INCREASE	   Scrypt Mining  – Are Scrypt ASICs The Future? Twitter  With the scrypt mining world dominated by GPUs (Graphic Processing Units), a surprising but long-awaited addition is coming  – ASICs. ASICs, application-specific integrated circuits, are much more efficient in mining currencies, being much smaller, running at lower temperatures, and requiring less electricity for much higher hash rates. But how viable are would scrypt ASICs be, and just which companies would you trust with your money in pre-orders?     Many people might recall the way Butterfly Labs handled shipments, causing mighty long delays, affecting a miner ’s profit as the difficulty only goes up, and up. Would this same disastrous scenario also occur with scrypt ASIC companies? If we take a look at Alpha Technology, they currently offer two types of scrypt ASIC miners. The  ‘Viper ’ miner hashes at speeds of 25 Mh/s, while only consuming less than 600 watts of power. Compare this to the AMD Radeon 7950, which mines at 700 kh/s, and using 300 watts of power.The Viper would mine at 33 times faster, while using only two times the power. Also the fact that 33 AMD Radeon 7950 would require 10,000 watts of power, and going at about $400 each, would cost a total of $13,200, while the Viper going for 5450 GBP, or $8950. Alpha Technology also requires a 30% deposit, which is payable in either PayPal or Bitcoin. Another miner is sold for 405 GBP, or $665, mining at 5 Mh/s and using less than 100 watts.  New scrypt ASIC companies are popping up everywhere, with others such as Scryptasic, among others. Scrypt ASICs are due for delivery in Q2 to Q3 of 2014, leaving GPU mining still profitable for much of 2014. But where exactly will scrypt ASICs go? Will they dominate the scrypt markets? Coins such as Yacoin, using scrypt-jane and a increasing N-difficulty, maybe safe from ASICs, but eventually will they be developed? Will these companies even deliver the products promised, or is it all just a big hoax. Until then, be wary of giving your money away without proof of real scrypt ASICs.  
INCREASE	   Facebook to implement Bitcoin Payments on their Advertising Platform? Twitter  There is a rumor out now that Facebook has, or is, implementing Bitcoin payments on their advertising platform. The image below was sent to Bitcoinboard this morning by an employee of Facebook in Netherlands who is participating in the test:    There is an option there to pay with Bitcoins on the Facebook Payment page, however, I can not personally confirm if this is legit or modified by someone else.   Bitcoinboard writes:   At this moment you can pay for advertising with a Creditcard, Paypal and FB Ad coupons. It is not yet clear when the option to pay with Bitcoins becomes available for the public, but this confirms that they are at least very interested in the crypto currency, and willing to integrate it into their website. If the company currently holds Bitcoins or is actively buying them is unclear. Last year a former Facebook executive said in an interview that he had BTC  & had invested a lot in it. He even went as far as calling it a “Gold 2.0″.  This story may be false, but we will follow it and see if anyone can confirm or discard it.   Here you can watch the video interview:   Source:  http://bitcoinboard.net/facebook-accepts-bitcoin-on-advertising-platform/  
INCREASE	   If just one percent of the assets in offshore tax haven bank accounts come into bitcoin.. 2.8 million USD per bitcoin (video) Twitter   The Future of Money  – Trace Mayer at Inside Bitcoins 2013 Las Vegas. Thanks for the tip Reddit user  plato14 .  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price EXPLODING Twitter  Today the Bitcoin price has jumped from 835 to 875 on  Bitstamp.net . There could be a few reasons to the current spike in the Bitcoin price. My predictions are as follows:  1. It ’s January  – Most stock markets are rising during January, same principle can be given to Bitcoin.   2. Max Keiser told us recently that Netflix is considering to add Bitcoin.   3. Wall Street Investors told in the fall of 2013 that they would move into Bitcoin in 2014 Q1.  4.  Overstock.com is adding BTC , same has Porn.com, Zynga and etoro.   5. No current bad news about Bitcoin regulation. (However, stay updated on the  report by the US Government expected to come out in January .)  What do you think is the reason for the current spike?  
INCREASE	   Interview with Graviton, Nextcoin.org Community Founder Twitter  Recently, I had the distinct pleasure to interview Graviton, Nextcoin.org Community Founder.  As many of you are familiar, I first learned about NXT after my  father-in-law stumbled on the coin  skyrocketing a month ago.  On January 3rd,  NXT released their source code to the public .  “NXTCoin source code revealed today in a release on  their website . The  DGEX.com  website received an overhaul as well.  DGEX is presently the only exchange offering trading in NXT.  The major addition to the crypto market is NXT ’s Alias System which was not a part of the open source unveiling. ”         The Crypto Analyst:  What is you position in the hierarchy at NXT?  Graviton:   Some consider me  “third in command ” after the silent inventor BCNext and his incredibly productive spokesperson / manager Come-from-Beyond. I founded the Nextcoin.org Community and serve as the  DGEX.com BTC/NXT Cryptocurrency Exchange Operator.          TCA: Do you think today was positive for NXT?  The price of NXT sold off some 15%.   Graviton : Jan 3rd was a highly anticipated day for NXT as the source code was set to be published. Considering the circumstances, people were probably expecting more buzz from the markets, so many were disappointed for the way the NXT value actually reacted. The scope of the code revealed was perhaps not as extensive as expected. In addition the community was generally not happy for some decisions of DGEX.com as the major exchanger announcing addition of fees for NXT trading and delivery, as the the exchange was prior to that distributing NXT to buyers for free during the initial 5 weeks charging only for bitcoin proceedings. These factors reflected to the market, overall the trading volume was very high and the only real disappointment perhaps is the lack of major spike in pri ce that some holders may have been expecting.   TCA: What are NXTCoin ’s best features?    Graviton:  May I correct it is called NXT  – and is much more than a payment system. But if by NXTCoin you mean the currency, it has several points that make it technically superior to the 1st generation Proof-of-Work cryptocurrencies.   1.) NXT is not cloned from the Bitcoin concept, it is made from scratch thus allowing new features and advanced properties to be implemented from the grassroot level   2.) NXT utilizes an improved proof of stake mechanism, which makes it resilient against 51% attacks and blockchain forks that are a recurring threat in old proof-of-work currencies.   3.) Though an innovative Transparent Forging mechanism NXT allows high transaction rate and priority transactions through custom peer transmittance. This enables global payment network usage approaching credit card processor volumes when necessary.   4.) NXT is environment friendly, as high processing capability is not a requirement for NXT forging ( “mining ” for other cryptocurrencies). An older pc with internet connection  – or a smartphone  – is as good as a high end desktop workstation for the NXT network and has equal chance of getting the block rewards, the probability of which depends on the amount of currency held in each wallet.   5.) The NXT system upon which the coin feature is built on, inherently supports services outside the basic coin concept such as peer-to-peer exchange, colored coins, messaging/chat and DNS / alias.   TCA: The Alias System is very intriguing and actually alot of fun!  Considering it ’s groundbreaking value, should Alias System code ever be made open source?      Graviton:  In my opinion yes, as keeping it closed will only stir up rumors and competition will overtake at some point nevertheless. But the timing should be strategically planned by the right persons within the NXT community.  TCA: What stops another coin from having an Alias System that will compete with NXTCoin?    Graviton:  Basically the other coin would need to build on NXT and not any of the old 1st generation cryptocurrencies to achieve this in a feasibly way. Given that fact, NXT has quite a nice headstart :). Nothing of course prevents it, and competition is good for everybody in the big picture I would opine.  TCA: When the market opens for Alias ’s I feel that things will get interesting. What do you think future uses of the Alias System will be?    Graviton:  The Alias is an excellent system to make funds transfer as simple as typing in the name of the receiver. I can envision flourishing market for alias exchange (like domain name flipping currently) and ease of transacting for business adoption.    TCA:  Where do you see NXT ’s position in the crypto market in 1 year, 5years?    Graviton : I personally don ’t like to make predictions based on wholly uncertain market situation, but I see no definitive reason why NXT would not be challenging any altcoin in 1 year ’s time and Bitcoin itself easily in five years. NXT ’s trading volume and Market cap has been hanging in the top 6 to 8 positions of all cryptocoins for several weeks already at this early phase.   With the Alias System and colored-coins in place, I tend to agree with Graviton ’s forecast.  I actually believe he is slightly modest.     -The Crypto Analyst        
INCREASE	   Key Bitcoin Price Levels and Trading Update for Week 2 (5  – 12 Jan) of 2014  Twitter  Bitcoin price has broken the key psychological level of $1000 on Mt. Gox and pushed above $900 on Bitstamp.  The Bitcoin price is exploding right now! Possible reasons for the push are  mentioned elsewhere on CCN.  As can be seen above on the daily chart, a long green candle is forming on the 5th day of consecutive gains.  This is good news for all of us with long positions. I added the final portion to my long position on Friday the 3rd as the Bitcoin price cleared the key $800 Support / Resistance level.  As price has also blasted through the 76.4% Fibonacci line (dark blue), I see no obvious resistance until $1000. This is the level of the previous fractal high as well as a big round number. Following this reasoning, I ’ve set my first profit target to just below $1000.  A mention of the Moon Phases  – they last 5 really have worked out surprisingly well! If you access my (or the) interactive Bitcoin price charts on  Trading View,  you can go back further in time and examine the moon phases around major price peaks and falls. Another trader,  z-Tau,  mentioned Moon Phases have been significant in previous bubbles:  Log chart of last 3 major bubbles  – the last 2 times, corrections reversed right after the full moon. Look out for were-bears around the 17th! ;)  I ’m now employing a trailing stop below the low of the previous candle (bold red line with arrow). As the Bitcoin price advances, I ’ll keep adjusting this to lock in profits.  As there ’s always correction and consolidation within a trend, I ’m hoping the trailing stop won ’t yank me out before the trend is complete.  “The trend is your friend until it ends, ” as they say. The plan is to close only a portion of the position if the stop-loss is triggered, except if it happens on particularly gloomy news.  Should I get a signal that the trend is running out of steam, a negative MACD cross perhaps, that ’ll be another opportunity to take profit.  Although the trade is working out well so far, I was less sure of its success when I opened the first third of my position ten days ago. Had I gone all-in at that point, doubts would inevitably have surfaced over the five days where price fell back and flatlined. Although I ’d currently be deeper into profit if I ’d risked it all, those doubts may have led me to second-guess the trade and eject before it took off. This is why I prefer to ease in and out of a position as the market proves its direction at key levels. It ’s a strategy which helps me deal with my own mind as much as the market.  Some traders advise that you should only trade when in a calm, clear-minded state. Generally this is true, although it ’s impossible to entirely eliminate emotion from trading. In fact, neurological studies indicate that if the brain ’s emotional centres are disabled, the mind is incapable of reaching any decisions at all. Without the motivation of risk and reward, logic founders. I suggest being conscious of your emotional state when trading and compensating for it. For example, if you feel strongly positive on the market, force yourself to listen to the grumbling bears and consider their case. This will keep your outlook flexible and prepared for the market ’s endless surprises.  –  This is a part of the Cryptocurrency Investment Club by CryptoCoinsNews.com.  Join our FREE and EXCLUSIVE Cryptocurrency Investment Club! LIMITED memberships. Receive weekly analysis of different cryptocurrencies plus much more. Read more  here  and   
INCREASE	   Santander Uses Ripple Blockchain Tech for International Payments Twitter  Santander has begun using an app for international payments using Ripple Labs’ blockchain technology, according to Ripple on its Ripple Insights  website . The pilot app makes Santander the first U.K. bank to use Ripple technology for cross-border payments.  Santander is introducing the app as a staff pilot, with the intention to expand the technology.  Once the app is downloaded, Santander staff just have to complete profile details to start to make payments. The app connects to Apple Pay, where users can securely confirm payments using Touch ID. It allows users transfer between £10 and £10,000. Payments can be made from GBP to EUR and USD. Payments made in EUR can go to 21 countries while U.S. dollar payments can only go to  the United States.  Ripple is providing the technology for the app.  Santander Shows Leadership  “Leading banks like Santander are taking advantage of our enterprise blockchain solutions to improve their cross-border payments, drastically reducing the time and cost of settlement and enabling new types of high volume, low-value global transactions,” noted Monica Long on Ripple ’s website.  The need for finance has expanded from providing a physical pound to being seamlessly integrated into a connected lifestyle, said Sigga Sigurdardottir, Santander’s head of innovation.  Santander Seeks Progress  Santander is working to ensure its banking is fair, personal and simple, Sigurdardottir said, and it views blockchain technology as playing a transformative role in how it achieves its goals to better serve customers by adding value from creating more convenience and choice.  Chris Larsen  “Ripple is redefining the way that value moves around the world, and today we’re already enabling real-time, affordable international settlement between banks who have adopted our solutions,” said Chris Larsen, Ripple CEO and co-founder.  Larsen said Santander is the first bank in the world to transfer real funds externally, and that in doing so, they are creating a new service standard.  Security and regulatory compliance is key to all of Santander’s activity, Ripple noted, and the app has already undergone the testing needed for a rollout.  Santander Invests In Ripple  Santander InnoVentures – Santander Group’s $100 million fintech venture capital fund –joined Ripple’s Series A funding round as an investor, bringing the round’s total to $32 million in October.  Ripple’s Series A funding round included a mix of investment firms and global strategic investors that support Ripple’s vision to enable an Internet of Value by supporting the secure, real-time, settlement of funds for financial institutions and their customers globally.  “Santander InnoVentures is a natural fit in this round because of their demonstrated support for real-time international payments and their commitment to new technologies that enable Santander to empower its customers,” Larsen said at the time. “We are excited to work closely with them in building the Internet of Value and accelerating adoption amongst financial institutions, m arket makers and businesses worldwide.”  Also read:  Ripple Labs CEO: Partnership with banking block chain consortium R3 in the offing  Belinky Praises Ripple  Mariano Belinky, managing partner of Santander InnoVentures, said the bank has long advocated modernizing banking infrastructure. In its Fintech 2.0 report, Santander highlighted a $20 billion opportunity for the financial services industry where distributed ledger technology will have a positive impact.  Mariano Belinky  Belinky said Ripple has the technology, talent, and momentum to address many such scenarios, and is exploring how best to apply Ripple technology in the bank. “Ripple and Santander share a common vision of the future of the industry, and we intend to jointly advocate it in the community,” Belinky said.  Featured image from Shutterstock and LinkedIn.  
INCREASE	   National Guard Personnel Busted In Bitcoin Driven Scheme Twitter  It ’s true. Bitcoin can offer some degree of anonymity. The tell has always been in the  “on ” and  “off ” ramps connected to the ledger.  These knuckleheads, as many before them, sought to utilize a system they did not understand for nefarious means. And as many before them,  they were caught . Only this time, they worked for the National Guard.  Recently, five members of the  District of Columbia Army National Guard  were arrested for a bitcoin to credit card theft scheme. In the plot, Spcs. James Stewart and Derrick Shelton and former Sgt. Quentin Stewart allegedly used bitcoin to purchase credit card numbers. (Spc. Vincent Grant and Jamal Moody were involved too, but to a lesser extent.) Using a credit card encoding machine, they transferred the numbers to physical cards, then proceeded t o make purchases. Once they racked up a good amount of illegally obtained merchandise, they started to sell their loot.  Until this point, all of this is pretty classic low-level criminal behavior. Hold on, it definitely gets better.  This group chose to make their purchases at Army and Air Force Exchange Service locations. The AAFES locations actually served a two fold purpose for these clowns. They also sold some of the stolen merchandise back to AAFES. After  “successfully ” completing a cycle or so of this activity they pooled their resources and kept the scam going.  All of this activity happened between July 2014 and May 2015. The two Stewarts and Shelton are believed to have made about 8 transactions totaling a little over $4,000. Grant and Moody racked up just over $2,000. All in the group, except Grant and Moody, could face up to 20 years if convicted. Further if convicted to any degree, all will receive the minimum two and a half year  sentence for aggravated identity theft charges.  As for the swag that was worth these paltry sums? Mostly  XBox  and  Playstation  systems. No doubt the group read about bitcoin in some far-flung, dusty corner of the internet and had no idea what any of it meant. Guess they cannot be completely faulted for misunderstanding the technology. The real issue was probably that they were complete idiots to begin with.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Rally Nears $500 Twitter  The bitcoin price rally reached close to $500 and 3600 CNY today. Advance is strong and has left the indicators tilted, yet technical tools such as support and resistance and moving averages allow traders to determine targets and likely entry and exit levels.  This analysis is provided by  xbt.social  with a 3-hour delay. Read the full analysis  here . Not a member? Join now and receive a $29 discount using the code CCN29.  Bitcoin Price Analysis  Time of analysis: 14h00 UTC  Bitstamp 1-Hour Candle Chart   From the analysis pages of xbt.social, earlier today:  That today ’s 1-day price candle will confirm the $470 resistance as definitively broken, is not a maybe: it stretches green from $470 to $497 in the Bitstamp chart. OKCoin ’s 3-month futures contract reached to $540 earlier today and the CNY charts have thundered past their November 2015 high.  The past two days ’ advance has been unusually strong, and this raises some concern for a looming pullback, although the rally is (according to the 1-day chart indicators) far from over.  Our usual 1-hour reference chart has all of the momentum indicators in either severe overbought state or in advanced divergence. As we ’ve seen, this is often the case during bitcoin price rallies and we have to revert to rudimentary technical tools such as support and resistance and moving averages to navigate bitcoin price waves.  A few weeks ago it was illustrated how there are major support and resistance zones around $550 and $680 in the Bitstamp chart. Once the market has negotiated and advanced above $500, we ’d expect $550 to be the next major reaction zone for the larger trend.  Summary  Bitcoin price capitulated the swift clean break above $470 resistance by advancing to near $500. This level may pause price advance for a day or two. Also bear in mind that we ’ve not yet seen $470 tested in the 1-day chart. Once above $550, the next major support and resistance level waits at $550 (Bitstamp).  Bitfinex Depth Chart and Buy/Sell Volume   Click here for the CCN.LA interactive bitcoin-price chart .  What do readers think? Please comment below.  This analysis is provided by  xbt.social  with a 3-hour delay. Read the full analysis  here . Not a member? Join now and receive a $29 discount using the code CCN29.  Readers can follow Bitcoin price analysis updates every day on CCN.LA. A Global Economic Outlook report is published every Monday.  Disclaimer  The writer trades Bitcoin. Trade and Investment is risky. CCN.LA accepts no liability for losses incurred as a result of anything written in this Bitcoin price analysis report.  Bitcoin price charts from TradingView.  Image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Danish Police Proclaim ‘Ground-Breaking’ Bitcoin Tracking System Twitter  Denmark’s cybercrime police unit has claimed to have developed a specialized software system to track bitcoin transactions, one that has led to the prosecution of drug traffickers.  The revelation comes to light a report by regional news publication  Berlingske . According to the report, a specialized IT system developed by the Danish National Cyber Crime Center (NC3) is described as “ground-breaking” by Kim Aarenstrup, the head of the unit. The report further adds that the same system has been used by the FBI and Europol.  “The potential of this is groundbreaking. The investigation can now proceed from where it used to stop before,” Aarenstrup said.  In roughly translated statements, Aarenstrup told the publication:  We are pretty much unique in the world at this point, because there aren’t really any other agencies who have managed to use these [bitcoin] trails as evidence in the past. Every is looking toward Denmark ins this field and we are now in close dialogue with a number of other countries right now, so we can further develop our methods and teach them how we do it.  While details of the workings of the ‘special software’ remain scarce, the mechanism reportedly correlates two separate transactions where bitcoins used to purchase illegal goods are matched against those listed on the blockchain, which are then compared with listings of the marketplace and other information about users. That’s about the extent explained by Jesper Klyve, the pr osecutor involved in the cases where the tracking software led to the convictions of drug traffickers last month.  “All [bitcoin] transfers that have ever been made are coded into the bitcoin-system [blockchiain]. Therefore, you can, at any time, log in and search in the system to try and identify individual users” he told the publication.  One of the trafficking cases involved a Danish man in his 20s who purchased large quantities of methamphetamine, cocaine and ketamine on andark web marketplace.  Contrary to the popular notion that bitcoin transactions are anonymous, its pseudonymous nature leaves every transaction open to anyone looking into the public blockchain. While the wallet addresses are public  – leaving every transaction openly traceable  – they are not tied to any personally identifying information on the blockchain.  However, the very nature of traceable transactions  leaves room  for bitcoin blockchain surveillance firms like  Elliptic  to work with law enforcement agencies to curb online criminal activity that abuses bitcoin. Perhaps notably, Elliptic CEO James Smith stated “Bitcoin is  too transparent ”, adding that his firm studied major darknet drugs markets like Alphabay, every day.  
INCREASE	   Paycoin ’s Josh Garza Continues to Delay SEC Trial Twitter  It’s been a long time since we’ve heard much from Josh Garza. At last glance, he was facing charges of fraud from the Securities and Exchange Commission and much of his army of  GAWesome supporters  had gone silent. The  SEC case  continues, and earlier this month Garza finally responded to the charges with a long-winded “pleading of the fifth.” This  response  to the allegations comes after  numerous requests  to delay the case, the contents of which are mostly sealed.  “Accordingly, on the advice of counsel, Defendant respectfully declines to answer the allegations set forth in the Complain, based on his rights under the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. ”  At the end of the filing, however:  Defendant reserves the right to amend this Answer upon the resolution of any criminal investigation or related proceedings.  This last bit is clearly intended to allow Garza a chance to later plead out of the case while giving away nothing at present.  The case has largely fallen off the radar of cryptocurrency enthusiasts, who’ve become more engrossed in the various aspects of Bitcoin’s block size debate as well as the stellar growth in the price of Bitcoin which have both happened during the intervening months.  For this reason, this writer,  who covered the scandal in depth  culminating in a  full-scale rebuke  of the dozens of individuals who consciously defended Garza’s every move up until the bitter end, will quickly give the reader the rundown of the GAW Miners Hashlet scam.  GAW Miners began as a hardware provider. Their hardware was largely rebranded Chinese equipment, but at this time they were at least delivering tangible products. In August of 2014, GAW began selling “hashlets,” or virtual mining contracts. According to the SEC, Garza and his cohorts knowingly falsified claims in regards to said hashlets and their actual return-on-investment. Additionally, GAW faces an ongoing lawsuit in Mississippi for unpaid electrical bills. Like nearly all virtual mining, Hashlets would later prove to be not just unp rofitable but for many, a total loss. According to the SEC, at least 10,000 users were fooled out of bitcoins. Around December, 2014, Paycoin (XPY) was launched. Paycoin was a poorly modified fork of Peercoin which had the added feature of “prime nodes” which would receive insane interest payments. These prime nodes were issued primarily to members of GAW Miners as well as a few loyal community members. During the run-up to launch, Garza touted that Paycoin would sell for $20 per coin.  Later, Paybase, a related effort, offered a “repurchase” program which never actually happened. Today, the totality of Paycoin, which was eventually taken over by its disparate community, has a value of around 25 bitcoins. Were it to be actually worth $20 per coin, this net worth would actually be closer $233M, or 233,000 BTC. The amplification of the scandal surrounding Paycoin coincided with  the failure  of its primary, most vocally supportive exchange, Cryptsy. Up until that time, Cryptsy was one of the largest trading platforms for alternative cryptocurrencies. While ShapeShift.io quickly delisted Paycoin after  “fraud concerns, ” Cryptsy listed the currency until its last gasp. It is important to note that Cryptsy was  an owner of a prime node . Pseudonymous CCN writer Hiro Nakamura  cautioned  Cryptsy to get away from Paycoin, to no avail. Thus far there has never been a linkage of the Paycoin scandal and the exit scam of Cryptsy, but the two happened with such coincidence that it is hard not to draw a straight line.  At CCN, our memory is long and we look forward to soon reporting on the outcome of Garza’s SEC trial. There is not much that can be done for those who were repeatedly warned against doing business with anything Garza touched, but we can help to ensure that no future cryptocurrency project fomented by him or his cohorts goes unnoticed.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Spice Haven Sichuan is Quickly Becoming China ’s Bitcoin Mining Capital Twitter  China’s province of Sichuan is known for its spicy food flavors. Now, though, it’s becoming known as something else: a bitcoin mining capital.  It was in 2013 that China was  first thought to have discovered bitcoin  and since then the country has been making up for lost time in mining the digital currency.  What, though, has that got to do with the province of Sichuan?  Well, according to the  China Money Network , since 2015, over 30 percent of China’s bitcoin mining machines have been purchased from the Sichuan province. Considering that around 70 percent of bitcoin’s global computational power is located within China, this southwestern region located between the Himalayas and the Yungui Plateau is making a name for itself as the bitcoin mining capital. And it ’s not hard to see why this is the case.  According to the report, Sichuan ’s Mabian Yi Autonomous county has a population of around 200,000 people and accounts for 10,000 bitcoin mining machines working around the clock for the digital currency.  So Why Sichuan?  For a bitcoin mining machine to mine for the digital currency it needs electricity, but it’s an expensive business as electricity can make up as much as 60 percent to 70 percent of the mining.  To avert this problem, the mining machines are found in Sichuan became it provides cheap electricity through its hydroelectric power plants. To take advantage of these cost saving measures many bitcoin mining companies have positioned themselves next to the plants.  Is It Worth It?  One of the companies with mining machines in Sichuan is Mabian Tianjia Network Technology Co., Ltd. It’s reported that the company can produce as many as 27 bitcoin per day from its 5,800 mining machines, which is $30,774 based on the current price of bitcoin at $1,139.  And yet, before rushing out to buy a bitcoin mining machine, the costs involved are high. Electricity bills can cost thousands of dollars while the profitability of bitcoin remains uncertain with the price of it remaining highly volatile.  One must note, however, that when it comes to the digital currency, the Chinese put their full effort into it.  But even though the  price of the currency has risen  and fallen over the last few years in China while the  People’s Bank of China  (PBOC) has recently laid a heavy hand on the currency, as L H Li, the former president of the Bank of China, recently said: ‘ it’s impossible to kill bitcoin. ’  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Indian FinTech Investments Decline in 2016 Twitter  A new report has found that India’s investments in FinTech dropped significantly in 2016 from 2015, indicating what impact a lack of mega-deals can have on a country even though actual deals in India remained steady over the same period.  The report from KPMG, The Pulse of FinTech Q4 2016 [ PDF ] reported that investment in the sector dropped from $1.6 billion in 2015 to just $216 million in 2016; however, despite the decline India appears to be a key focus of venture capital investors in Asia.  India’s demonetization of the Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 banknotes last November appears to have resulted in a boost in transactions, which is certainly a trend that will be one to watch in Q1 and Q2 2017. It’s expected that this may attract more interest from investors.  Neha Punater, head of FinTech at KPMG in India said:  With the demonetization effort that started in Q4’16 in India, there has been a big increase in the number of transactions managed by both payments companies and wallet providers. As this effort continues, we should see momentum grow for digital platforms and fintech solutions.  With India’s securities regulator announcing plans to  set up a FinTech advisory committee  to focus on investments within the sector and Arun Jaitley, India’s finance minister telling  banks to promote digital banking , corporate interest in India’s FinTech is likely to increase over the next year.  This can already be seen through many of India’s banks and companies, which have launched  innovative blockchain consortiums  while India’s largest IT services firm, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) is  overseeing several blockchain pilots and proof of concepts  for clients around the world.  It appears that plenty is being done to harness the benefits that FinTech is providing to a nation that has a high smartphone use. The country reportedly crossed a  billion mobile subscribers  and exceeded the United States with 200 million smartphone users, becoming the world’s second largest smartphone market after China, in January 2016.  Yet, while this is the case, according to the deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India, banks need to be aware that they run the  risk of becoming history  if they don’t maintain the pace in the age of FinTech.  With the results of Q4 2016 venture capital investment announced in India, this year is certain to be a year when the nation can bounce back, helping to show that the country has what it takes to become a hub for FinTech.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin P2P Lending Platform Bitbond Raises $1.2 Million in Equity Funding Twitter  Bitbond, a German peer-to-peer bitcoin loan platform closed an equity funding round of $1.2 million in new capital as it looks to fuel user growth in potential markets.  As a platform to connect lenders and borrowers, Bitbond facilitates loans in bitcoin by checking the credit-worthiness of applicants while studying the purpose of the loan to determine the interest rate for the loan. Notably, the platform uses the Bitcoin blockchain for payment processing to facilitate cross-border lending.  A large proportion of Bitbond’s borrowers are usually online sellers with storefronts on e-commerce sites like Amazon or eBay. The borrowed sums are used for inventory and working capital. Credit checks are performed based on the revenue data of merchants.  Berlin-based Bitbond has now raised a total of $2.3 million in funding. The latest founding round was led by Şekip Can Gökalp, who formerly founded Turkish mobile ad network Mobilike. Other angel investors participating in the funding round included mobile advertising firm Fyber’s founders Janis Zech and Andreas Bodczek as well as Alexander Graubner-Müller, CEO and co-founder of German online lender and Fintech firm Kreditech.  Bitbond founder and CEO Radoslav Albrecht stated:  The additional resources will help us to continue realizing our mission which is to make lending and borrowing globally accessible. We are happy to have such experiences investors supporting us on this exciting journey.  The bitcoin startup received EUR600,000 in an angel funding round in mid-2015 following its launch in 2013. The company has come a long way since. Over 1,600 loans worth $1.2 million have originated on Bitbond since its launch and the platform claims to service 76,600 registered users from 120 countries.  In  previous comments  to CCN, Bitbond representative Chris Grundy added that the platform also follows up with measures to ensure repayment of loans. “This starts with emails and phone calls, in the case of late repayments, and can culminate in the involvement of debt collectors to regain the owed sum,” Grundy revealed.  Bitbond’s growth in the global bitcoin P2P lending market is in contrast to that of another lending platform BitLendingClub, which cited regulatory hurdles as the reason behind its decision to  shut down  a number of services. Meanwhile, Bitbond is now operating with a regulatory license issued by Germany’s financial regulator BaFin, issued in October 2016. The license allows the bitcoin startup to operate independently of banks.  Image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Will Bitcoin Surpass All-Time High While We Wait for the ETF? Twitter  Bitcoin has been on a rally over the past week, increasing by almost $200, reaching a near all-time high of $1,140 on the most liquid western exchanges. It is just $26 short of breaching all-time high, but will it?  Bitcoin Nearing All-Time High  – image from  cryptowatch  We won’t mention devaluation, but yuan has weakened slightly recently. However, the currency has been fairly stable over the past month, moving within a bounded range, while bitcoin has considerably increased in value in a fairly short period of time. It is unlikely, therefore, yuan is the main cause.  With just two weeks to go, all eyes are on the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States. They are to make an historical decision on the first of its kind bitcoin ETF.  For three years, they have been unsure on whether to approve or disapprove, but now, a statutory deadline requires a decision by the 11 th  of March. If no decision, then the ETF is automatically approved.  The next two weeks will, therefore, be critical. If the ETF is approved, whether by active decision or automatically, then bitcoin will announce its arrival to the world. The period immediately after the approval is expected to unleash a trading frenzy.  Spencer Bogart, vice president of equity research for Needham  & Co.  estimates  that $300 million would be invested in its first week. It’s the most anticipated ETF ever, according to ETF focused news-sites. The news, whether approval or rejection, will probably be, or should be, on the front page of New York Times.  For the decision is historical. The first ever decentralized digital currency, issued by code not state or company, backed by the market not legal force, will become available to all in a safe and secure manner.  Non-technical individuals will not need bother with securing private keys, so instead buying into the ETF which has locked, air gapped computers, in different locations. Perhaps, like gold itself, they could or should be in armed guarded iron vaults.  Can it still be stolen? Of course, the Bank of England could technically be robbed too. The probabilities, however, appear low. Nonetheless, it is a high-risk investment and any investor would be made fully aware according to the filed ETF prospectus.  Betting markets seem to think the  chances  of its approval stand at just 36%. Analysts are stating that if it is approved, price could reach $3,000. 36% of 2,000 is…  If it is rejected, price could fall, perhaps significantly so, but, according to the law, the default is approval. There would need to be a very good reason for its rejection if the SEC is not to be accused of curtailing freedoms. Security might be one, but – iron vaults! Coinbase, for example, has never been hacked because, although it is difficult, it’s not impossible to secure bitcoins.  Bitcoin’s volatility is lower than many other ETFs. Yes, it’s a risky investment, but there are many other ETFs which are even riskier. Sure, bitcoin could split, but, companies split all the time. There might be some bug in the code – and there have been such bugs – but they are quickly fixed because it is just code with price rarely reacting by much, let alone sending it to zero.  Why, then, would it be rejected? Even Gemini’s former lawyer seems to think so because the majority of trading is done in China. That’s no longer the case, but even if it was, the lack of liquidity in western exchanges is due to CFTC’s continued refusal to allow regulated exchanges, such as Coinbase and Gemini, to offer margins and futures. The market needs them, that’s why stocks and FX trading platforms offer margins of, sometime, as high as 2,000x.  Personally, I see no clear reason why it would be rejected, but, I’m often wrong. Everyone else seems to think it will be, so perhaps it will.  Until we know for sure, price will probably continue to go up as the market, until recently, was mainly concerned with China. A potential ETF approval, therefore, is unlikely to have been priced in.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin is Breaking Price Records  Twitter  The price of bitcoin is slowly, but surely demonstrating that it has what it takes to overcome any difficulties it crosses. And it has certainly been illustrating this toward the end of 2016 and so far in 2017.  Just yesterday it was reported that the price of  bitcoin had registered a high of $1,153 , surpassing its previous high at the beginning of the year on January 4 at $1,139.9. Such is the bullish run of bitcoin that this article had to be quickly amended to include that bitcoin  broke its all-time  high on Bitstamp, reaching a high of $1,168 less than an hour ago.  This, however, is not the only time where bitcoin has been breaking price records. As this  Reddit post  shows, during January 2014 the price of bitcoin on various exchanges experienced several highs, which, until recently, may have seemed impossible to break.  And yet, bitcoin is doing just that.  All prices were current at the time of writing but almost certainly will have changed at the time of publishing.  Price Increase with BTC-e  In 2014, BTC-e reported the price of bitcoin at $1,095; however, as can be seen on  Bitcoin Wisdom , BTC-e has broken its 2014 price with one bitcoin now worth $1,130.   In just a week there has been a nine percent increase in the BTC-e price. While it ’s certainly not a vertical climb, it is this measured assent that helps to give added assurance of the digital currency ’s price.  ‘Big 3 ’ Chinese Exchange Freeze  In 2014, OKCoin, BTC China, and Huobi reported prices amounting to ¥7995, ¥7588, and ¥8000 respectively.  On January 2, OKCoin recorded a price jump of ¥8888, BTC China achieved ¥8896.2, and Huobi ¥8895. However, since then changes have taken place that have seen the price of the  ‘Big 3 ’ Chinese exchanges drop.     Since the intervention of the People ’s Bank of China (PBOC) earlier this year as it cracks down on the digital currency exchanges within China, the three have  frozen the withdrawals of the currency  for a month. BTC China expects to resume its services on  March 15 .  This, naturally, makes for interesting reading into these particular exchanges where the digital currency is trading at a lower than average price as nobody is able to withdraw the bitcoins they have bought.  Current prices for OKCoin, BTC China, and Huobi stand at ¥7750, ¥7544.9, and ¥6470.  Bitstamp Breached and Bitfinex to Follow  Bitstamp and Bitfinex set all-time highs in 2014 with prices of $1,163 and $1,175. Bitstamp has already been breached, with a high of $1,168 while Bitfinex is $10 short of a new all-time high.  Only time will tell before this is likely to happen, but considering that the currency has already broken 2014 prices with multiple exchanges, it ’s due to happen sooner rather than later.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin, the People ’s Money, Roars to All-Time High Twitter  What a comeback. The digital currency that so often has been proclaimed dead, has risen from around $163 just two years ago, to now breach the all-time high on the average price weighed index.  Bitcoin Surpasses All-Time High  Bitcoin stood, across exchanges, at $1,147 in late 2013. Now, on a weighted average, it stands at $1,161, officially breaking the all-time high.  Few thought this will happen. Mired in controversy regarding  transaction backlogs  – a Champaign problem some say, we have too many users, how do we make space for more in a way physical resources allow – challenged too by new cool kids such as ethereum, disparaged by the more stiff upper lips who kept proclaiming blockchain, but not bitcoin  – the digital currency marches, unperturbed, undeterred, proving, once more, all wrong.  It’s market now is nearing $20 billion. It finds mentions in TV sitcoms, it is accepted by Microsoft, it is patroned by that naked, unfiltered space, which keeps up the dreams of the 90s. It has the attention of PBoC. It pre-occupies, currently, the two commissioners of the SEC.  The Living Code  That is because this is not just a currency. It’s not even just a movement. Bitcoin is a network. With synapses, communication lines, a greater structure that takes all parts and forms something very new, an artificial brain with a life of its own, something we have never seen before.  Bitcoin takes all the individual, opinionated, parts and merges them, forming a holistic formidable whole. It is an organism. It lives, breaths. It thinks, metaphorically speaks.  It is served by computers in massive facilities, their power greater by far than any supercomputer. It is connected by many nodes across the world. Within it, there are debates and arguments, that’s how it grows. Outside, “cells” just decide.  No one man’s opinion controls bitcoin’s fate. However influential or prominent they might be. And if it is a group, leashing out propaganda, sockpuppets, attempting to engage in political campaigns, trying to centralize all things, why, bitcoin has no center.  It’s impossible. They only fool themselves. This currency cannot be hijacked. This currency cannot be controlled. There cannot be coups here. There cannot be proclamations or dictats. For, it is only by the will of the people bitcoin lives. Only by the wisdom of the crowd bitcoin roars or dies.  The Formidable Phoenix  I was here, though not participating, in 2011, when positive opinion sent bitcoin up to $30, to then crash due to a hack of an amateur and incompetent exchange. It stood at $2 for almost two years.  I was here too when it roared, rising at $266, to then crash again due to the above centralized and amateur MT Gox exchange. It inspired a decentralization of exchanges. There are many now, but Gox was not done.  I was here, too, when they announced their bankruptcy and misled the public in stating all, almost one million, bitcoins had been lost. That wasn’t true. I announced, with concrete evidence, they still had 200,000 bitcoins, forcing them to reveal their hidden holdings, which eventually they admitted, worth at the time and now more than $200 million.  I saw the currency in 2014 go down and down to around $160, but what a story for it to come back and now roar louder than ever.  The People’s Money  How can it not? It’s the people’s money. It’s the first free market backed currency. It has no central control, whatever some may believe in their stupid thoughts. It cares for no one’s opinion. It operates not under anyone’s permission. It’s a living, breathing, thing, with a life of its own.  Bitcoin operates solely under what is obvious and self-evident. Its complicated mechanism ensures objectivity. Its security based on the fundamental assumption that 51% of people are honest. An assumption we must take for granted for otherwise how could we have ever advanced to become what we have.  Yet, some try, but whether individuals, groups, cliques, governments or multinationals, they can say or do what they please, bitcoin cares not. Many may attempt to censor or ban, try to impose their ideology or opinion, try to force matters, propagandize, even smear, but bitcoin shrugs it off, like dust on a coat.  It roars, instead, above it all, for it is the people’s voice. The people who are taking back their rights and imposing what is obviously good – the true value of market prices, free from any manipulation, guaranteed by code, governed by us all.  It is a right, long denied, but now some genius has forced and gifted us.  No one, no group, can do anything about it. Not governments, not popes, not charlatans, not so called experts, no one at all.  Roar, bitcoin, roar.  Image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Breaking: Bitcoin Is Hitting Beyond Its All-Time High Twitter  Bitcoin’s rampant gains in a bullish run over the past fortnight has seen the cryptocurrency chart a new all-time high on the Bitstamp Price Index (BPI), registering $,1168.  The previous high of $1,163 set on November 29, 2013 – set before a huge drop following the collapse of the now-defunct Japanese exchange Mt Gox – has been topped. Bitcoin is now hurtling toward heights that have never been charted before.  At the time of publishing, bitcoin is trading at $1,165, still residing among those tall clouds.  Bitcoin ’s all-time chart sees an all-time high.  Developing …  Featured image from Shutterstock. Chart from BitcoinWisdom.  
INCREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Tops 3-Year Highs, Breaches $1,150 Twitter  The bullish run continues as bitcoin price scales beyond $1,150, registering a high of $1,153 on the day (at the time of publishing) on the Bitstamp Price Index (BPI).  Bitcoin is now trading beyond the high of $1,139.9 on January 4, a day before it took a big fall below $1,000 after news spread of a crackdown by the People’s Bank of China, the nation’s central bank. The cryptocurrency was last seen trading at these prices during the last days of November 2013.  At the time of publishing, bitcoin is trading at $1,150.92.   Bitcoin began Monday at $1,050, firmly establishing support at the $1,000 ceiling. There is renewed confidence among traders who have taken to alternative, decentralized platforms around the world, following regulatory hurdles and trading curbs imposed by the likes of China’s central bank. Price rose to $1,086 by the end of the day and scaled the $1,125 mark the following day.  Bitcoin rode another swell yesterday, surging from $1,125 at 17:00 UTC to scale beyond $1,140 in a three-hour trading period. While price saw a brief knock-back toward $1,120 during the early hours of today, bitcoin was back above $1,140 to set a high of $1,148.5 a little after 11:00 AM UTC.  Bitcoin’s 6-month Rally  Bitcoin’s bullish rally can now be traced back to August 2016 when the cryptocurrency gained further prominence as a store of value in the face of notable events including the Brexit referendum vote and the lead up to 2016 U.S presidential elections. A few notable bumps from the PBoC ’s actions aside, that rallying trend continues.   For a live Bitcoin Price chart, click  here .  For today ’s  bitcoin price analysis piece from CCN analyst Jim Fredrickson, click  here .  All time references are in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).  Image from Shutterstock. Charts from Bitcoin Wisdom.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin is Challenging the All-Time High Twitter  Bitcoin continues to advance like a rising river which slowly but surely overcomes each obstacle in it’s path.  Indeed, while it is surprising that the advance has not yet taken on a greed-fueled vertical ascent, the tepid and fearful, but relentless, advance has served it well. Advances can continue longer when they assume a more measured climb.  As these words are being typed, the asset has stumbled after hitting a 5 th  arc on a 4-hour chart. That is not surprising.  The surprise will be when/if the 5 th  arc folds before continued buying pressure, like so many resistance points before it, over the past few weeks.  Usually, I view 5 th  arcs as points to “expect” a reversal.  But somehow, I feel it more likely that the arc will yield over the next several hours.  Time will tell.  Still however, it is an axiom of this business that corrections must come sooner or later, even if they are just small ones.  The age-old question looms: “When and where will the next (relatively) significant one occur?”   Obviously I can’t say for a certainty where or when.  But I can see where the “sweet spots” on the charts are – points to watch.  And there is a point that stands out as place to watch carefully.  There are 3 points that intersect on the chart above.  The top of the 5 th  square, a 0.5 pitchfork line, and an energetic point in time on the 26th.  I realize that the term “energetic point in time” sounds ridiculous to those not steeped in the esoteric.  But they exist, for whatever the reason.  WD Gann made millions in a time when a good house sold for $5000, utilizing esoterica far more bizarre than that.  The 3 points meet on 2/26, at a price ~ $1215.  While I don’t think that this will mark a long-term top, it is a likely a good place to take profits, and wait to see what happens next,  if pricetime gets to that place .  We will see…  Happy trading!  Remember:  The author is a trader who is subject to all manner of error in judgement.  Do your own research, and be prepared to take full responsibility for your own trades.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Investors Rush and Crush to Buy $36 Million Ethereum-Based BAT ICO Twitter  Frenzy. One of the most anticipated token sale -about a web browser- sold out in 30 seconds. An investor paid $6,000 in transaction fees to jump the queue and be the very first. Another paid $2,000.  Seconds after the opening of the sale, millions poured in. Around $5 million is the highest sum invested, followed by around $4 million, with many more at $2 million and $1 million.  You simply had no chance of getting in. $65,000 in fees have been paid for transactions which did not go through because the cap had already been reached by that stage.  Bat ’s token sale smart contract address  – image source etherscan.  Bots. An army of them raced at block 3,798,640, crashing some nodes and wallets, kicking everyone else out of the network, with the event finished nearly as fast as Husain Bolt can run 100 meters.  Once that $36 million cap was reached, everyone else crashed against a wall, with their transactions rejected, but their fees kept by miners. That includes someone who sent $10 million, but their transaction was unable to get through, the network so returning their funds.  They, of course, are not happy for losing the bot race, so they took on to complain for any number of reasons, including how unfair it is they did not make it to the finishing line.  They ’ll be able to once it starts trading, but they ’re unhappy they could not buy at what probably will be the lowest price, the sale price, and that instead they will have to pay a premium either because their bot is rubbish or their fee was not $10,000.  How to make this process a bit more inclusive is a difficult question. Vitalik Buterin has suggested the opening price should start at infinity, say 1000 eth for 1 token, then gradually come down.  It ’s a nice idea which hasn ’t yet been fully tried, but the ecosystem is experimenting. Some think that experimentation should be halted and dinosaurs from the SEC  – who probably don ’t even know how emails work, maybe have some vague idea what a simple blockchain like bitcoin ’s is, and probably no clue whatever what ethereum ’s smart contracts are, let alone tokens  – should step in.  The suggestion is usually made by jealous bitcoiners, who cry freedom when heroin is bought on silk road, then cry criminals when innovative projects are funded by the free people.  That said, the ecosystem does face some difficult questions and contribution to the debate by experts, including lawyers, IPO experts, and yes even the SEC, is always welcomed, as long as it is along the lines of how the process could be made fairer.  Because while tokens do have similarities with many other things, like cars had similarities to horses or birds to airplanes, they are also a very new and different invention which we haven ’t really seen before.  Because they are code, code which may create new business models that could disrupt some industries, like advertising, as  BAT  aims to do by allowing individuals to opt-in towards seeing ads, get paid BATs in return, with some of it paid to publishers too, and the payment made by advertisers.  That is a potentially new  “better than free ” model, whereby not only are you given free content, but you are also rewarded for it. Of course, it might not work, but that ’s the process of innovation  – experimentation to see what does work.  That means our elders need to learn how to run first before they bring their hammer, because this space combines Silicon Valley ’s mantra of move fast and break things with that of Alibaba ’s  – move fast and let regulators catch-up.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Walmart Taps Blockchain Tech to Track Delivery Drones Twitter  Walmart has submitted a patent application to track delivery drones with the aid of the blockchain technology.  Submitted to the United States Patent  & Trademark Office (USPTO) on the 25 May, the application titled  Unmanned Aerial Delivery to Secure Location , is seeking to employ the use of the blockchain, which would track shipments.  In the application, it states:  In some embodiments, the delivery box may also include a delivery encryption system comprising a  blockchain  for package tracking and authentication. Package tracking by  blockchain  may include elements including but not limited to location, supply chain transition, authentication of the courier and customer, ambient temperature of the container, temperature of the product if available, acceptable thresholds for ambient temperature of the product, package contents placed in the container system (products  & goods), or a combination thereof.  The application reveals a diagram of Walmart ’s drone system:   Another section of the application adds:  In some embodiments, the  blockchain  associated with the contents placed in the delivery box dynamically adjusts to account for the cold chain status of an item for delivery to the delivery box. A process may begin with a product of the contents having a  blockchain  identifier. When the product ’s identifier is scanned at or by the delivery box, the delivery box may receive and process product specific information. The delivery boxy 1, or more specifically a computer processor, may then retrieve specific handling information (temperature, etc.) from either the product ’s  blockchain  or from a central server, which will provide a block of information related to the product ’s specific handling.  Walmart and Blockchain Technology  This is the latest development regarding Walmart and its interest in the blockchain.  In October, Walmart and multinational technology company IBM teamed up to  put Chinese pork on the distributed ledger , ensuring customer confidence in the food industry. It is hoped that by doing so, it will prevent food disasters such as those that have taken place in China. Namely, the 2008 toxic mixture of milk and infant formula combined with melamine, which killed six children, put thousands of others in hospital and sickened much more.  Furthermore, in November, the retail giant revealed that it was  undertaking a trial with the blockchain  technology to tackle food safety. Walmart are hoping to determine that with the use of the technology they can obtain the information they require such as the supplier, where the food is grown and who inspected it. If an outbreak occurs, they will then be able to determine where exactly the food came from, effectively removing the bad batches of food.  This move to track delivery drones with the blockchain further adds to the company ’s keeness to embrace the technology for a smooth running operation.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Court Denies Ross Ulbricht’s Life Sentence Appeal Twitter  The U.S. District Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit has denied  Ross Ulbricht’s  appeal of a life sentence for his role as the leader of the  Silk Road  online drug marketplace, according to a  court filing . Circuit judges did not agree with Ulbricht’s claims that the district court erred in denying his motion to suppress evidence, that the court denied him a right to a fair trial and denied his motion for a new trial, and that his sentence is procedurally and substantially unreasonable.  Silk Road, seized by the FBI in 2013, was considered the most sophisticated marketplace on the Internet. Attracting people because of the anonymity it provided its users, it sold fakes IDs, drugs, computer hacking tools, and other illegal items to people across the world.  Due to Silk Road’s concealment, it took undercover investigators years before they were able to discover that Ulbricht was the ringleader of Silk Road. He was sentenced to life in prison in 2015 for seven criminal charges with no chance of parole. He was also ordered to forfeit around $183 million.  Ulbricht Appeals  Ulbricht filed for a retrial, claiming the government did not follow due process.  The circuit judges wrote that the district court stated that general deterrence played an important role in the case since Silk Road is without serious precedent and generated a high amount of public interest. General deterrence, however, was only one element in the district court’s analysis.  In response to Ulbricht’s claim that life sentences are usually reserved for egregious violent crimes, making the sentence unreasonable, the judges wrote that the district court’s finding was not unreasonable. Each case has to be considered on its own facts, the judges wrote, which in this case included five attempted murders for hire.  The judges noted that the attempted murders for hire separate the case from that of ordinary drug dealers, and support the district court’s finding that Ulbricht was exceptionally destructive. The fact that he distanced himself from the violence by using a computer to order murders is not a mitigating argument.  The judges called the cruelty Ulbricht showed in his negotiations for the murders unnerving.  They also wrote that Ulbricht’s contention that the district court ignored letters sent on his behalf was false.  Also read:  Ross Ulbricht ’s lawyers claim unfair trial, hope for an appeal  Appeals court upholds sentence  The judges also rejected Ulbricht’s claim that the district court ignored his contention that Silk Road reduced the effects of drug crimes. The district court took full measure of Ulbricht’s claims that Silk Road reduced overdoses and violence associated with drug trafficking, but found them unconvincing.  The judges disagreed with Ulbricht’s claim that he was more similar to someone running a crack house than a drug kingpin since he created an online marketplace that others, not he, used to sell drugs. This argument, the judges wrote, understates the extent of Silk Road’s extensive presence, conducting $183 million in illegal drug sales.  The judges noted that the district court considered Ulbricht’s offense, his personal characteristics and the crimes’ context. The sentence, given the facts of the case, was within the range of permissible decisions.  A life sentence is the second severest penalty the justice system can impose, the judges wrote. In this case, the district court gave the sentence the extensive consideration required, reviewing sentencing submissions and weighing Ulbricht’s arguments.  Featured image from FreeRoss.org.  
INCREASE	   Russia Won’t See Bitcoin as Currency, Says Central Bank Chief Twitter  The head of the Central Bank of Russia has stated that bitcoin will not be considered a currency, amid plans toward regulating it as a ‘digital asset’.  Elvira Nabiullina, the governor of the Central Bank of Russia, has confirmed that the authority is looking into the possibility of regulating bitcoin. Earlier in April, Russia’s deputy finance minister Alexei Moiseev – having led the effort to  ban  and  criminalize  bitcoin activity in years past – claimed that the Russian state is now  looking at monitoring  bitcoin transactions. Such a move would require regulating the industry, with legislations drafted to this effect.  Toward the end of May, the central bank’s deputy chairwoman Olga Skorobogatova addressed the subject during a meeting in the Russian Parliament. She pointedly referred to bitcoin as a “digital commodity” which, along with other digital currencies circulating in Russia, would be subjected to regulations in taxes, monitoring and reporting.  Now, the central bank’s governor has revealed that the authority is “analyzing” the possibility of regulating the cryptocurrency, in an interview with  CNBC .  Not a Currency?  Before regulation, Nabiullina said that the central bank would first research and learn about the cryptocurrency, pointing to a need to “understand more about this internalization of bitcoin and our regulatory systems. ”  Still, she sees doubts and “risks” associated with digital currencies, or rather, digital assets.  “We have some doubts, we don’t see some huge benefits from introducing digital assets in our economy,” she told CNBC.  Markedly, she added:  We don’t consider that bitcoin can be considered as a virtual currency. It’s more digital assets with the regulation of assets.  Bitcoin Payments as a Currency are Coming  Russia’s central bank has some history in denying bitcoin to play the role of a currency. Earlier in February, the central bank blocked Ulmart, the largest e-retailer in the country, from accepting bitcoin as payments.  Ulmart chairman Dmitry Kostygin revealed in an interview:  We saw that there was demand [for bitcoin payments] from some of our customers and so we were considering that seriously. But then, as the central bank intervened, we wouldn’t lose our time [with the feature].  Ulmart – essentially the Russian counterpart of Amazon – has since brushed aside concerns and has  publicly announced  the retailer ’s plan to accept bitcoin as a method of payment alongside the fiat ruble from September 2017.  Blockchain Trials  For Nabiullina, there is far more of an appeal for the central bank in looking into blockchain technology.  “I think it ’s more important to understand (the) benefits of new technologies … like blockchain which is on the basis of bitcoin,” she stated.  Having  established a working group  to explore blockchain technology in early 2016, Russia’s central bank has since tested transactions on an Ethereum-based interbank blockchain prototype dubbed  Masterchain .  Earlier in May, an early draft of Russia’s digital economy program  revealed plans  toward regulating the blockchain industry in 2019. They may have to do so sooner, going by the predictions of the Herman Gref who is the chief executive of Russia’s largest bank, Sberbank. Gref, notably a bitcoin advocate and  bitcoiner  himself, sees blockchain technology to see  commercial applications  in Russia in 2019.  Featured images from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   BTCC Joins OKCoin to Resume Bitcoin Withdrawals in China; Trading Volumes Up Twitter  The months-long bitcoin withdrawal freeze in China is coming to an end, as major exchange BTCC resumes bitcoin withdrawals.  The new month brings with it reports of another prominent exchange lifting its withdrawal freeze. BTCChina has stated that it has begun “testing” bitcoins this week. In  joining OKCoin , that’s two of the ‘big three’ Chinese exchanges resuming withdrawals following regulatory scrutiny by the People’s Bank of China (PBOC).  China’s central bank began investigating trading and business practices of regional exchanges that drove what was then the world’s largest bitcoin trading market. It was nearly six months ago on January 6 when  PBoC officials met with BTCC  and followed it up with “ on-site checks ” of China’s biggest exchanges.  For its part, BTCC  claimed  it “regularly meets with the PBOC” to work in accordance of laws and regulations while adhering to “strict AML/KYC policies”. It wasn’t long before the financial regulator’s tightening squeeze was felt in the Chinese bitcoin ecosystem. Exchanges  stopped margin trading  completely and  enforced trading fees  in January alone.  Come February,  OKCoin and Huobi  paused bitcoin withdrawals, a temporary measure that was expected to last a month at the time. BTCC followed suit and  halted withdrawals  a week later. The freeze  continued through March , with BTCC stating that withdrawals would only resume after regulatory approval.  In mid-May, CCN  reported  that the months-long PBOC’s inspection of exchanges was coming to an end. Withdrawals were to be expected in June, with rumors of ‘punitive’ penalties to be imposed on bitcoin exchanges. Details of the punishments, if any, are currently unknown.  Prominent Chinese cryptocurrency news source cnLedger confirmed BTCC resuming withdrawals.  https://twitter.com/cnLedger/status/870092825148309504  The impact on Chinese markets has been telling. Having accounted for 10% of the world’s bitcoin trading early on Wednesday, news of OKCoin allowing withdrawals spurred investor activity to nearly 20% of the world’s trading volumes on the day.  On Thursday, following BTCC’s announcement, trading in Chinese markets is now at nearly 25% of the global market over a 24-hour period.   OKCoin, traditionally one of the world ’s largest bitcoin exchanges by trading volume is now making a comeback, as is BTCC.   It’s likely to be only a matter of time before Huobi, the other ‘big three’ Chinese exchange, follows suit.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitmain-Funded Mining Pool ViaBTC Launches Bitcoin  & Ethereum Exchange Twitter  ViaBTC, one of bitcoin’s largest mining pools, has launched a new CNY cryptocurrency exchange, enabling trading of Bitcoin and Ethereum for domestic users in China and global users alike.  In an announcement yesterday, ViaBTC has confirmed the launch of ViaBTC.cn, its cryptocurrency trading platform. At launch, the platform is offering fiat to Bitcoin and Ethereum-based trading pairs, namely CNY-BTC, CNY-ETH. The platform is also allowing trading between ETH and BTC for CNY as well as ETH/BTC.  The launch comes following a ¥20 million (approx $3 million) Series A funding round in March, led by bitcoin mining giant Bitmain.  Speaking to CCN  at the time, ViaBTC operating chief Sara Ouyang explained the company’s plans toward expanding its footprint in the cryptocurrency industry. She underlined mining and exchange operations as two important foundations of the industry, while adding: “We haven’t done a bad job in mining and believe the market for exchanges is big enough for us to multiple our users if we can do a  good job (as an exchange) too.”  While there are whispers in the community that ViaBTC is discreetly owned by Bitmain, Ouyang denied those rumors to state her company was “100% independent” in running itself and that Bitmain was only an investor.  She told CCN:  ViaBTC is not owned by Bitmain. They are just investing in our new (and promising) business. We are 100% independent in running our own company.  The launch of the exchange comes at a time when  OKCoin  and  BTCC , two of China’s ‘big three’ exchanges resuming bitcoin withdrawals, which is unlikely to be a coincidence as Chinese regulators complete their months-long inspection of regional exchanges.  Beyond domestic Chinese adopters and traders, the exchange is also welcoming global users to its trading platform with registration with verified identity (KYC) documents.  In the current regulatory climate enforced by the People’s Bank of China, the nation’s central bank, ViaBTC is allowing daily withdrawals up to 10 BTC and 1000 ETC.  At launch, ViaBTC is charging zero fees for withdrawals of BTC and ETH and a 3% fee for CNY withdrawals.  ViaBTC also claims its proprietary ‘high-speed matching engine’ to process a maximum of 10,000 transactions per second, as the Chinese market rebounds toward the top of the world’s largest trading markets.  Featured image of Bitcoin and Yuan banknote from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Britain ’s Largest Brokerage Will Offer a Bitcoin ETN Investment Twitter  Britain ’s biggest online trading platform, Hargreaves Lansdown, is to provide customers with the option to invest in Bitcoin by granting access through the form of an exchange-traded note (ETN).  The fund, which is provided by Swedish company, XBT Provider, is listed on NASDAQ ’s OMX. Retail investors will be able to access the digital currency through their Self-Invested Personal Pension (Sipp) and brokerage accounts.  XBT Provider manages Bitcoin Tracker One, which, when launched in 2015, became the first Bitcoin-based security on a regulated exchanged when it was listed on the NASDAQ/OMX in Stockholm. The Swedish company also manages Bitcoin Tracker Euro.  Yet, while XBT purchases certificates listed in U.S. dollars, that aim to track the price of Bitcoin, the ETN will be listed in the Swedish krona. As such British investors can expect to be exposed to two levels of currency risk.  In a report from British newspaper,  The Telegraph , XBT stated:  The value of and any amount payable under the certificates will be strongly affected by the performance of bitcoin and the US dollar/krona exchange rate. As such an investment in the certificates is likely to be highly volatile and thus risky.  Such a move by the online trading platform essentially opens the door for U.K. investors keen to add digital currencies to their investment portfolios.  Ryan Radloff, head of investor relations at XBT Provider, said in  Investment Week :  By adding self-service, online dealing, the team at Hargreaves Lansdown is providing U.K. investors with professional and quick access to the bitcoin space in the U.K. and greater Europe. This is very exciting for any investors who have been thinking about buying bitcoin, but did not want the hassle of security and regulation involved in buying bitcoin directly from exchanges.  The price of the digital currency has escalated since the start of the year, more than doubling from $1,000 on January 1 to trade over $2,400 today. Its all-time high, so far this year, was when it  reached $2,750  last month.  Predictions, though, for the currency could see it  reach $100,000 in 10 years . That ’s according to Saxo Bank analyst Kay Van Petersen, who was reported recently making his latest prediction. In December, 2016, he correctly  predicted that Bitcoin would reach $2,000 in 2017 , which it did last month.  This was due to an increase in Japanese investors embrace the digital currency after the country accepted it as a form of payment, helping to push demand and its price up.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Austrian Post Offices Sell Bitcoin, Ethereum and More For Cash Twitter  Post offices in Austria are offering bitcoin, Ethereum,  Litecoin  and Dash in exchange for cash through “bitpanda to go,” a startup that focuses on making the purchase of cryptocurrencies easy. Users can purchase 50 €, 100 € or 500€ worth of cryptocurrency from the Osterreichische Post branches.  The 1,800 post branches provide cryptocurrency purchasers a receipt that can be entered on bitpanda.com/togo. The website also posts the current exchange rate for the respective currency. There are no additional fees.  Users need a valid email address to set up an account. They select which cryptocurrency they want to purchase and enter a code. The selected amount is then transferred to the user’s wallet.  Fair Prices For Offline Purchases  Bitpanda, formerly known as Coinimal, seeks to provide fair prices for offline purchases of cryptocurrencies. The Österreichische Post AG allows bitpanda to offer the digital assets at cost. Hence, the fee structure by offline purchases via cash matches “online” options. This provides cryptocurrencies a more acceptable image in the minds of those who view Internet commerce less  favorably.  Bitpanda was founded as  Coinimal  in October 2014 by bitcoin enthusiasts who had experienced how hard it was to acquire bitcoin in the European Union. This deficiency in the market led to the idea of Coinimal.  A Versatile Platform  Last year,  Coinimal introduced a “sell” feature to enable users to convert ETH back to fiat as an easy way to buy and sell Ethereum  using a bank account. The process of buying and selling ETH can otherwise be time-consuming since most exchanges are either U.S.-based or primarily offer ETH-to-BTC trading. There are nine funding options and withdrawals using PayPal, NETELLER, Skrill or SEPA transfer.  Coinimal rebranded as bitpanda in 2016 and introduced its own bitcoin wallet. Last month, bitpanda built an Ethereum wallet into its platform. It has also added Litecoin and Dash.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Leading Banking Group Swissquote Partners Bitstamp to Add Bitcoin Trading Twitter  Swissquote, a leading European banking group, has partnered with cryptocurrency exchange  Bitstamp  to add bitcoin pairs to its online trading platform. Swissquote customers can now trade both BTC/EUR and BTC/USD, and the companies say they hope to expand their partnership in the future.  Bitstamp CEO Nejc Kodrič says the partnership is an important step toward integrating cryptocurrency into the mainstream financial sector while also maintaining regulatory compliance:  Our partnership with Swissquote represents a leap forward in terms of integrating bitcoin with the traditional financial industry….We are honoured to be working with such a prominent player. Our efforts to encourage compliant bitcoin trading continue to bear fruit, giving users greater confidence and strengthening the bitcoin industry generally. And the strong potential shown by digital currencies in their relatively short history has led to traditional financial markets looking for ways to get involved.  The Blockchain Goes Mainstream  Indeed, Swissquote’s adoption of bitcoin trading is indicative of a growing trend toward making bitcoin and blockchain-based technologies a mainstream component of the financial sector. Former Barclays CEO Antony Jenkins recently warned that banks who do not adopt blockchain technology  risk becoming irrelevant , and the banking industry seems to agree.  Private banks are  pouring money  into blockchain research, and many national banks have begun  issuing digital currency regulations –a de facto admission of their legality. China’s central bank worries that cryptocurrency adoption could lead to  economic collapse , but it has discreetly begun  researching digital currency  itself. India is considering legalizing digital currencies to assist its transition away from cash. There were even  rumors  that the Central Bank of Egypt (CBE) was considering allowing banks to recognize and handle bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, although CBE leaders have said those rumors are false.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   John McAfee Claims Bitcoin Will be Worth $500,000 in Three Years Twitter  John McAfee has made a bold state regarding bitcoin, claiming that each unit will be worth $500,000 in three years time.  As a cybersecurity and software pioneer, McAfee is a name known inside and outside of the digital currency space. Last year the former programmer for NASA stated that he got involved with the digital currency because it will eventually become  ‘ the standard for the world . ’  Now, though, in what may have been a marketing tactic designed to grab the community ’s attention, McAfee took to social media to predict what he thinks bitcoin ’s worth will be in three years time.  He then went so far as to predict that the currency could even reach as much as $2.6 million in the same time frame.   His comments no doubt may have left many baffled, but of course that may not have been his only motive for making such a bold claim. Those following his Twitter feed will have noticed that shortly after making the prediction on bitcoin ’s future price, he then proceeded to promote a new token, called simply, the McAfee Coin (MCF).  What is the MCF?  With the promise of  ‘turning investing upside down and inside out, ’ the MCF, which will have its own ICO token sale, claims to be designed to fund tech startups.  Through the McAfee Crowdchain Accelerator, which is based in China, it aims to get startups off the ground quickly  ‘by utilizing the best from numerous industries. ’  The website states that:  Bringing your passion, your knowledge, your insight and your coding skills, let ’s fundamentally change how investment decisions are made.  It adds:   We think hackers are most productive when they can spend most of their time hacking. Our goal is to create an environment where you can focus exclusively on getting an initial version built.  Selected group of graduates of the Accelerate programs will receive more funding from our own investment funds and other institutional investors around the world.   No doubt there will be much interest in McAfee ’s latest venture as it continues to develop and once the ICO starts.  Featured image from Flickr.  
INCREASE	   Egyptian Central Bank Shoots Down Bitcoin Adoption Rumor Twitter  The deputy governor of the Egypt’s central bank has squashed speculation of the Egyptian banks handling or dealing with bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies.  Catching fire across social media, the rumors suggested that the Central Bank of Egypt (CBE) was considering the possibility of allowing banks across the country to recognize and handle digital currencies like bitcoin. However, CBE deputy governor Lobna Helal has denied the speculation and subsequent reports.  In a statement to Arabian economics portal  Amwal Al Ghad  last month, Helal stated:  For stability of the Egyptian banking system, the banks deal with the official currencies only, and never deal with any virtual currencies.  Similar comments  were made by Gamal Negm, another deputy governor, pointing to a categoric refusal of accepting any digital currencies whilst only recognizing official currencies.  The officials’ statements come at a time where a number of countries around the world are trying to determine legal and regulatory frameworks for state-averse, decentralized digital currencies. Japan is a notable example of a country proactively introducing legislation to acknowledge and deem digital currencies like bitcoin as  a legal method of payment . Philippine’s central bank also  issued regulations  for bitcoin exchanges earlier this year, a move which fundamentally recognizes and legalizes bitcoin activity in the country.  Also noteworthy is Russia, which has – in the space of a year – changed stances from proposing imprisonment for bitcoin adopters to publicly talk about  regulating and legalizing  bitcoin and other digital currencies. India, a country rapidly switching over to cashless payments, is  also contemplating  a legal framework for digital currencies. If  recognized and regulated , bitcoin and other digital currencies will gain further momentum in adoption among a population of over a billion people.  Central Bank of Egypt image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Crypto Market Recovers after Weekend Crash Twitter  Bitcoin and Ethereum prices plunged more than 25-30% Sunday morning. Bitcoin alone lost some $10 billion in market cap due to the crash. However, Monday morning the markets recovered 30-40%. Meanwhile, concerns regarding a potential hard fork on the Bitcoin blockchain platform linger. On August 1st, Bitcoin improvement proposal 148 (BIP148), which is intended to allow the Bitco in network to scale more efficiently, is scheduled to be activated. However, if the majority of developers don’t agree on the proposal, Bitcoin could split into two, or more, separate cryptocurrencies. As of today, about 43% of bitcoin’s mining power is signaling for the change.  Ethereum has been making an exponential comeback after the crash seen over the weekend. The digital currency tumbled about 25% to a low of $149.6 per Ether, but has recovered since, and is currently trading around $190.  In total ethereum was down 60 percent at it’s lowest point, from its record high of over $400. The currency has had a remarkable year, after an exponential rise to $410 in June.  Hacker Steals $7 Million Worth of Ethereum  During the ICO (Initial Coin Offering) for CoinDash – an unknown hacker took over the company’s official website three minutes after its launch and modified the Ethereum wallet address for an hour, according to CoinDash’s official statement. Over the course of the hour, the ICO generated around 43,000 Ethereum ($7.8 million).  In their statement, CoinDash has agreed to issue tokens to almost all the investors who sent money to the hacker’s wallet: “CoinDash is responsible to all of its contributors and will send CDTs [CoinDash Tokens] reflective of each contribution. Contributors that sent ETH to the fraudulent Ethereum address, which was maliciously placed on our website, and sent ETH to the CoinDas h.io official address will receive their CDT tokens accordingly. Transactions sent to any fraudulent address after our website was shut down will not be compensated.”  This article was first posted on  Etoro.com/blog , a Premium Trading Partner.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Chain Split  & Hard Fork Not Likely, Miners Agree on Segwit Twitter  Miners, the development community and businesses have finally agreed on a scaling solution. Over 63 percent of bitcoin’s hash power is now signaling for the activation of Bitcoin Improvement Proposal (BIP) 91 or Segwit.   Since early July, traders and investors have panicked due to the possibility of a potential hard fork execution and chain split, an event in which the bitcoin blockchain splits into two and creates two bitcoins.   However, since then, the scaling debate has seen significant progress, mostly because of the pressure of the community’s user activated soft fork (UASF) proposal and Barry Silbert-led Digital Currency Group’s Segwit2x proposal.  The general consensus amongst the community and industry in regard to the codebase of Segwit2x was that it was not ready for activation, production and implementation. It lacked testing and the timeline was highly unrealistic. As a result, the mining community has agreed on activating BIP 91, a solution created by James Hilliard.  BIP, also known as the “Reduced threshold Segwit MASF,” is very similar to the original Segwit Bitcoin Improvement Proposal. The difference is that it allows miners to activate Segwit with a majority threshold that is lower than 95 percent.  The motivation of the BIP 91 was that the redeployment of Segwit will require significant testing and will ultimately delay the activation of Segwit, which is a viable and practical solution to many existing problems.  “This BIP provides a way for a simple majority of miners to coordinate activation of the existing segwit deployment with less than 95% hashpower. For a number of reasons a complete redeployment of segwit is difficult to do until the existing deployment expires,” the BIP 91 proposal  read.  Like Segwit2x, BIP 91 allows miners to activate Segwit with a 80 percent majority threshold. At the moment, hash power signaling BIP 91 is at 63.2 percent.   But, the more important aspect of the hash power signaling BIP 91 is that Bitmain’s Antpool, Bitcoin.com and BTC.com, which were all against Segwit, are signaling for Segwit. Miners are now convinced and motivated to activate Segwit as a short-term scaling solution and work towards a new scaling solution in the future with sufficient time to test new software and codebase.  Experts including Blockstack co-founder Ryan Shea also emphasized that Segwit is like a  “Swiss Army Knife ” of a solution because it fixes most of the problems bitcoin and bitcoin-based platforms are currently struggling to deal with.  “Anyway, “Segregated Witness” or “SegWit” is a Swiss army knife in terms of benefits. It leads to improvements on so many levels it’s actually surprising. It’s really, really good. So good that it’s worth listing out all of the benefits. It fixes the substantial transaction malleability problem once and for all, enabling second-layer scaling solutions like Lightning. It 1.7x’s the # of single-signature transactions per block and up to 3.7x’s the # of multi-signature transactions per block. ”  said  Shea.  Bitmain and other mining pools previously introduced their intention to hard fork the bitcoin network and create a new persistent blockchain network. However, it has become evident that a hard fork will not be executed and a new blockchain network will not be created because Bitmain and the rest of the mining community have agreed to the activation of Segwit via BIP 91.  Unlike BIP 141, the original Segwit proposal, BIP 91 does not have an established due date. Hence, Segwit can be activated as soon as the majority hash power hits 80 percent. The hash power supporting BIP 91 increased from nearly zero to 63 percent within days. The possibility of hash power signaling BIP 91 increasing to 80 percent within this week is exceptionally high.  The market has already started to react to the mining community’s move to BIP 91. Bitcoin price has increased from $1850 to $2230 within 2 days.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum, Bitcoin Prices Surge as Market Springs Back to Life Twitter  The  crypto comeback  continued on Tuesday, adding about $12 billion to the total value of all cryptocurrencies. The bitcoin price led the charge, rallying 15% for the day. Ethereum, meanwhile, posted even more impressive gains; it surged by more than 20% to $200. Altogether, 14 of the top 15 coins experienced double-digit percentage price increases as the total cryptocurrency market cap swung back  above the $80 billion mark.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  At present, the total value of all cryptocurrencies is about $82 billion, nearly identical to where it was a week ago. Significantly, this represents a $22 billion increase since Sunday.  Cryptocurrency Market Cap Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Recovers From Dip  Earlier in July, the bitcoin price fell below the  psychologically-important  $2,500 milestone amidst uncertainty regarding network scaling proposals, setting off a downward trend that brought bitcoin as low as $1,843 on July 16. Since then, miners appear to have  agreed on Segwit  as a short-term solution, reducing the likelihood of a chain split and restoring investor confidence. Consequently, the bitcoin price has leaped out its rut, rising nearly 15% in the past day alone. Since Sunday ’s low, the bitcoin price has risen by an astounding $492, rewarding investors who bought into the dip. Bitcoin ’s market cap has now increased to $38.4 billion.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Ethereum Price Fights Back to $200  The ethereum price finally appears to have  reached its stable floor , restoring certainty to the market following ethereum ’s recent bull run and subsequent sell-off. On Tuesday, the ethereum price rose by more than 20%, edging past the $200 threshold to its current value of $202. Ethereum has now returned to where it was at before last week ’s skid, giving it a market cap of about $18.9 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The Great (Altcoin)Procession  The altcoin markets were a bloodbath last week, so they reaped significant benefits from Tuesday ’s rally. Litecoin was the only top 15 coin to rise less than 10%, and more than half of the top 15 coins have now posted positive 7-day returns.  Altcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The Ripple price led the advance, posting a 21% gain and bringing its market cap within striking distance of $7 billion.  Ripple Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The litecoin price was not as fortunate as other top altcoins, but it still rose a respectable 5.8% to about $44. Ethereum Classic, Dash, Monero, EOS, BitConnect, Zcash, and AntShares all saw 10% or better gains, but the real standouts were NEM, IOTA, Stratis, and Veritaseum.  The NEM Price increased 23%, restoring it to the $1 billion market cap club. The Stratis price rose 47% to $4.62, earning it the 10th place spot in the rankings. Veritaseum is equally as impressive, rising 49% to $195, although Stratis ’ gain prevented it from cracking the top 10.  The IOTA price, meanwhile, is on an absolute tear. Yesterday, it rose 48%, which it followed up with a 24% gain today. The IOTA price is now about $0.30.  IOTA Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  IOTA ’s rebound comes amid several positive announcements. The platform has recently formed researched partnerships with prominent  healthcare providers  and  universities  to develop blockchain-based Internet of Things solutions.  Bitcoin Dominance Begins to Taper  Bitcoin dominance has begun to taper since it briefly crossed 50% on Sunday. Bitcoin currently boasts a 46.8% market share, a slight decrease from Monday.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Ethereum ’s market share held steady at 22.8%, while litecoin ’s has fallen below 3% to 2.8%. The real winner today was Ripple, whose market cap share increased almost 1% to 8.4%.   
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Bounces Beyond $2,350 as Split Scare Fears Fall Twitter  Following the weekend’s lows, bitcoin has made a sharp recovery on Tuesday as concerns over a hardfork or split of the bitcoin blockchain simmer down.  Bitcoin price is now extending its rally from the recent 60-day low to hit a global average high above $2,350.   With  over 65%  of bitcoin’s hashing power now signaling for the activation of Segwit, a solution for the long-standing scaling debate engulfing the bitcoin community, bitcoin prices are now firmly on the rise. Miners were not expected to start signaling their intentions for the Segwit2x scaling proposal until July 21, in the lead-up to a vote that’s to occur on August 1.  If support for the upgrade reaches the required threshold of 80% for adoption, the consensus will see bitcoin avoid a network split. Digital currency exchanges like  GDAX  and  OKCoin  are among a number of others planning to suspend bitcoin trading in the event of a split of the blockchain. However, such has been traders’ renewed confidence in bitcoin in light of the progress toward a scaling solution that bitcoin price has climbed another 10% on Tuesday, on top of the 20% gained on Monday  amid a wider crypto comeback .  After hitting a low of $1,830 this Sunday on the Bitstamp price index (BPI), bitcoin prices railed to hit a high near $2,100 on Monday to scale a high of $2,356 near 15:00 UTC. Prices are still climbing at press time.   “Traders are excited by the prospect of a resolution to the scaling debate, which is why the price has rallied,” Thomas Glucksmann, head of marketing at Hong Kong-based bitcoin exchange Gatecoin told  Bloomberg .  While US markets are leading with nearly a third of the global trading, the Japanese market witnessed over 20% of the world’s traded bitcoins in a 24-hour period.   Taking a proactive lead in setting a possible precedent for governments’ stance on digital currencies, Japanese law now recognizes bitcoin as a  legal method of payment . The recognition has gone mainstream, with an  estimated 300,000 Japanese storefronts  expected to be equipped to accept bitcoin payments this year alone.  Despite the recent losses, bitcoin is up 235% since the turn of the year. In adding to the positive turn, the looming possibility of a Segwit upgrade could also result in increasing bitcoin’s throughput through technologies like the Lightning Network with near-instant transactions.  For a real-time bitcoin price chart, click  here .  Charts from Bitcoin Wisdom and BraveNewCoin. Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   North Korean Hackers Targeted Bitcoin Exchange with Cyberattacks: Report  Twitter  State-sponsored North Korean hackers have been accused of targeting South Korean bitcoin exchanges with cyberattacks and hacking attempts by a South Korean official.  According to a report in  Radio Free Asia  (RFA), a non-profit news Eastern Asian news agency, at least one or two domestic bitcoin and digital currency exchanges were the target of an attempted hacking by the country’s neighbors to the north. Leading the accusation is Simon Choi, an official of South Korea’s Cyber Warfare Intelligence Center (CWIC).  The hacking attacks included phishing attempts, according to Choi, who claimed that malware-laden emails were sent to targeted firms in the country. The emails would frequently see its senders’ purported claims of representing a South Korean government entity in an attempt to garner trust from a victim. The malware attached to these emails had the footprint of viruses originati ng from North Korea, according to the CWIC.  Bitcoin = Safe Haven Foreign Reserve?  As to why North Korean hackers are attempting to hack digital currency exchanges, Professor Lim Jong-in of the Graduate School of Information Security at Korean University has a theory. “[Y]ou can conceal the identity of the virtual money owner…while securing a new source of foreign currency,” the academic told RFA.  Earlier this year, a South Korean cybersecurity firm claimed that North Korean hackers stole bitcoin  worth 100 million won, approx. $90,000 , every month between 2013-2015. The theft, they claim, was to increase their reserves of hard or safe haven currency.  Choi also revealed that hacking attacks from the north also targeted blockchain startups, beyond bitcoin exchanges.  It was “not only one or two exchanges where attack attempts have been made,” claimed CWIC’s Simon Choi, before adding:  Startups that use blockchain, financial technology sector companies as well as others, may have been the target.  The hacking claim comes in the months following  a significant data breach  suffered by South Korea’s largest bitcoin and Ethereum exchange, Bithumb. The personal data belonging to an estimated 31,000 users were leaked due to voice phishing. According to one report, the stolen data was used to steal “hundreds of millions of won” that were withdrawn from Bithumb user accounts.  Korean authorities launched an investigation into the breach and the exchange has since offered a compensation of 100,000 won ($86) to all users impacted by the breach.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitwala Refuses to Follow SegWit2x Fork without Core Dev Support Twitter  Blockchain banking and payment platform  Bitwala  has rescinded its support for the  New York Agreement  and says it will not “fork away” from the Bitcoin Core-backed blockchain if a blockchain split occurs in November.  Bitwala Rescinds NYA Support  In a  blog post  meant to clarify its stance on SegWit2x, the Berlin-based company stated that as an early signatory to the New York Agreement they did not realize Bitcoin Core would oppose it so vociferously.   We would like to honor the agreement that we subscribed to (as one of the first movers, unbeknownst to the fact that most developers would not enter the agreement). We also, however, are a service company that has and will always follow what our customers use and want to use.  ‘Bitcoin’ Is the Version Supported by Core  SegWit2x supporters and opponents have become  entrenched  in their positions, and they are unlikely to reach a compromise before the SegWit2x hard fork in November. Consequently, it is probable that the bitcoin blockchain will split into two versions: the original, Core-supported chain and the chain created by the implementation of btc1. Unlike the bitcoin cash  hard fork  on August 1, both chains will claim to be the  “real bitcoin. ”  Acknowledging the likelihood of a chain split, Bitwala clarified that they consider the chain backed by the current Core development team to be “bitcoin” and that they will not fork away from this chain as long as Core opposes it.   We will not actively fork away from what we view as “bitcoin”, which is the chain that is supported by the current Core dev team.  This is a very different stance from U.S.-based BitPay, which was recently  accused  of using deceptive tactics to convince users to download a SegWit2x node.  However, Bitwala urged developers to find a way to address the concerns of other NYA signatories and stated that they would consider SegWit2x the “de-facto Bitcoin” if the Core developers change their minds and decide to adopt the scaling proposal.  Should the Bitcoin developers come to the conclusion to follow the SegWit2x agreement, that chain will be considered the de-facto Bitcoin by Bitwala.  Yours Moves ‘Full On-Chain’ to Bitcoin Cash  Bitwala was not the only NYA signatory to rescind support this week. Ryan X. Charles, CEO of Yours, announced that the platform was moving to the bitcoin cash blockchain for its beta launch.   1. Yesterday we decided go to full on-chain BCC.  — Ryan X. Charles (@ryanxcharles)  August 22, 2017   Yours had recently decided to launch on litecoin due to bitcoin’s increasingly-excessive fees (which would render micropayments on the platform impractical), but they ultimately chose to move to bitcoin cash since Charles  says  it has a “greater chance [than bitcoin] to achieve the vision I signed up for.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   OneCoin Labelled Pyramid Scheme, Fined €2.6 Million in Italy Twitter  An Italian consumer watchdog has sanctioned a number of companies for using pyramid sales tactics in promoting OneCoin, a purported digital currency scheme widely seen as a scam.  The Italian AntiTrust Authority (IAA) has imposed a fine of € 2,595,000 on a group of companies promoting the purchase of OneCoin. The companies are accused of providing incorrect information about the product to consumers, with their sales system having characteristics of ‘pyramidal features’  according  to the IAA.  Specifically, the sanctions are enforced against One Life Network Ltd and its companies as well as the registrants of a number of domain names including onecoinsuedtirol.it, onecoinitaliaofficial.it, onecoinitalia.com. The misleading promotional activity was to sell training packages where investors were promised virtual ‘OneCoins’ through cryptocurrency mining. As  reported  earlier, OneCoin has been accused of not being a cryptocurrency at all, in using and SQL script instead of a blockchain to generate coins.  “[T]he purchase of the €27,530 package would have allowed a value of €3,000,000 after just two years of joining the program,” the authority wrote, underlining One Life’s business proposal as a “false high-profit prospect.”  The Italian consumer authority also revealed details of its investigation into the operative ways of OneCoin, stating:  OneCoin ’s dissemination took place through a pyramid sales system as recruitment of new consumers was the sole purpose of sales activity and was strongly encouraged by the recognition of various bonuses, the only real and effective remuneration of the program. The purchase of the training kit in fact concealed the entry fee required to enter the system and convince other consumers of  the goodness of the product.  “In fact, the OneCoin cryptocurrency, which was not possible to verify existence and consistency, was the pretext for a system that exclusively aimed at (and was supported through) the inclusion of other consumers,” the IAA added, tellingly.  Italy joins a growing list of countries in Europe and around the world to crackdown on OneCoin. In India, police have identified and  arrested  30 OneCoin promoters since April with charges filed against 22 individuals. The alleged pyramid scheme, which has raked in some $12 million from investors in the country, was  firmly classified as a ponzi scheme  by an Indian police official last month.  In Finland, law enforcement authorities have  launched an investigation  into OneCoin this month after receiving a number of complaints from private individuals and tax authorities.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Why Did Litecoin Hit $50 For the First Time in August? Twitter  Litecoin price surpassed the $50 mark for the first time in August due to two major factors: compatibility with bitcoin as a result of Segregated Witness (SegWit) activation and its hedge-like characteristics to Bitcoin Cash (BCH).  On August 21, Cryptocoinsnews reported that prominent bitcoin analyst and investor Tuur Demeester described Litecoin as a real bitcoin hedge because of its SegWit-enabled network and transactions. He explained that the sell-off of BCH was likely to cause Litecoin price to surge.  “If BCH pump fails, money could roll into LTC, it being a real Bitcoin (BTC) hedge. I just invested some BCH profits into LTC. With real ‘Bitcoin hedge’ I mean [that] Litecoin has SegWit and it will likely merge other cutting edge tech ahead of BTC,” Demeester  said  at the time.  Although it is difficult to wholly attribute the surge in Litecoin price to the recent sell-off of BCH, the timeline matched the analysis of Demeester. During the week when BCH fell from over $1,000 to $640, Litecoin price achieved new all-time highs, breaking through the $50 mark for the first time since July.   It is likely that the sell-off of BCH attracted investors in South Korea and China because they have been BCH’s two largest markets and the demand for Litecoin has been increasing at a rapid rate in both markets. Upon the short-term sell-off of BCH, investors moved to Litecoin, Ethereum and bitcoin in the Chinese and South Korean markets.    Another major factor that has led to a short-term surge in Litecoin price is the activation of SegWit in the Bitcoin network. The Bitcoin Core development team’s SegWit, which works a transaction malleability fix and scaling solution, was adopted by Litecoin in July and the integration of SegWit by Litecoin ultimately encouraged the bitcoin industry and community to integrate SegWit in the main bitcoin network.  With SegWit live in both Litecoin and Bitcoin networks, cross-network swaps can be made possible through cross-blockchain channels. Charlie Lee, the creator of Litecoin, and the development team behind Lightning, a SegWit-based bitcoin micropayments solution, emphasized the importance of a Litecoin-to-Bitcoin Segwit-enabled transaction swaps in recent statements.  “Version 0.3 of LND added a Litecoin operating mode as a step towards multi-chain Lightning Network for cross-chain atomic swaps. I ’m working with [Litecoin Foundation Directors] Xinxi Wang and Franklyn Richards today to test out Lightning on Litecoin mainnet. Any real litecoins lost will be worth it,” Lee  said .  More to that, the official update release of Lightning Network version 0.3 revealed that swaps between Litecoin and bitcoin will be facilitated at ease, allowing cross-network swaps seamlessly.  “In this release, we ’ve added support for a toggle-able Litecoin chain and wallet backend. This means that lnd is now capable for easily switching back and forth between the Bitcoin and Litecoin chains. This is very exciting as the code scaffolding put in place to make this switch seamless also lays some important groundwork for the multi-chain lnd operating mode that is under development,” the document  read.  Litecoin’s cross-network connection with bitcoin, a $72 billion blockchain network, is playing a vital role in sustaining the upward momentum of Litecoin price.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Targets $4,400 Despite Dipping Hashrate Twitter  Despite the hopes of some investors, the market had already priced in SegWit activation, so the bitcoin price  remained mostly stable  yesterday following the protocol upgrade ’s deployment. However, the bitcoin price began to climb on Thursday, and despite a dipping hashrate, it appears bitcoin has $4,400 in its sights.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin ’s progress, combined with slight bumps to the bitcoin cash and ethereum prices, hoisted the total value of all cryptocurrencies to $155.3 billion, a new all-time high.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Targets $4,400  Since briefly  dropping to $3,675  on August 22, the bitcoin price has strung together a three-day advance. That rally continued on Friday, as the bitcoin price rose 4% to $4,360. Bitcoin is now approaching $4,400 and is only $110 from surpassing its current CoinMarketCap record of $4,470. Bitcoin now has a $72 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin is approaching record levels even as it deals with wild fluctuations in its network hashrate. This network volitility stems from miners moving back and forth from bitcoin to bitcoin cash to mine the most profitable blockchain.  Combined BTC and BCH Hashrate | Chart from Fork.lol  Since the bitcoin cash network has the ability to frequently adjust mining difficulty, mining pools move their hashpower there when it is profitable to mine, and then quickly switch back to bitcoin when BCH difficulty increases. At present, bitcoin cash is about 14% more profitable, which is moving the two hashrates closer to parity.  Ethereum Price Inches Past $330  The ethereum price continued its leisurely latter-week climb, rising another 2% to $332. This increased its market cap to $31.3 billion, although its daily trading volume has tapered below $1 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Cash Price Holds Above $660  Like ethereum, bitcoin cash volume has plummeted this week, mostly because Korean traders have moved on to other coins, such as  Monero  and  Ripple . However, the bitcoin cash price has demonstrated that it has support above the $600 threshold. That pattern continued on Friday, as the bitcoin cash price recovered from a Thursday evening dip to return a 24-hour gain of 2%. At present, the bitcoin cash price is $665, resulting in a market cap of $11 billion.  Bitcoin Cash Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Ripple Price Gets Clobbered  Few top-tier altcoins saw significant movement on Friday, but there was one major exception. Ripple, the cryptocurrency with the fourth-largest market cap,  plunged by 20%  after rumors that it would make a major announcement regarding an Asia partnership did not pan out. The ripple price is still significantly higher than it was before this week ’s rapid climb, but it has been reduced by nearly one-third since peaking at $0.30 earlier in the week.  Altcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The litecoin price also receded, declining 2% after crossing $50 for the first time in August. IOTA and NEM each rose about 4%, maintaining the $40 million distance between their two market caps. NEO and ethereum classic, on the other hand, each declined about 1.5%.  Dash and Monero, the two largest anonymity-centric altcoins, rose 6% and 14%, respectively. Both have seen significant movement this week, which is likely partially-related to the revelation that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service has been using transaction-tracing software since 2015 to  unmask bitcoin users  they suspect of tax evasion.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ICOs, the New Investment Tool in Venture Funds ’ Chest Twitter  While the industry observers theorize whether initial coin offerings will kill off the entire industry of venture funding, two venture funds, Blockchain Capital and Starta Capital, have already raised money using precisely that method. And yet another fund will follow suit soon. It ’s entirely possible that these few sparks presage a new hot trend in the VC industry  – using ICOs to fill up the investment funds themselves.  It was last year when talk of the new, serious threat to the existence of venture funds as such emerged among the insiders. According to the industry figures, during the first half of this year the nascent blockchain businesses raised more capital in ICOs than in traditional venture funding: $327M vs. $295M. The trend has accelerated in the second quarter, catching many by surp rise  – no one saw this coming last year.  Positive Experience  It is looking like the venture funds are paying increased attention to blockchain and are seeking a way to exploit the new opportunities. The first signs came in April: Blockchain Capital which is very well known for its investments in the area has launched an ICO-fueled fund, based on the technology of smart contracts by Ethereum. Despite the initial plan to spend a month rais ing funds, the entire $10M came in just about 6 hours. Thus, the VC firm is putting its money where its mouth is, doubling down on the core idea of blockchain and simultaneously inviting a somewhat wider circle of stakeholders to feast on it.   The fund ’s founders expect the new mechanism to become the future of venture capitalism, offering access to higher returns to just about anybody. In this case, however, only certain accredited investors from the US were allowed to join in.   Unlike ICOs by little-known startups, Blockchain Capital ’s new product offers a much clearer path to profits, taking into account the highly qualified team of experienced managers at the helm. The fund provides an added layer of protection, committing to buybacks in case the tokens fall below the net assets. Industry experts have dubbed this move a revolution in venture funding, and Bitcoin Foundation ’s chairman Brock Pierce expressed confidence in the long-term transformative potential of the new technology.  “It is a well-balanced deal that protects the interests of both the shareholders and the fund. Besides, it has been achieved in full compliance with the current regulatory framework, unlike many other ICOs that are done in a legal vacuum ”, notes Julian Zegelman, a partner at the Valley-based Velton Zegelman law firm and advisor to The Token Fund.  The lead was soon followed by Starta, a Russian-American accelerator. It launched an ICO for a diversified portfolio of tech startups, expecting to raise at least $1.5M but ending up with over $5M in just 16 hours. According to Starta, the new mechanism bridges the access gap between regular and venture investors. When the clock strikes the exit hour, the fund will buy back the  tokens at their new price.  “It shows there are people out there with large quantities of cryptocurrency on their hands, willing to diversify their investment strategy between the tokens of businesses and those of professionally managed venture funds, ” says Zegelman.  Managers at Homebrew fund haven ’t joined the party yet but said they ’re considering the option.  “We intend to raise capital for our next fund using ICO, ” said Satya Patel, co-founder and partner at Homebrew, at CB Insights  “Future of Fintech. ” The fund is well-versed in the field: fintech startups amount to about 1/4 of its current portfolio. But Patel does not think that ICOs will displace traditional venture funding because the latter entails more human contact between the investors and the team. He cites a few cases where startups raised money using both ICO and traditional funding: Kik, Civic, and Brave.   Prospects for VC  ICOs offer a number of advantages over other financing instruments because coin offerings vastly expand mutual access between promising nascent businesses and a wider crop of investors.  Another great benefit for startups is minimal regulatory hurdle involved. However, this in turns complicates things for the funds whose structure and capital raising procedures have not changed for the past 40 years. Stakeholders of venture funds are often large, conservative structures that want legally binding safeguards that are yet unavailable in case of ICOs due to lack of  appropriate regulatory framework.   Moreover, ICOs allow funds and businesses to raise only a limited amount of money which is a non-starter for major VC firms. The market is still reeling from Tezos raising a whopping $232M in an ICO, but for now, this is more of an exception. A more curbed, realistic expectations for a startup or a fund would be around $30M, but this pales in comparison with major funds like Se quoia raising around $1B in traditional ways.  “For now, I see no way to raise even $500M in an ICO ”, laments Zegelman.  ICO isn ’t a silver bullet, but the number of funds raising capital in this way will continue to grow. We expect more and more VCs jumping onboard the coin train to attract the attention of investors. At the same time, the trend may soon enough claim a few victims unable to compete in the new crowdfunding environment. However, most funds are playing it cool, preferring to wait and see  what happens and what regulators say before making any bold moves to change their proven ways.  This article is penned by Vladimir Smerkis, an entrepreneur and private investor in blockchain  startups  of early stages.  Smerkis  is also the co-founder of a crypto-assets fund  The Token Fund . He was formerly deputy Vice-President for international development at the Mail.ru Group, a major European internet company.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Monero Price Just Pierced $100: Here ’s What ’s Fueling This Record Rally Twitter  The Monero price set a new record on Friday, piercing the $100 threshold for the first time in its three-year history. This marked another important milestone for privacy-centric Monero, which has been on a  year-long bull run  that began when the now-defunct darknet market AlphaBay began accepting it as payment in August 2016.  1-Year XMR Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Like all coins, XMR has benefited from the general upswing in the markets, but it has also managed to increase its value against bitcoin, its largest trading pair  One year ago, the Monero price was just $4.10. It broke  $10 in December and had doubled to $20 by March. When the markets began to go wild in April, May, and June, the XMR price punched through $50. The market downturn forced the Monero price down to the mid-$30s in July, but August has brought a resurgence.  During the month ’s first three weeks, Monero mostly tracked the wider market movement, rising to $54 on August 21. However, it broke from the pack on August 21,  spiking above $90  in less than 24 hours.  Bithumb Listing Raises Monero Price to $100  7-Day XMR Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The primary factor influencing this rapid advance was the announcement that Bithumb, the world ’s highest-volume cryptocurrency exchange, had decided to list Monero to its platform. This move will enable Monero to break into the lucrative South Korean markets and gives XMR its first KRW trading pair.  On August 25, Bithumb  began accepting  XMR deposits, and the Monero price jumped to a new all-time high of $101.  Other Factors  The primary factor influencing XMR price movement is the Bithumb listing, but there have been two other factors that could be buttressing the coin ’s rally. First, the Hong Kong-based LocalMonero.co launched to provide the community with a peer-to-peer exchange platform similar to LocalBitcoins.com.  Second, news broke this week that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service has been contracting with a blockchain analysis firm since 2015 to  track and unmask U.S. residents  who they believe are not paying taxes on bitcoin-related income or are using bitcoin to hide assets from the government. News like this could drive the privacy-conscious toward anonymity-centric altcoins such as Monero, Dash, and Zcash.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Russia’s First Deputy PM Supports a State Cryptocurrency Twitter  A major Russian politician has called for a Russian state cryptocurrency, revealing himself to be a supporter of the “crypto-ruble.”  In an interview with Russian publication  RBC , Igor Shuvalov, Russia’s First Deputy Prime Minister spoke of his support for cryptocurrencies. The senior official specifically called for the creation of a “crypto-ruble”, a state-backed cryptocurrency that would, according to him, make the Russian economy stronger.  In roughly translated statements, Shuvalov stated:  I am a supporter, a crypto-ruble must exist…This theme will develop. But it should develop in such a way that the national economy cannot be put under attack, but rather make it stronger.  The Russian official’s comments come with months of the notable revelation that Russia’s central bank is already  working on a national digital currency . Earlier in June, deputy chairwoman at Russia’s central bank Olga Skorobogatova claimed it was only a matter of time before countries adopted national digital currencies, whilst adding that Russia was working on certain pilot projects of its own.  Russia: A Bitcoin Mining Hub?  Intriguingly, Shuvalov also revealed that the Russian government had discussed the possibility of installing and operating mining centers at a state level. While there are no concrete projects yet  – due to a lack of legislation and regulation of bitcoin and cryptocurrencies – Shuvalov confirmed that prospective locations were sought in regions with an abundance of energy resources. Bitcoin mining is an energy intensive process where profits are gained when the mining rewards exceed the cost of mining resources and electricity costs.  Shuvalov told RBC:  We talked about the future of this sector, given that it is developing so rapidly in the world. Talks included the question of generetocs of electric energy, near which it would be possible to put such [mining] centers.  These developments come within a year of Russian authorities proposing criminal penalties on bitcoin adopters and miners. In March 2016, the Russian Finance Ministry sought to push a controversial bitcoin ban bill which enforced  prison sentences up to 7 years  for bitcoin adopters.  After spearing the effort to ban bitcoin  since 2014 , Russia’s deputy finance minister Alexei Moiseev admitted this year that the government may  seek to regulate  the bitcoin industry in 2018. Such a move would, in effect, recognize and legalize bitcoin in the country.  In recent months, Russia’s largest online retailer announced plans to  accept bitcoin  for payments. Russia’s official standards authority has also begun work on  developing blockchain standards , ahead of  regulations  expected to be established in 2019.  Featured image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Ripple Opens Shop in India, the World’s Largest Remittance Receiver Twitter  Major FinTech payments firm Ripple is expanding to India with a new office in the country’s business capital, Mumbai.  San Francisco-based Ripple has always been about introducing banks to blockchain technology in order to facilitate instant global money transfers. In sticking to those goals, the prominent venture-backed FinTech startup is now opening an office in India, a major developing economy that is undergoing a transformation into a digital society.  In an  announcement  today, Ripple revealed details of its expansion into India with a new office in the city of Mumbai. Former banking executive Navin Gupta will lead operations in the country, with multiple decades of experience in global banks including HSBC and Citibank.  In statements, Gupta noted:  India is the largest recipient of corporate and retail remittances worldwide, totaling close to $71 billion…Ripple’s instant, cost-effective blockchain-powered payments can be a transformative component of India’s economy, helping bring the many who have limited access to payments services into the fold.  India is undergoing an unprecedented digitization in finance following  a cash ban  that rendered nearly 90% of banknotes obsolete overnight in November last year. Under the ‘Digital India’ programme, the country’s ruling government at the center announced the ‘ Cashless India ’ initiative to help the country’s society embrace digital payments, banking and finance while moving away from cash.  In 2012, Ripple developed the Ripple Consensus Ledger (RCL), an enterprise-ready public blockchain geared specifically for banks and financial institutions to process cross-border payments. Ripple’s native XRP token powers the RCL and is currently valued at  a market cap of $8.5 billion . In May, Ripple  unveiled a strategy  to make its blockchain ‘more secure, efficient and decentralized’ than bitcoin. To improve the XRP token’s liquidity, Ripple  committed  to placing 55 billion XRP in escrow by the end this year.  Ripple’s solutions have already been implemented by two Indian private banks – Axis Bank and Yes Bank. As  reported  earlier, Axis Bank initially trialed Ripple’s blockchain for money transfers in late 2016. Earlier this year, Axis revealed it was working on incorporating the technology to cross-border remittances.  “Given its status as the fastest-growing major economy in the world and the top market for remittances, India is a very important market that is ripe for payments innovation,” stated Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse at the time.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   British Baroness Reveals $325 Million Luxury Bitcoin Condo Complex Twitter  Two prominent British entrepreneurs –one of whom is a member of the U.K. House of Lords –have announced the development of a crypto-friendly $325 million condo complex. Investors will be able to use bitcoin to purchase the complex’s luxury apartments.  Aston Plaza Luxury Apartments  The  Aston Plaza and Residences , which will be located in Dubai, is being developed by a public joint venture between Baroness Michelle Mone and Douglas Barrowman of private equity firm Aston Ventures. The 2.4 million square foot complex features two 40-storey residential towers and 1,133 luxury apartments, as well as a swimming pool, gym, and an open-air cinema.  Aston Plaza Luxury Apartments  In a world first, the developers are partnering with BitPay to accept bitcoin payments. Prices are pegged to the US dollar and range from $133,000 to $379,000, so studio apartments start at about 28 BTC based on the current exchange rate. The developers are also offering interior design and furnishing services and will accept bitcoin for those as well. Of the 1,133 apartments, 150 are being offered at a 15%-20% discount to investors who take advantage of the opportunity to make the purchase with bitcoin during the first phase release.  The Aston Plaza Apartments Will Be Priced in Bitcoin During the First Phase Release  Michelle Mone, who is a member of the U.K. House of Lords and founded the lingerie company Ultimo, said she was excited to provide the “blockchain community a unique and exclusive opportunity” to use bitcoin to directly invest in property:  This is a project I have worked very hard on for some time and the Dubai development is the pinnacle of design, architecture and commerciality. That said, I didn’t feel this was enough. I wanted to offer the property, tech and blockchain community a unique and exclusive opportunity by merging the property and tech sectors together in a true first for the industry.  Indeed, this project offers the community an option which several initial coin offering (ICO) projects have sought to do, namely to diversify the cryptocurrency assets into real estate investments. Douglas Barrowman added that he hopes the venture’s decision to accept bitcoin will start a trend.  “Bitcoin’s meteoric rise in a few short years means it’s now the world’s leading cryptocurrency. This is exactly why we are the first property development ever to be priced in Bitcoin, ” he said.  “I believe, as it gains mainstream adoption, many will follow our lead on this. I would, as I have done throughout my career in business, like to be the one who starts the trend, a very exciting one at that. ”  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Records Staggering $550 Increase in a Single Day to $4,550 Twitter  After all, it seems as if the Chinese cryptocurrency industry and its central bank, the People’s Bank of China (PBoC), has minimal impact on bitcoin, Ethereum and the global cryptocurrency market.  On September 4, PBoC along with three Chinese government financial agencies declared initial coin offerings (ICOs) as an illegal method of fundraising. Subsequent to the announcement of China, the price of Ether, the native currency of Ethereum, and leading cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin declined substantially in value. The price of Ether dipped below the $280 mark, while bit coin price moved closer to the $4,000 region.  However, within a 24-hour period, both bitcoin and Ethereum have recorded substantial gains, demonstrating a complete recovery from the announcement of PBoC. Specifically, the price of bitcoin surged from $4,000 to $4,550, as investors and the market displayed absolute confidence in bitcoin.   In a statement, Bitfury vice chairman George George Kikvadze explained that PBoC and the Chinese cryptocurrency exchange market do not have a major influence over the global bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. Prior to the regulation of the zero-fee trading system, the vast majority of bitcoin users and analysts perceived China as the largest bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. However, that has not been the case for awhile. US, Japan and South Korea have overtaken China in almost every way, in terms of trading volume, user base and activity.  With multi-million dollar venture capital investment and exponential growth in user base, Japan’s largest bitcoin exchange BitFlyer is set to expand throughout the US and South Korea’s leading exchange Bithumb evolved into the largest cryptocurrency exchange in the world.   “PBoC ’s impact is way overblown. China is not as important as before. Just 15 percent of global bitcoin trade vs Japan + Korea + USA = 80%,”  said  Kikvadze.  Additionally, even in the case of Ethereum, South Korea remains as the dominant exchange market with 34 percent market share, while US falls behind as a distant second with 22.4 percent market share. Hence, unlike 2013, China, its government and financial regulators have minimal impact over the global cryptocurrency ecosystem.  Some cryptocurrency analysts have suggested that the price of bitcoin recovered in such a narrow timeframe because speculative investors were not aware that the ICO ban targeted Ethereum and was not associated with bitcoin in any way. But, that theory is not coherent with the fact that Ethereum was also able to recover to exactly where it was prior to the ICO ban from PBoC. Therefore, it is highly likely that investors across the global bitcoin and cryptocurrency market have become aware of the limited impact China can cause.  More importantly, as CCN previously reported, many indicators suggest that bitcoin will most likely sustain its upward momentum in the upcoming days and weeks. Two important short-term factors to acknowledge are the rapid adoption of the Bitcoin Core development team’s transaction malleability and scaling solution, and rapidly growing demand toward bitcoin from both institutional and professional investors as a result of the rising tension between the US and North Korea.   Not even 2 weeks after activation and the % of  #SegWit  tx 's per block is rising nicely. Good work everyone!  https://t.co/I6Qjrylwi2   pic.twitter.com/gHLZoAOlj6  — Charlie Shrem (@CharlieShrem)  September 5, 2017   As SegWit adoption continues to increase at a rapid rate, bitcoin transaction fees will be reduced significantly, even by over 50 percent, as the GreenAddress wallet development team suggested.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	    Aussie University Establishes ‘World’s First’ Research Center on the Social Science of Blockchain Twitter  The Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT) has established the RMIT Blockchain Innovation Hub to explore the social science of blockchain technology.  In an  announcement  today, RMIT unveiled details of the research center focused on blockchain technology, an innovation that the university believes will become “a core infrastructure for the global economy.” The hub is being proclaimed as the world’s first research center aimed at exploring the social science of blockchain technology.  The research center will be led by Professor Jason Potts from RMIT’s School of Economics, Finance, and Marketing. Professor Ian Palmer, pro-vice chancellor business and vice-president at the university stated:  The RMIT Blockchain Innovation Hub is the only full-service, research, learning and industry-linked blockchain body in the world.  Blockchain, the underlying tech that powers cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, will ‘revolutionize businesses as we know it  in the coming years” with smart contracts and instant payments globally, the university added.  The  new hub  will establish a global interdisciplinary research team looking into the economic, cultural and societal implications of blockchain technology. Notably, it will also partner with companies in multiple industries to share research to ensure that students are work-ready upon graduation. The hub will also develop and implement policies to facilitate the future blockchain economy  and will also engage with policymakers and government to discuss and debate the social and policy impact of the decentralized technology.  The new blockchain-specific research hub opens within months of the University of Sydney (USYD) developing its ‘Red Belly Blockchain’ with the striking claim of processing  400,000 transactions per second , over 7x that of the world’s biggest payments network  – Visa.  Blockchain Hub  Australia is quickly becoming a hotbed for financial technologies (FinTech) with markedly rampant development in blockchain tech in both private and public sectors as well as a number of industries.  The Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), the country’s biggest stock exchange, is among the world’s first securities markets operators to embrace blockchain technology in a move that could  completely replace  its existing post-trade process. The ASX is currently completing a trial of a blockchain  developed  by New York-based Digital Asset.  Earlier this year, the Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA), one of the country’s biggest banks, announced the issuance of a blockchain-powered ‘cryptobond’ for the Queensland Treasury Corporation, touted as the world’s first blockchain bond issuance by a government entity.  In August, two pro-bitcoin Australian senators who called on the central bank to legalize cryptocurrencies established a bipartisan blockchain  advocacy group  in the Australian Parliament. Australian bitcoin adopters saw relief this year after the government – finally  – put an end to the double taxation  of digital currency transactions.  Tasked  by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), Australia is also taking the global lead to develop international blockchain standards and  unveiled a roadmap  to that end in March this year.  Featured image of RMIT from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ICO Tokens “May Be Securities”  & Subject to Laws, Says ‘Concerned’ Hong Kong Regulator Twitter  Hong Kong’s chief financial regulator has, in an official statement, announced that digital tokens offered in an initial coin offering (ICO) sale may be deemed as securities.  In an official  announcement  by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong, the regulator said it had “noticed an increase in the use of initial coin offerings to raise funds in Hong Kong and elsewhere.” Adding to the statement was SFC executive director of intermediaries Julia Leung, who expressed the regulator’s “concern” in the rise of ICOs. In underlining the sentiment, she  further added  that parties involved in an ICO “need to be aware” that some ICO protocols may be subject to securities laws in Hong Kong.  An excerpt from the statement read:  Whilst digital tokens offered in typical ICOs are usually characterized as a “virtual commodity”, the SFC has observed more recently that certain ICOs have terms and features that may mean they are “securities.”  The SFC also added that “dealing in or advising on such digital tokens, or managing or marketing a fund investing in them may constitute a regulated activity.” As a result, any parties engaging in ICO activities in Hong Kong would be required to be registered or licensed with the SFC “irrespective of where they are located.”  The Hong Kong regulator’s statement comes within a day of China’s ban on all ICOs, a move which saw the Chinese central bank demand all ICO-related investments to be returned to customers.  Elsewhere, Singapore’s central bank  issued a consumer advisory  urging investors to be mindful of risks while investing in initial coin offerings (ICOs) last month. Earlier in June, the United States SEC opined that digital token sales through ICOs  must be regulated . A week ago, the US SEC also  issued an investor alert  warning the public of companies using ICOs to manipulate their stock prices.  Hong Kong financial district image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Blockr.io Shuttered by Bitcoin Exchange Coinbase Twitter  In 2014,  Blockr.io  was acquired by Coinbase.  The multi-currency blockchain was innovative and relied upon by numerous outfits, including Satoshibox, a service that allows anyone to sell digital goods for Bitcoin. At the time,  Coinbase said of the acquisition :  Today, we’re excited to announce that Coinbase has acquired Blockr.io. As part of the acquisition, we’re able to welcome two of its exceptionally talented employees to the Coinbase team: software engineer Sašo Matejina and designer Samo Drole. The pair recently moved from Slovenia to join our staff of 40 full-time employees here in San Francisco. Saso and Samo will be focused o n continuing to make the Coinbase API the premier tool for developers who want to build on top of bitcoin. They’ll also work on building out Coinbase’s own bitcoin node ….Blockr.io will continue to operate as usual for now as Sašo and Samo transition to their work at Coinbase.  Coinbase has yet to issue a statement as to why they shuttered Blockr on September 4 th . Blockr itself only gave four days notice:   We are shutting down blockr.io on September 4th 2017. Thank you for your past support.  — blockr.io (@blockr_io)  August 28, 2017   It’s unclear what will become the easy-to-use Blockr API or the blockchain software that was developed by Samo Drole and Sašo Matejina. It could be that Coinbase has decided to rebrand the technology and build a new product to account for all its new offerings, including Bitcoin Cash. We can speculate all day, but word from Coinbase will be slow to come, if ever. Their press de partment is legendarily slow about responding to this author, in effect always putting him behind the scoop. This article will be updated if we receive a response/statement from Coinbase proper.  In any case, at present time, Blockr.io simply redirects to Coinbase.com. There are plenty of block explorers to choose from, but some services will miss Blockr. In particular, the author discovered it was gone when he tried to click a transaction link inside of SatoshiBox, a service which allows anyone to sell digital goods for cryptocurrencies. Various other services will als o have to migrate to other options. Another good alternative to Blockchain.info is  Chain.so , which currently scans four blockchains.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Rallies to $4,500 as Ethereum, Litecoin Lead Market Surge Twitter  The crypto markets rallied on Wednesday, ignoring the  China ICO ban  to begin climbing back to last week ’s  record levels . The bitcoin price led the way with an 8% leap past $4,500, while the ethereum price gained 10% to secure its position above $300. The litecoin price headlined a comprehensive altcoin advance that saw 92 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies experience price increases.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  This rally reversed the trajectory of the market, which had been careening downward for several days. The sell-off that was intensified on  Massacre Monday  forced the total cryptocurrency market cap down as low as $135 billion during the early hours of September 5. At that point, however, it began to climb. By 10:00 it had reached $145 billion. By that evening it had crossed $150 billion. The rally continued on Wednesday morning, extending as high as $160 billion at 7:30 UTC. This constituted a 24-hour gain of more than $15 billion.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Leaps Back to $4,500  Bitcoin price declines have been rare over the past two months, and many new entrants to the cryptocurrency community just received their first taste. After extending toward just under $5,000 over the weekend, the bitcoin price crashed as low as $4,000 earlier in the week. On Tuesday and Wednesday, however, the bitcoin price stopped its skid and began floating back toward its all-time high. The bitcoin price began the day at $4,222; it made steady progress throughout the day and crossed $4,500 at about 7:00 UTC. At present, the bitcoin price is $4,525 –a 24-hour gain of 8%. This rally restored bitcoin ’s market cap to $74.9 billion.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Investors have good reason to remain bullish on bitcoin ’s long-term prospects because adoption continues to proceed at a rapid clip. Coinbase, a prominent U.S. bitcoin exchange that allows users to buy bitcoin, ethereum, and litecoin using their bank accounts or debit cards, just  hit 10 million registered users , which represents a three-week increase of 800,000. Moreover, two FinTech firms are planning to roll out 2,900 two-way bitcoin ATMs in Australia.  Ethereum Price Posts Double-Digit Gain  The PBoC squeeze on initial coin offerings hit the ethereum price hard, causing it to drop well below $300 on Monday. By Wednesday, however, it had begun to recover. After beginning the day at $299, the ethereum price has risen more than 10% to a present value of $326. The ethereum price still has a long way to go to recover to its pre-crash level of $390, but it has begun to take the first steps to get there. Following today ’s rally, ethereum ’s market cap increased to $30.8 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Litecoin Price Leads Altcoin Market Advance  The altcoin markets began a welcome recovery on Wednesday, with 92 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies posting price increases. Of those, a large percentage included double-digit gains.  Altcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The bitcoin cash price rose 9% to $562, escaping the  downward pressure  that had forced BCH/CNY below $500 on several exchanges. The Ripple price followed closely behind, advancing 8% following news that the FinTech firm by the same name had  opened an office in India .  The litecoin price posted the best single-day performance of any top 10 coin. The 5th-ranked cryptocurrency rose from $66 to $75, a 24-hour gain of 15%. Litecoin ’s market cap is now just a hair under $4 billion.  Litecoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The NEM and Dash prices posted identical 10% gains, bringing them to $0.304 and $338, respectively. The IOTA price rose 13%, the second-best gain of any top-tier cryptocurrency. Monero and ethereum classic, meanwhile each rose close to 11%.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Recovers, Bitcoin and Ethereum Record Major Gains Twitter  On September 5, bitcoin price nearly dipped below the $4,000 region. The price of Ether, the native currency of Ethereum, also struggled to sustain its value, declining to $270. Within a 24-hour period, bitcoin price recorded a 11.6 percent increase, rising from $4,000 to around $4,410.   Ether also recorded a massive gain, increasing by over 17 percent within a single day from $270 to $320.   In previous coverages, CCN reported that the price of bitcoin and Ethereum will likely increase to new highs in the upcoming weeks due to the market’s optimism surrounding the scalability of the two cryptocurrencies. Through the activation and integration of the Bitcoin Core development team’s transaction malleability fix and scaling solution Segregated Witness (SegWit), the size of the bitcoin mempool decreased significantly over the past week and users have started to experience substantial decrease in transaction fees.  For Ethereum investors, the Ethereum Foundation’s announcement in regard to its launch of the Metropolis hard fork and Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin’s scaling solution Plasma co-written by bitcoin two-layer micropayments network Lightning demonstrated an active year of Ethereum development and thus, increase in value of the network. As Ivey Business School professor and cryptocurrency researcher JP Vergne  stated:  We found that the best predictor of a cryptocurrency ’s exchange rate is the amount of developer activity around it.  On September 4, it was revealed that the Chinese central bank, the People’s Bank of China, declared ICOs as an illegal method of fundraising. PBoC immediately suspended all ongoing initial coin offering (ICO) campaigns and requested ICO-conducting blockchain startups to refund their investors in bitcoin and Ether. At the time, Shanghai-based fintech consultancy Kapronasia Director Zennon Kapron still showed optimism toward the Chinese ICO market but the announcement from PBoC led to a crash in the cryptocurrency market.   “Regulators globally are struggling to understand what ICOs are, what the risks are, and how to ring-fence and regulate them. China, in many ways, is no different than the U.S. or Singapore in saying, ok, we need to push back on these for now until we figure out how to deal with them… I think it will be slightly a temporary measure,” Kapron said.  A large factor in the swift recovery of the price of Ether has been the statement of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) in regard to the legality of ICOs. In its statement, the Hong Kong SFC emphasized that as long as ICOs and token sales are licensed by the SFC, ICOs can be conducted by blockchain startups without running in conflict with existing financial regulations.  “Where digital tokens offered in an ICO represent equity or ownership interests in a corporation, these tokens may be regarded as “shares”. For example, token holders may be given shareholders’ rights, such as the right to receive dividends and the right to participate in the distribution of the corporation’s surplus assets upon winding up,” read the statement of Hong Kong.  Overnight, Hong Kong has allowed the ICO community to regard the country as a haven for ICOs. Following the pathway of EOS, by offering an investor guideline which strictly outlines that tokens have no purpose or use case, ICOs will not be in violation of Hong Kong’s SFC regulations.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Exchanges OKCoin and Huobi to Cease CNY Trading Oct. 31; Token Trading to Continue? Twitter  Chinese bitcoin exchanges OKCoin and Huobi issued concurrent statements announcing they will suspend CNY trading pairs on October 31. The statements did not explicitly mention suspension of all trading, leading to speculation that crypto-to-crypto trading will remain open.  As first  reported  by regional cryptocurrency news service cnLedger, all CNY trading pairs will be shut down on October 31. However, CNY deposits are suspended, effective immediately, preventing traders from profiting off of arbitrage. According to a rough translation of its  statement , Huobi called the move  “a new beginning ” for the industry as it moves toward legal compliance:  In terms of business compliance, the coin network is doing everything we can to respond positively to the state ’s supervision and cooperation to fulfill the obligations, and actively put forward and explore the regulatory recommendations and programs, its purpose is to effectively protect the interests of users, today we make Such a decision is not the end, but a new beginning, the industry is more healthy and more development of the beginning of compliance, coins will continue in the p remise of compliance, for the user service.  OKCoin ’s  statement , which was published just minutes later, used virtually the same language, declaring that this will make the Chinese cryptocurrency industry  “more healthy and more compliant ”.  Significantly, neither statement appeared to declare that  all  trading would cease, diverging from the  closure notices  issued by BTCC, ViaBTC, and Yunbi. Regional media source Caixin had reported that OKCoin and Huobi might receive  favorable regulatory treatment  due to their size and the fact that they had not listed any ICO tokens –which the  PBoC has ruled are illegal –on their trading platforms.  Indeed, the statements appear to confirm that theory. Both included the following sentence, which suggests that regulators might allow cryptocurrency-to-cryptocurrency trading pairs to remain open, although this is by no means a certainty.  because the regulatory authorities did not declare [cryptocurrency] and digital assets itself is illegal, the coin network will actively explore and strive for, expect to continue to provide Chinese users with compliance digital asset services.  Nevertheless, the news that these two bitcoin exchanges might be allowed to continue some operations led to an immediate bitcoin price rally. After  falling below $3,000  earlier in the day, the bitcoin price is now trading at about $3,550.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitstamp to Add Bitcoin Cash Support by End of September Twitter  European bitcoin exchange Bitstamp announced it will add bitcoin cash trading pairs by the end of September.  In the  announcement , Bitstamp said they decided to add support for bitcoin cash in response to  “high levels of customer demand. ” Exchange users who had bitcoin balances at the time of the August 1 hard fork will receive their air-dropped coins in their platform wallet.  Additionally, bitcoin cash will receive three Bitstamp trading pairs: BCH/BTC, BCH/USD, and BCH/EUR. The Euro pair is a particularly beneficial for the bitcoin cash community, since this trading pair currently has only about $4 million of liquidity, and virtually all of that is concentrated on Kraken. If the  rumored Chinese bitcoin  ban does materialize, having a direct outlet to another fiat currency will help compensate for the $41 million loss of BCC/CNY.  Bitcoin Cash Trading Volume | Chart from CoinMarketCap  That Bitstamp added support for bitcoin cash so quickly also helps build the coin ’s legitimacy. Until recently, the exchange only supported two cryptocurrencies: bitcoin and XRP. Within the past few months, Bitstamp has added  litecoin  and  ethereum  pairs, but both of these cryptocurrencies are much more established than bitcoin cash.  Bitcoin cash users took to social media to express their elation and vindication in the coin ’s Bitstamp listing, but they were quick to begin renewed calls for U.S. exchange Coinbase to distribute BCH to its users and add buy/sell support for the coin. Coinbase had not planned to interact with the bitcoin cash blockchain at all, but after widespread community grumbling they reversed their position and announced they will allow users to withdraw their air-dropped coins by January 2018.  Bitcoin cash is currently trading at a global average of $509. It has declined 1% in the past day, which is better than most major coins have fared during the  current market slump . This relatively positive performance has enabled bitcoin cash mining profitability to edge past that of the main blockchain, according to data obtained from Coin Dance. At present, the forked chain is about 4% more profitable than the main bitcoin blockchain, although the main network still accounts for about 90% of the combined BCH/BTC hashrate.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Slips Below $3,000 on Chinese Exchanges Twitter  Regulatory uncertainty shook the crypto markets on Thursday, as traders grappled with  increasingly-credible rumors  that the People ’s Bank of China (PBoC) will suspend trading at Chinese bitcoin exchanges. Weighed down by this tumultuous climate, the bitcoin price has fallen below $3,000 at Chinese markets.  The plunge has been both brisk and precipitous. In the past 12 hours alone, bitcoin has fallen by nearly 5,000 CNY on OKCoin –the equivalent of $738. Bitcoin is now trading at about 19,550 CNY ($2,979) at this exchange, whose $126 million BTC/CNY volume is the largest in the country.  BTC Price Chart from OKCoin  But OKCoin is not an outlier. Every other major Chinese exchange prices bitcoin below the $3,000 mark as well. Huobi –which accounts for nearly $109 million in daily volume –has bitcoin trading at $2,983. On BTCC, which announced earlier today it will  suspend trading  on September 30, the bitcoin price is just $2,974. CHBTC values bitcoin at $2,973, while the lower-volume BtcTrade and ViaBTC price it at $2,990. Altogether, these six exchanges currently account for 13% of total bitcoin trading volume.  Bitcoin Is Trading Below $3,000 on All the Major Chinese Bitcoin Exchanges | Chart from CoinMarketCap  The overall bitcoin price has been weighed down by BTC/CNY, but it is still holding above $3,000 –at least at the time of writing. Presently, bitcoin is valued at a global average of $3,252, which represents a daily decline of 17% and a weekly decline of 30%. The cryptocurrency market cap, which tracks the total value of all cryptocurrencies, now sits at just $112 billion after rising as high as $180 billion less than two weeks ago.  Industry observers disagree about where and when the market downturn will stall. Some, including trader WhalePanda and economist Tuur Demeester, believe a rebound is likely in the near future. Others, including Civic CEO Vinny Lingham and BitPay co-founder Tony Gallippi, predict that the bitcoin price could fall closer to the $2,500 to $2,750 range before the market turns a corner.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Chinese Bitcoin Exchanges OKCoin and Huobi to Close in October: Report Twitter  Chinese bitcoin exchanges OKCoin and Huobi will reportedly close their trading platforms by the end of October, joining BTCC, ViaBTC, and Yunbi in shuttering order-book services.  According to a  report  from Chinese media service Caixin, the two exchange heavyweights will be allowed to stay open longer than other exchanges due to the large number of users on the platforms, as well as the fact that neither platform had listed trading pairs for initial coin offering (ICO) tokens.  As of yesterday, both OKCoin and Huobi continued to operate normally and claimed that they had not been contacted by government regulators. However, Litecoin creator Charlie Lee –brother of BTCC CEO Bobby Lee –tweeted that the two exchanges were  meeting with regulators  today and  “might change their tune ” following the meeting.  Presumably, both exchanges will announce their closures soon. Earlier today, both ViaBTC and Yunbi announced they would  suspend trading , with Yunbi closing on September 20 and ViaBTC shutting down its Mainland China operations on September 30. BTCC, the world ’s longest-running bitcoin exchange, announced yesterday that it will  suspend trading  on September 30. These suspensions confirm  earlier reports  that regulators had said a bitcoin exchange ban was  “certain ”.  However, there is much speculation that the Chinese government will establish a licensing process for cryptocurrency exchanges, with one theory being that OKCoin and Huobi will receive licenses before or shortly after their suspensions take effect.   In October these 2 might suddenly get a license or become  "nationalized " or something, but it makes the regulators job much easier.  — WhalePanda (@WhalePanda)  September 15, 2017   To that end, Li Lihui, a senior official at China ’s National Internet Finance Association (NIFA), stated that the exchange crackdown was  “a necessary action ” to protect the interests of investors. He  reportedly called  for the government to develop stringent digital currency guidelines.  This is significant since NIFA –a self-regulatory agency established by the Chinese central bank –issued statements condemning initial coin offerings and bitcoin exchanges just days before each ban began to take effect.  This story is developing.     
INCREASE	   The Crash: Bitcoin, Ethereum Prices Plunge as Market Drops Below $100 Billion Twitter  The  Slippening  continued on Friday as two more Chinese bitcoin exchanges announced they will shutter their trading services. The bitcoin price crashed beneath $3,000 to reach a 6-week low, while the ethereum price fell below the $200 threshold for the first time since July.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Altogether, the markets shed another $20 billion, reducing the total cryptocurrency market cap below to just $99 billion. Since setting an all-time high on September 2, the crypto market cap has fallen by $80 billion.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  The impetus for this continued downward momentum is the shaky Chinese regulatory environment. Following more than a week of unconfirmed reports that the People ’s Bank of China (PBoC) would ban bitcoin exchanges, BTCC –the world ’s longest-running cryptocurrency exchange –announced yesterday it will  suspend trading  on September 30. This announcement was followed today by  closure announcements  from Yunbi and ViaBTC, and a new report from Chinese media service Caixin says that Huobi and OKCoin will  shutter their platforms  in October.  Bitcoin Price Dips Below $3,000  The bitcoin price fell another 17% on Friday, bringing its 7-day decline to 36%. Significantly, the bitcoin price has fallen below the $3,000 threshold for the first time since early August. At present, the global average bitcoin price is $2,970, which translates into a market cap of $49.2 billion.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin is still trading slightly above that mark on a few exchanges, but BTC/CNY pairs are placing  severe downward pressure  on the global average. OKCoin, for instance, currently has bitcoin trading at just $2,600.  Ethereum Price Falls to July Levels  Although bitcoin ’s decline has been steep, ethereum ’s has been even more precipitous. Since last week, the ethereum price has fallen 40%. In the past day alone, the ethereum price has shed more than $50 to post a 20% decline. The ethereum price is now just $198, which is its lowest mark since late July. Ethereum ’s market cap has now dropped below $20 billion and currently sits at $18.8 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Altcoin Massacre Continues  The market ’s bearish turn continued to pummel altcoins on Friday, with 92 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies posting 24-hour declines of 10% or greater. Even more startling is the fact that 26 of those cryptocurrencies fell at least 30%. This massacre pushed bitcoin ’s dominant market share back across 50% for the first time since August 17.  Altcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The bitcoin cash price plunged 28% to $316, dropping it to 4th place on the market cap charts. Ripple, which declined  “just ” 17%, now controls the 3rd spot with a market cap of $5.9 billion.  Litecoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Litecoin posted the worst performance in the top 10, losing 32% of its total valuation in just 24 hours. The litecoin price –which surpassed $90 less than two weeks ago –has now been reduced to $34.  The Dash price fell 19% to $221, while NEM ’s 20% decline reduced its price to $0.163. Monero and IOTA also posted significant declines; they fell 27% and 25% respectively.  Tenth-ranked ethereum classic joined litecoin at the head of the retreat, plummeting 30% to $8. Ethereum classic ’s market cap is now just $767 million, reducing the total number of cryptocurrencies with $1 billion market caps to nine.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   China Bitcoin Crackdown: Internet Finance Authority Seeks Regulatory Framework Twitter  As Beijing’s crackdown on bitcoin exchanges, a senior executive at China’s internet finance association has called for a regulatory framework for virtual currencies.  Li Lihui, a senior official at China’s National Internet Finance Association (NIFA) and a former president of the Bank of China has called for a stringent regulatory framework for digital currencies in China, according to  Reuters . Lihui was speaking at an industry conference in Shanghai when he called for global regulators to work together to support the development of digital currencies.  Li was reportedly quick to make the distinction between state-backed, central bank-developed digital currencies and stateless digital currencies like bitcoin. While details are scarce, Li reportedly added that digital currencies developed by authorities and held up with regulatory oversight could prove beneficial to society.  In expressing his opinion about China’s crackdown on initial coin offering (ICOs) and the wider cryptocurrency industry, Li stated:  I understand (the crackdown) is all about protecting market stability and protecting the interests of investors, so halting these kinds of initial coin offerings is a very necessary action from the regulators.  Earlier this week, the NIFA notably  led with a warning  thatlabeledd bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as a tool for illegal activities. Further, the authority stated that regional bitcoin exchanges had no legal basis to operate in China.  Chinese regulators began this month’s crackdown on the cryptocurrency industry with a  sweeping ban on all ICOs  last week. On Thursday, one of China’s ‘big three’ exchanges and the world’s oldest bitcoin trading platform, BTCC, announced it will  suspend all trading  of cryptocurrency pairs at the end of the month.  Meanwhile, the People’s Bank of China, China’s central bank, is in the process of developing its own digital currency after  revealing plans  to do so in early 2016. Following a  successful blockchain-based digital currency trial  that concluded in December, China’s central bank opened a ‘digital currency Institute’ this year in Beijing.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Kiss Rocker Gene Simmons Sees Bitcoin as an  “Interesting Investment ” Twitter  At a time in which bitcoin’s price falls to a 6-week low , and JP Morgan’s  Jamie Dimon labels the cryptocurrency a “fraud”  and adds that he would fire any employee trading it, rocker and 70s band Kiss co-founder and front-man Gene Simmons stated that he is a fan of bitcoin, and finds it an interesting investment.  Simmons’ interest was revealed in a recent  interview with TheStreet , in which he notably stated:  “I am interested in Bitcoin, but only as a piece of the [investment] puzzle ”  Simmons clarified that he is interested in bitcoin likes to be diversified with his investments. Further into the interview, the rocker added that if someone goes to Las Vegas and goes all-in on 35-black, then that person has an “insane idea,” as smart investors, according to Gene Simmons, want to “be diverse and spread the risk.” Later on, he added “Coins? Great. Real Estate?  Great.”  The 70s band co-founder was then asked if he would ever attach his name to a cryptocurrency, hinting at other celebrity endorsements like that of boxing champion  Floyd Mayweather  and hotel heiress  Paris Hilton .  Simmons replied:  “Kiss coins? Sure, you can talk me into it.”  Bitcoin fell below $3,000 before recovering  The rocker’s advice comes at a time in which bitcoin’s price keeps falling amid a frenzied market sell-off, as major Chinese exchanges have announced they will halt their trading operations following regulatory scrutiny.  Shanghai-based BTCChina, the world’s oldest bitcoin exchange, announced it would stop all trading on September 30, adding that other companies like BTCC DAX, BTCC Mobi, and BTCC USD Exchange are separate companies that weren’t affected by the People’s Bank of China’s (PBoC) crackdown.   1/ After carefully considering the announcement published by Chinese regulators on 09/04, BTCChina Exchange will stop all trading on 09/30.  — BTCC (@YourBTCC)  September 14, 2017    3/ BTCC is a separate company from BTCChina. BTCC Pool, BTCC USD Exchange, BTCC DAX, BTCC Mobi,  & BTCC Mint are not affected by this change.  — BTCC (@YourBTCC)  September 15, 2017   Recently, as r eported by CCN,  ViaBTC became the second platform to shut down operations in  China , as it announced it was to halt “registration, asset deposits and all trading pairs” on September 25. The website will eventually be closed on September 30.  Jamie Dimon’s words, followed by China’s crackdown, led bitcoin’s price to a 6-week low of $2,970 in a small amount of time. Chinese media service Caixin also recently published a new report that states Huobi and OKCoin will  shutter their platforms  in October. The extra month seems to have been enough for bitcoin to jump to $3,485.11 at press time, according to data from CoinMarketCap.  Those who decide to follow Gene Simmons’ advice, are surely not going to feel bitcoin’s volatility as hard as investors who only have the cryptocurrency in their portfolio.  
INCREASE	   $11 Billion: 24-Hour Cryptocurrency Trading Volume Hits New Record Twitter  Cryptocurrency trading volume reached a new milestone on Friday, crossing $11 billion for the first time amid regulatory uncertainty in China.  Crypto Markets Post Record Volume  According to data obtained from CoinMarketCap, the combined 24-hour trading volume of all cryptocurrencies rose to $11.5 billion shortly after 16:00 UTC. The only other time daily trading volume has surpassed $10 billion was on August 19, when it briefly spiked to $10.5 billion.  Cryptocurrency Trading Volume  & Market Cap Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin topped the charts with $4.2 billion in volume, while ethereum and litecoin posted $1.9 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively. In all, 10 different currencies posted volume greater than $100 million.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bithumb and Bitfinex each handled about $1.5 billion in trades while Chinese bitcoin exchange OKCoin accounted for $750 million. Altogether, at least seven exchanges, including GDAX, Bittrex, Poloniex, and Huobi surpassed the $500 million mark (Volume had tapered off a bit by the time of writing, so it is possible Kraken and Coinone crossed $500 million earlier in the day).  Friday ’s trading volume surge was caused by market volatility stemming from China ’s crackdown on bitcoin exchanges. Yesterday, the markets crashed following  reports  that a bitcoin exchange ban was  “certain ” and BTCC ’s subsequent announcement that it would shut down all trading services at the end of September. The markets continued to plunge Friday morning as Huobi and OKCoin were rumored to be  meeting with regulators  and two smaller exchanges –Yunbi and ViaBTC –also announced September closures.  However, later in the day OKCoin and Huobi issued  concurrent statements  that suggested they might continue providing cryptocurrency-to-cryptocurrency trading services. Both exchanges announced that they would close CNY trading pairs on October 31, but –unlike BTCC, Yunbi, and ViaBTC –they did not announce the suspension of  “all trading. ” Moreover, they indicated that they  “expect to continue to provide Chinese users with [compliant] digital asset services. ”  These announcements led to an immediate rally, and trading volume soared to a record level as the markets climbed back to $120 billion after  dipping below $100 billion  earlier in the day.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Chinese Bitcoin Exchange ViaBTC Becomes Second Platform to Shutdown Twitter  Chinese bitcoin trading platform ViaBTC will become the second exchange after BTCChina to shut down operations amid an ongoing crackdown on cryptocurrency industry.  In an  announcement  on Firday, Shenzen-based bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange ViaBTC has confirmed the closure of exchange operations in Mainland China on September 30.  An excerpt from the announcement reads:  On September 4th, China ’s central bank together with six other departments released a public statement on regulation policies and warning the risks of ICO projects. As a responsible cryptocurrency exchange platform, ViaBTC (www.viabtc.com) has made a serious decision to carry out the spirits of the policy  – we will officially close the website www.viabtc.com for exchange business in Mainland China on September 30th.  As per the arrangements toward shuttering its exchange operations, ViaBTC will halt “registration, asset deposits and all trading pairs” on September 25. Eventually, the website will also be closed on September 30.  ViaBTC’s mining pool and cloud mining services for the public will not be impacted and will continue to operate, the exchange confirmed.  ViaBTC further told users:  Please make sure to withdraw all your assets including CNY and cryptocurrency before September 30th, after which ViaBTC website www.viabtc.com will be officially closed in Mainland China.  As reported by CCN, ViaBTC CEO Haipo Yang  first speculated  the possibility of a sweeping ban of all exchanges a week ago on Friday, amid rumors that authorities and regulators are extending the ban on all ICOs (initial coin offerings) to cryptocurrency exchanges.  On Tuesday, Yang  defiantly stated  that ViaBTC wouldn’t shut down and will only stop deposits and trading activities if mandated to do so.  With its announcement, ViaBTC becomes the second major Chinese bitcoin exchange to close operations following  Shanghai-based BTCC , the world’s oldest bitcoin exchange, taking the decision to suspend trading by the end of the month.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Rebounds to $3,500; China Woe No More? Twitter  After Friday’s  early freefall , bitcoin price is on an upward climb to gain over 7% in the last hour of trading the USD value of the cryptocurrency climbs back above $3,500.  Going by early indicators, the cryptocurrency market has already shrugged off the effects of the year’s second Chinese regulator-induced crash. Traders are rushing to buy in after the entire cryptocurrency market  fell under $100 billion today , with bitcoin and the wider cryptocurrency market climbing once again to gain over $20 billion in an hour.  At the time of press, data from  Coinmarketcap  shows that bitcoin prices are actually up over a 24-hour period – despite hitting a 40-day low as trading price on Bitfinex fell to a low of $2,980 at 12:00 UTC. The rebound was immediate after bitcoin price hit its lowest point in over a month, to gain over $600 in under an hour.   Aside from bitcoin, the wider cryptocurrency market is also showing marked gains at Friday midday (UTC).   Developing…  
INCREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Falls to $3,000 but China Influence Wanes Twitter  Bitcoin price dropped further amid a frenzied market sell-off on Friday in a week where two major Chinese exchanges announced the halt of trading operations following regulatory scrutiny.  Bitcoin prices fell to a new 40-day global average low of $3,023 on Friday as the global market reacts to significant goings-on in China. Prices fell nearly 20% on the day, losing nearly $700 since trading on Thursday.   Data from CoinmarketCap shows a significant investor sell-off in global markets.   While the country’s ban on ICOs and – presumably – bitcoin and cryptocurrency trading platforms steps up a gear, some observers see the bright side in pointing to the waning influence of China on bitcoin.  Regional news cnLedger put the spotlight on price movements following regulatory burden, highlighting the lessening impact of Chinese regulators on bitcoin’s value.    Will that be the end of it? Chinese regulations and bitcoin price.  pic.twitter.com/aH2kKOptVt  — cnLedger (@cnLedger)  September 15, 2017   Once the world’s largest bitcoin trading market with over 90% of activity, China is now behind USD-based markets and Japanese markets, according to market data.   The likes of Charlie Lee, the creator of Litecoin – a cryptocurrency commonly seen as the silver to bitcoin’s gold – further added that China’s squeeze on local markets was a “ good thing ”.  Writing on social media yesterday, Lee stated:  This is a good thing. China can no longer play with the markets by banning Bitcoin. Crypto-currency cannot be killed by any country.  Industry entrepreneur Kim Dotcom added:   No Government can stop the rise of crypto now. Bankers begin to panic. The old ripoff financial systems are crumbling. Beautiful!  #bitcoin  — Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom)  September 14, 2017   There could yet be further tumultuous price movements on Friday as OKCoin and Huobi – two of China’s ‘big three’ exchanges including BTCC,  meet with regulators . As things stand, BTCC  announced  the shuttering of trading operations from September 30. Earlier today, crypto trading platform ViaBTC  followed suit  with a similar announcement to close trading operations by the end of the month.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   This ICO Utilizes the Power of Blockchain for Crowdfunding Twitter  This is a sponsored story.  Hackspace Capital  is venture capital fund which taps into the potential of blockchain technologies to disrupt the industry leaders in crowdfunding like Indiegogo, Kickstarter, and GoFundMe. A welcome change in the atmosphere of ICOs which are filled with testnet and just a white paper to show for, having raised millions of dollars in token investments.   What does Hackspace Capital Do?  It ’s a capital fund which examines potential start-ups with the sole focus of providing them full guidance during the project ’s growth life cycle. Hackspace Capital Fund supports them with the organization of administrative procedures, provides legal supervision, marketing via its associated businesses, business consulting, R &D, scientific research, engineering development and arrangements for mass production.   Hackspace Capital assists the startup in branding of the product, building unprecedented digital media content, deploying a marketing campaign for a “loud launch” of the product on the global market, likely planning and accomplishing a Kickstarter crowdfunding campaign (for market response and analysis); implementing viral media campaigns and direct promotion of the product in  physical and digital media space.  What does Hackspace Capital ’s Portfolio Look like?  One of the earliest startups which were backed by the Hackspace Capital  – HandEnergy, raised over $120,000 on numerous crowdfunding platforms, receiving more than 10 million views on its videos and featured by The Telegraph, BBC, Mashable, etc..  With a purpose of further developing technology innovations and establishing a firm stronghold in this sector, they have an impressive portfolio of projects such as innovational energy generator, smart cup, conditioner, sleep capsule, smart pourer, drone, powered exoskeleton and many more.  How do they identify their investment opportunities?  In such a flooded market, it can be tricky to find that one product that has true real world applications and is almost ready for mass production. Here is where Hackspace Capital ’s partnership with EnCata comes in. Founded in 2016, EnCata is the global company with offices in all around the world. It has branches in Russia, Estonia, Oman, Lithuania, Czech Republic, Israel, Australia and Canada; and within the next few months new representative offices will be established in Belgium and USA. Currently contracting over 200 engineers, they are the best wh en it comes to directing a start-up plan from only a good idea to a mass deployment product that is ready.  Hackspace Capital has a test before they decide to invest in any possible projects, in other words, the startup needs to bring to market their first product as well as build a capital above $500,000 through seed investments. Hackspace Capital carries out due diligence about the project and the team behind it. If everything seems promising, they are finally accepted to receive t he full backing of Hackspace capital and their partner Encata.  Another contingency before the finalizing of Hackspace Capital ’s investment is that they should have operated with Encata for up to six months. This enables the Hackspace team, in addition to the Encata, assess their resolution in addition to the prospect of their team to suceed.  Why should I invest in it?  In Kickstarter campaigns, the uncertainty of the end product being delivered is high because most lack the guidance or of the minds behind the product often drop interest. HAC holders will also receive a benefit of getting priority access in the stages of their product development.  HAC token holders are also free to exchange their tokens on other exchanges for fiat money or cryptocurrencies or offer them on the platform of the fund. The purchase price of HAC token will be decided at the conclusion of each session and is not set.  The Hackspace Capital Fund also acts as an online platform/shop, where users can procure products and services developed, maintained and offered by fund’s start-ups. Buyers of HAC tokens will have the long-spun benefit to exchange tokens on the Hackspace platform at a 20% discount to the market price for products and services provided by the Hackspace network of companies three  months prior the official market entry.  When is it occurring?  To the general public, 51 percent of all tokens will be available for purchase on 19th of September 21:00 (Singapore Time), under the symbol HAC. There will be 12 sale sessions in total; the individual session will last for 24 hours and will be performed during a year. Token supply ’s complete number is 1 Billion.  Are the HAC tokens distributed?  While 39% is allocated to the fund ’s already existing as well as future projects, 51% of all tokens are publicly available for purchase. 5% of the tokens are reserved for advisers, consultants, marketing needs of the capital as well as bounties. To maintain long-term interests, 5% of tokens will be owned by Hackspace Capital Fund ’s founders and employees.  You can visit  https://hackspace.capital/  for more details on this upcoming ICO.  
INCREASE	   ‘A Fraud’: Bitcoin Gains New Critic in ‘Wolf of Wall Street’ Jordan Belfort Twitter  Former stockbroker Jordan Belfort, infamously known as the ‘Wolf of Wall Street’, has joined Jamie Dimon in proclaiming that bitcoin is fraud.  Jordan Belfort has echoed recent comments from JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon who asserted that bitcoin is  ‘ fraud ‘, in a conversation with  The Street . “I think he’s right,” Belfort stated, agreeing with Dimon’s  much-publicized comments . “I don’t think that it is a great model.”  He went on to state that cryptocurrencies will gain a place in society, if or when they’re backed by a central government.  He added:  The biggest problem I see with bitcoin – why I would never buy it – is that they could steal them from you. They hack into your phone…I know people who lost all their money like that.  Belfort, now an author and motivational speaker, plead guilty to stock market fraud in 1999 and spent 22 months in prison as a part of his plea agreement. Belfrot’s memoir ‘The Wolf of Wall Street’ was adapted into a Hollywood movie directed by Martin Scorsese in 2013.  In his criticism of bitcoin – a decentralized currency independent of any central authority  – Belfort said:  [Any] currency [is] always air I guess, when you think about it …But this [bitcoin] is specifically being backed by nothing other than a program that creates artificial scarcity. It seems bizarre to me that it can ever really be sustainable.  “Sooner or later, a central bank or a consortium is going to introduce their own cryptocurrency and that is what’s going to take hold,” the former Wall Street broker stated.  In concluding his thoughts, he added:  I’m not saying that you should or shouldn’t buy bitcoin. What I’m saying is I personally myself would be very very careful about investing a lot of money in something that could vanish very quickly.  Featured image from YouTube/ Bloomberg .  
INCREASE	   Overstock Announces SEC-Compliant ICO Exchange  Twitter  Overstock subsidiary tZERO has announced a joint venture with Argon Group and RenGen LLC to launch the first ICO exchange that complies with SEC and FINRA regulations.  Overstock Announces SEC-Compliant ICO Exchange  The ICO market, which the company describes as an alternative trading system (ATS), purports to facilitate the trading of security tokens while maintaining compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) regulations.  ICOs have raised more than $2 billion in 2017 –including almost  $800 million in Q2 alone –but U.S. startups and investors have had to navigate a  murky regulatory environment , with most projects attempting to frame their token as a “utility coin” to hopefully avoid running afoul of SEC policies on securities trading.  Overstock  CEO Patrick Byrne said increasing attention from institutional investors demonstrated there is a need for an exchange that can offer security tokens while also remaining compliant with SEC and FINRA regulations.  “With ICO blockchain offerings surpassing traditional early stage VC funding and U.S. regulators seeking legitimate venues to support security token offerings, with this [joint venture] tZERO continues to maintain its leading edge in blockchain financial technology. ”  Last year, Overstock  began trading its company stock  on tZERO ’s private blockchain, and the tZERO trading system will serve as the backbone for the ICO exchange. Advisory service Argon Group will scrutinize tokens before they are listed on the platform, while RenGen will provide liquidity by serving as the platform’s market-maker.  Embrace the Security Label  Although many U.S. startups have attempted to skirt the securities classification when conducting token sales, Argon Group CEO and General Counsel Emma Channing encourages developers to embrace this label because it gives them the clearest path forward in terms of regulatory requirements.  “We have long been advocating that issuing digital tokens as securities gives issuers and purchasers the greatest certainty about the legal regime that applies to the sale and the widest range of options to provide an attractive return for investors,” Channing stated. “This joint venture between tZERO, RenGen and Argon has the potential to completely change the face of ICOs.”  Indeed, this SEC-compliant ICO market could potentially initiate a monumental shift in the crypto finance industry, making the industry much more attractive to institutional investors and Wall Street firms.  “I have long believed that securitization is one of the best use cases for blockchain technology – and the transformative ICO market has proven so,” concluded  Suleyman Duyar, Managing Partner, RenGen LLC.  “It is a very exciting time to be an investor in ICOs.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Exchange BTCC Stops Deposits Ahead of Trading Shutdown in China Twitter  BTCC has stopped accepting yuan and cryptocurrency deposits today as it prepares to shutter its operations in China this month.  Chinese cryptocurrency giant BTCC, the operator of the oldest cryptocurrency exchange in what was previously the largest trading market in the world, has stopped accepting deposits today at 12:00 noon, Beijing time. The exchange first opened its trading platform seven years ago.  Today’s  notice  follows up the announcement from a fortnight ago, when BTCC confirmed it would “ stop all trading ” on September 30 following the regulatory crackdown led by Chinese financial authorities including China’s central bank.  Further, BTCChina announced its deadline for withdrawals of digital assets and renminbi  – on October 30. The exchange operator insists that all withdrawals will be processed within 3 days, regardless of the digital asset reserve.  A loosely translated excerpt from today’s notice reads:  BTCChina has adhered to the implementation of a 100% reserve system from the first day of its establishment to ensure users of their assets’ security. Withdrawals (including RMB, Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ether etc.) will be completed within 72 hours of processing…  The People’s Bank of China  announced a blanket ban  on all initial coin offering (ICO) funding, a radical new form of fundraising powered by cryptocurrencies, on September 4. The ban has also extended to bitcoin exchanges in the country.  As BTCC winds down operations in mainland China, its global exchange BTCC DAX, a  recently launched  ‘pure crypto-to-crypto exchange’, mining operation BTCC Pool, BTCC’s USD exchange and other company operations will continue to operate.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   NEO Leads Crypto Market With 30% Price Surge Twitter  NEO, the eighth largest cryptocurrency in market capitalization, surged nearly 30% in the last 24 hours to a $33.78 price and a market capitalization of $1.689 billion, according to coinnmarketcap.com.  Source: Coinmarketcap.com  The $33.78 price marks a near doubling in the last two weeks, as the price had fallen to $17.38 on Sept. 14 from an all-time high of $48.01 on Aug. 14.  The advance enabled NEO to leap over Ethereum Classic to secure the 10th spot in the market cap rankings.  Positive News Drives Surge  The NEO price surged on Monday  after Dutch financial news outlet Het Financieele Dagblad published an interview with NEO founder Da Hongfei. He speculated that a future collaboration between NEO and the Chinese government is a possibility.  The fact that the government contacted Da prior to the official crackdown indicated that regulators are not planning to widen the net around Chinese cryptocurrency projects like NEO – at least not in the near-term.  Another factor influencing the rally is bitcoin exchange Bitfinex’s recent decision to add NEO to its platform.  The NEO price surged 50% earlier this month  following its listing on bitcoin exchange Bitfinex.  NEO can now be swapped with USD, BTC and ETH. This will provide increased liquidity for NEO and gives the token its first exposure to a major USD market (excluding the USD-pegged Tether). This trading pair diversification will mitigate the impact that NEO/CNY pairs have on the token’s global average price.  Surge Began In June  NEO began its growth in mid-June after hovering in under $1 territory since its inception in September of 2016.  The only other crypto in the top 10 to post a double-digit gain today was number three ranked Ripple, which jumped 11.2%, yielding a $7.792 billion market capitalization.  NEO led all major cryptocurrencies in the last 24 hours. The first cryptocurrency to post a larger gain was 47th place Gnossis, which has a $134.556 million market capitalization, which posted a 42% gain.  The first crypto to post a loss in the last 24 hours was Lisk, number 14, which shed 1.27%.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Japan Develops Customer Digital ID Blockchain for Banks Twitter  Japanese regulators and financial institutions are working on a blockchain ID platform that will seamlessly share consumer information between banks.  Japan’s Financial Services Agency – the country’s financial regulator and watchdog – is developing a blockchain-powered platform that will enable Japanese consumers to instantly share their personal information at multiple banks and financial institutions.  According to the  Nikkei , the common identification platform will allow a bank account holder to register for a ‘shared ID’ which could then – as an example  – be used to open another account at a different bank. The applicant would be required to provide the shared ID through a smartphone app authenticated through a fingerprint or a facial scan. Fundamentally, the shared ID would negate the need to enter, or re-enter personal information when applying for banking services at a new financial institution.  The personal information and data making up for these shared IDs will be entered, recorded and secured over a shared immutable blockchain developed by the FSA and other financial institutions.  Japan’s ‘Megabanks’ Share a Blockchain  The report also suggests that the FSA will establish an ‘administrative body’ to oversee the shared ID blockchain platform, an initiative that will be enabled by Japan’s ‘megabanks’, following a trial.  The FSA will begin an extensive testing process of the feature in October, with the trials expected to last a year. If successful, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ (MUFJ), Mizuho and the Smitomo Mitsui Banking Corp – Japan’s three megabanks – will be able to view details of each other’s customers, upon approval, over a blockchain.  With multiple blockchain endeavors of their own, all three of Japan’s megabanks are also  investors in bitFlyer , the country’s biggest bitcoin exchange by trading volume. A notable effort in late 2016 saw the three banks use ‘miyabi’, a proprietary blockchain developed by bitFlyer, to test domestic money transfers. With some  1,500 transactions per second  over a blockchain, the successful testing proved that money transfers were both faster and efficient compared to the current interbank wire system.  Blockchain Upgrades  The shared ID feature for banking consumers joins a growing list of new initiatives and research efforts by the Japanese government using blockchain technology.  Japan is embarking on  a sweeping project  to unify all property and land registries across urban, farmland and forested areas on a single blockchain-powered ledger. In incorporating some 230 million plots and 50 million buildings registered across the country, the ledger will also include collateral details and sale prices of properties. The register will be tested in select cities in summer 2018. If successful, the J apanese government will place its entire property register on a blockchain over the next five years.  More recently, Japan also announced plans to test a blockchain platform for  processing government tenders .     
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Trading Spurs Australia ’s Best-Performing Hedge Fund Twitter  Warburton Global Macro Fund is enjoying the fruits of bitcoin even though its hedge fund manager thinks the currency is  ‘too volatile to trade. ’  Founded in 2015, the Australian hedge fund is considered one of the best performing in the industry.  The Perth-based company, which began trading in April 2016, has been trading between bitcoin prices in Europe and North America before selling in Asia where demand is higher.  Speaking to  The Australian Financial Review , Leon Warburton, portfolio manager of Warburton Global Macro Fund, explained that they were able to get on board early to spread trading between different exchanges.  As a result, the fund achieved a six percent spread and added five percentage points to the fund ’s returns.  Yet, despite the profits the company is making, Warburton is not a long-term believer in bitcoin. One of the issues he has regards the slow speed and high cost of transactions. Unless people are willing to pay a sum of money, transfers can often take hours or days to process, he said.  Because we were getting six to eight percent spreads we were prepared to pay a big premium to get our trades done at the speed of an email, but it ’s just become so congested.  Additionally, of the 25 million who own bitcoin, Warburton says that most  ‘are hoarders ’ who simply treat the currency as a store of value rather than trading with it.  It ’s very sentiment driven. I don ’t think it will ever become a medium of exchange  – it will become like quasi gold.  Taking a Punt  According to Warburton, bitcoin remains too volatile to trade. Yet, he says by taking a basic view of the currency, it would be whether  ‘it ’s going to cannibalise the gold market. ’  At present, gold is valued at $7 trillion. Whereas, the digital currency market is worth $138.4 billion, according to CoinMarketCap.  Yet, if the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) eventually approves an ETF, it may push bitcoin ’s price up to $20,000 or $25,000, says Warburton. This is where bitcoin would  ‘cannibalise ’ five percent of the gold market.  A lot of people suggest you hold one percent of your net worth [in bitcoin] and it will either go to zero or $500,000 [a coin] if you are willing to lose one percent of your portfolio and take a punt that it could add $1 million to $2 million to your wealth you may as well do it.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Singaporean Banks Abruptly Terminate Accounts of Bitcoin Exchanges Twitter  Earlier this week, two local bodies representing the local financial technology (fintech) industry have revealed that Singaporean banks have denied banking services to bitcoin and blockchain startups.  Singapore’s Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Industry Association, or Access, submitted a formal complaint to the Singaporean government, requesting officials to step in and create a fair and transparent environment for fintech companies.   “From our analysis, it appears to be common among leading FinTech hubs. If this is the case, we would urge Singapore to take a leadership role and demonstrate how to come to an effective resolution among all parties,”  said  Access Chairman Anson Zeall.  According to Zeall, 10 companies have already filed complaints to Access alone, and more companies likely filed additional complaints to other fintech bodies and organizations.   Similar to Australia, New Zealand and the UK in 2016  In 2015, leading banks and financial institutions in Australia were investigated by the government for the unfair rejection of services toward bitcoin and blockchain companies. At the time, the Australian Digital Currency Commerce Association Chairman Ron Tucker said in  an interview :  “To the best of our knowledge all, or nearly all digital currency businesses have received letters from their bank, or in many cases banks, advising of the closure of their accounts. This includes at least 17, with 13 of these closed permanently. Whilst we ’re unable to comment on the banks’ motivations (that is for them to explain) however, the consequences of these moves are becoming more clear.”  Unable to receive any banking services from local financial institutions, the majority of bitcoin and blockcahin startups left the Australian fintech sector in late 2015. Consequently, the Australian blockchain industry, which demonstrated positive indicators of growth, lagged behind China, Japan, South Korea, Singapore, and Hong Kong.  “The Australian Bitcoin industry, as part of a larger revolution in financial technology, has seen its growth severely curtailed by this unexplained wave of debanking,” added Tucker.  Earlier this year, at the Blockchain NZ conference held in Auckland, New Zealand, bitcoin and security expert Andreas Antonopoulos spoke out against the government’s failure to provide a fair and competitive industry for fintech startups. He emphasized that the government can either do nothing and isolate itself from fintech development, or take an appropriate approach in regul ating the market.  “Governments can choose to either do nothing – which is okay; make things worse for cryptocurrency trading – like what Australia did by imposing sales taxes on all cryptocurrency transactions; or they can make things easier for companies by reining in the banks and encouraging companies by creating a level playing field,”  said  Antonopoulos.  The Future of the Singaporean Bitcoin and Blockchain Industries  The Australian government’s failure to provide a fair ecosystem to fintech startups and bitcoin companies led to a shortage of innovative and young startups in its finance industry. As an attempt to recover its bitcoin, blockchain, and fintech industries, the Australian government eliminated double taxation on bitcoin and vowed to provide a better environment for fintech startu ps in the upcoming years.  While the efforts of the Australian government could restore its fintech market to an extent, it is still struggling to rebound as most of the startups and entrepreneurs have left the space. If the Singaporean government chooses not to interfere and leave its fintech startups without necessary infrastructure and banking services, startups and entrepreneurs in the region will si mply move over to countries such as South Korea, Japan, and Hong Kong, that have efficient and practical regulatory frameworks.  Already, Singaporean bitcoin exchange CoinHako announced that it will no longer be able to process deposits and withdrawals for its traders due to the closure of its bank accounts operated by DBS. CoinHako co-founder co-founder Yusho Liu wrote:  “The closure of our bank account might be due to matters pertaining to [anti-money laundering rules and know-your-customer requirements.] [That’s] why we go the extra mile to meet compliance standards set by [the MAS.] Even though we don’t fit anywhere in the current regulatory framework, CoinHako is fully committed to working towards a common consensus with the banks to allow  for a more conducive environment going forward.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Hits 7-Day High Beyond $4,100 Twitter  Bitcoin price made a firm upward move to push beyond $4,000 and chalk in a high above $4,100 at press time.  Bitcoin-USD trading firmly rose above the $4,000 mark on Wednesday after flirting with the level over the last few days. Trading data from Bitfinex reveals bitcoin trading to the dollar near $3,900 at the start of the day. Price climbed to $3,960 at 06:00 AM UTC as trading stuck to that figure before a noteworthy spike pushed prices further. At 10:00 UTC, the price of Bitcoin j umped from $3,962 to $4,080, gaining 3% in a 30-minute trading period.  Now back above the $4,000 mark, the momentum stuck as trading climbed further for price to register a new 7-day high of $4,112 on Bitstamp.   At the time of publishing, bitcoin price is seemingly intent on finding a new support level as it continues to trade near $4,100.  The marked uptick in trading activity comes despite news of BTCC, one of China’s ‘big three’ exchanges,  confirming its shuttering  of trading operations and yuan deposits following regulatory scrutiny by Chinese authorities.  Developing…Stay tuned for today’s bitcoin price report.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Breaks Past $4,000 as Crypto Market Cap Grows to $140 Billion Twitter  The bitcoin price broke past $4,000 on Wednesday, headlining another generally-positive day for the crypto markets. Few cryptocurrencies made eye-catching movements, but most made moderate progress to extend the early-week market recovery. Altogether, the markets added another $4 billion, bringing their combined capitalization above the $140 billion threshold.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  The total cryptocurrency market cap began the day at $136.1 billion. It spent most of the day on an incline, eventually reaching $141.8 billion at the time of writing. The crypto market cap has grown by about $10 billion since the start of the week, potentially indicating that traders are adjusting to the post-China bitcoin exchange ban environment.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Punches Through $4,000  Bitcoin headlined the market advance with a march past $4,000. The bitcoin price had been trading at this level a week ago but had succumbed to downward pressure leading into the weekend, eventually reaching a weekly low of $3,555 on September 22. However, it reversed course after reaching that mark and began to scale the charts once again. Wednesday morning, bitcoin broke through $4,000 and has continued to climb, bringing its present value to $4,074. This translates into a $67 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  One factor influencing bitcoin ’s continued climb is the continued development of Asian cryptocurrency infrastructure following China ’s hostile stance toward order-book exchanges. Both South Korea and Japan are expected to fill the void left by Chinese bitcoin exchange giants such as OKCoin, Huobi, and BTCC. To that end, a popular Korean messaging platform has  announced plans  to create a major cryptocurrency exchange, while NXC –a Korean holding company for the $10 billion Japanese gaming firm Nexon –has just  purchased a majority stake in Korbit , Korea ’s second-largest bitcoin exchange.  Ethereum Price Treads Water  The ethereum price did not make significant movement on Wednesday, but it did inch a little bit closer to $300. After beginning the day at $291, the ethereum price dipped below $290 before eventually recovering past that mark Wednesday morning. At present, the ethereum price is trading at $294, which represents a 24-hour increase of about 1%. Ethereum now has a market cap of $27.9 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Ripple Rises to Third  The altcoin markets made moderate gains on Wednesday, although there were a few outliers on both ends of the performance spectrum.  Altcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The most significant altcoin movement came from Ripple, whose price rose 12% the day after the FinTech startup  announced  a new office in Singapore. The Ripple price is now trading at $0.204, which gives the centralized cryptocurrency a market cap of $7.8 billion.  Ripple Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  This surge gave Ripple the momentum it needed to leap over bitcoin cash in the market cap rankings and regain its status as the third-largest cryptocurrency. Bitcoin cash, meanwhile, declined close to 1% for the day, reducing its price to $450 and market cap to $7.5 billion.  The litecoin price rose another 3%, while 6th-place Dash held steady at $342. NEM added 2% to its market cap, which now sits just above the $2.1 billion threshold. The NEO price continued to surge, rising another 17% to $31 and 8th place in the rankings. IOTA –another outlier –declined 3%, while 10th-place Monero rose 4% to bring its price to $96.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   University of Sydney’s Red Belly Blockchain Scales 660,000 Transactions/Sec; 11.5x of Visa, 94,000x of Bitcoin Twitter  New trials from the University of Sydney’s Red Belly Blockchain have found that it can process financial transactions 50 times faster than originally thought, making it quicker than Visa for worldwide payments.  Back in July, it was initially reported that researchers at the university had developed a new model of blockchain that could  process 440,000 transactions per second  on 100 machines. This is compared to Visa’s network, which can process 56,000 transactions per second. Bitcoin is limited to around seven per second whereas the ethereum blockchain can process 20.  These latest results from the university show that the technology’s performance improves as it scales up, according to an  announcement  from the university.  Dr. Vincent Gramoli, who heads the Concurrent Systems Research Group developing the blockchain, said:  Our latest tests showed the Red Belly Blockchain can process more than 660,000 transactions per second on 300 machines in a single data centre. This is a notable improvement from our tests earlier in the year, which showed our blockchain achieved a performance of more than 440,000 transactions per second on 100 machines.  The test results were taken from 14 different locations ranging from Australia, Brazil, Canada, Germany, India, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, the U.K., and the U.S. Ten machines took part in the testing of each area.  Dr. Gramoli added that he doesn’t know of any other blockchain that can achieve these same results.  Our results confirmed that our blockchain achieves better performance than existing technologies used by financial institutions  – including Visa  – even when the machines that have to collaboratively provide the service are located in different continents.  The Red Belly Blockchain is being built to prevent problems currently facing digital currencies such as double spending. It is different from proof-of-work (PoW) blockchains in that it offers a performance that scales without consuming much electricity.  The next stage for the Red Belly Blockchain is to make it available to all Internet users.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Easily Used in Money Laundering, Funding Terror: UAE Central Bank Governor Twitter  The governor of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) central bank has criticized bitcoin by deeming it an unofficial currency lacking supervision.  Mubarak Rashed Al Mansouri, governor of the Central Bank of the UAE was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the Islamic Financial Services Board Summit in Abu Dhabi this week when he rebuked bitcoin. According to the  Emirates News Agency , the official also said that no licenses had been issued to bitcoin startups or cryptocurrency companies to operate in the local region.  The central banker reportedly stated:  Some nations have announced that they are not using Bitcoin, and consequently, its value sharply plummeted. In addition, it can be easily used in money laundering and in funding terror activities.  While the comments are notable for their harsh criticism of the world’s most prominent cryptocurrency, the UAE central bank  contrarily  confirmed that it wasn’t banning bitcoin or any cryptocurrency earlier this year.  On January 1, the authority released a new  regulatory framework  [PDF] for payment systems, with a notable statement that read: “All virtual currencies (and any transactions thereof) are prohibited.” A month later, the central bank chief moved to confirm that virtual currencies would be exempt from the new regulation.  “[T]hese regulations do not cover ‘virtual currency’, which is defined as any type of digital unit used as a medium of exchange, a unit of account, or a form of stored value, Al Mansouri  said . “In this context, these regulations do not apply to bitcoin or other crypto-currencies, currency exchanges, or underlying technology such as Blockchain.”  As such, it remains to be seen if the governor’s critical take on bitcoin impacts the nascent cryptocurrency industry locally.  The UAE saw its first bitcoin exchange  BitOasis launch  in late 2016, headed by a female Jordanian entrepreneur in Dubai. The exchange, which also offers a bitcoin wallet available for users in the Middle East, North Africa and parts of Asia, gained  seed funding  earlier in 2016 ahead of its launch and continues its intent to be the first ‘digital assets’ company to be registered in the MENA (Middle East North Africa) region.  Al Mansouri’s remarks on bitcoin, while predictable, contrast to those offered by his Singaporean counterpart earlier this week.  Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) managing director Ravi Menon said the central bank would keep “ an open mind ” with cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, adding that “the currency itself does not pose a risk that warrants regulation.”  He added:   [I]t is a known fact that cryptocurrencies are quite often  abused  for illicit financing purposes, so we do want to have AML/CFT controls in place. So those requirements apply to the activity around cryptocurrency, rather than the cryptocurrency itself.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   South Korea’s Central Bank Chief: Bitcoin is a Commodity, Not a Currency  Twitter  Bitcoin will be recognized and regulated as a commodity rather than a currency, the head of Korea’s central bank told lawmakers at a parliamentary audit.  Speaking at the National Assembly audit of the Bank of Korea (BOK), the country’s central bank, BOK governor Lee Joo-yeol was reportedly asked “is it possible to see virtual money as a currency?”. According to  Yonhap News , Lee responded to state “it is difficult to look at [virtual currencies] as money by the example [definition] of Bank of International Settlements (BIS). The BIS is an international financial organization based in Switzerland and owned by 60-member central banks around the world, seen as a ‘bank of central banks’.  Lee also expressed the central bank’s current official stance on the regulation of cryptocurrencies, at a time when  bills are being prepared  to regulate – in effect legalize – cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ethereum.  The central bank official stated:  Regulation (of virtual currencies) is appropriate because it is regarded as a commodity. It [cannot be] regulated at the level of a currency.  Still, the central bank isn’t looking at enforcing regulations presently, Lee revealed. “It is not a situation for the Bank of Korea to take action at present.”  In November 2016, South Korean established  a digital currency task force  – a group comprising of the country’s central bank, financial and securities regulators and authorities alongside digital currency companies – to focus on regulatory and licensing parameters for bitcoin exchanges and wider regulations for the digital currency industry. Despite monthly meetings to this end, the task force did not much progress with a failure to reach a consensu s toward a unified call on regulations. As CCN  reported  earlier in June, the participants ‘failed to agree on whether virtual currencies should be included in systems right now and how the systems will work if they are included.”  The Financial Supervisory Service (FSS), the country’s financial regulator, made the notable move of  banning initial coin offerings (ICOs)  following a meeting of the task force, leading to fears of a crackdown on the local cryptocurrency trading market  a-la China . Undeterred, South Korea remains among the world’s largest trading markets for bitcoin.  The central bank was also criticized for its “poor” research on virtual currencies during the audit.  Lee asserted that the bank will do more to research virtual currencies.  The central bank chief stated:  We also refer to a lot of virtual currency research in Sweden and other countries. ” The Bank of Korea will also put more emphasis on virtual currency research… The possibility that the central bank ’s digital money will be issued in the near future is likely to become a means of payment specialized for interbank transactions (domestic transactions) or central bank transactions (domestic transactions).  Bank of Korea image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Patrick Byrne Reveals tZERO ICO Details Twitter  Overstock chief executive Patrick Byrne has revealed details about the initial coin offering (ICO) for tZERO’s SEC- and FINRA-compliant token exchange. Byrne expects the tZERO ICO to “raise a fortune” and potentially set a new record for token sale fundraising.  Overstock CEO Reveals  tZERO  ICO Details  Last month, Overstock  announced  that tZERO  — one of its blockchain portfolio companies  — had entered into a joint venture with the Argon Group and RenGen to develop the first U.S. regulated alternative trading system (ATS) and platform that will be support trading for security tokens. Soon after, Byrne revealed that tZERO would fund the development of this platform with an ICO, a crowdsale that he predicts will “ raise a fortune ” – $200 million to $500 million “easily”.  At Money 20/20, Byrne stated that the tZERO ICO  — which will only be open to accredited investors  — will run from November 15 until approximately December 31 and will be hosted on the recently-announced SAFT Launch platform. As expected, tZERO will embrace the “security” classification, enabling the startup to incorporate both profit-sharing and utility features into the token.  Specifically, Byrne explained that the token will entitle investors to a currently-unspecified percentage of tZERO’s quarterly profits. Additionally, platform users will receive a discount on trading fees if they choose to pay with the token instead of USD.  Byrne forecasts that the launch of tZERO will represent the “tip of the spear” for institutionally-friendly blockchain technologies and investments:  “Three years ago I stood up in front of an audience for the opening Keynote speech at Bitcoin 2014, in Amsterdam, and told the world that the main event of Bitcoin is not Bitcoin, it is the Blockchain, and it would change the world,” stated Byrne in a media release. “While many doubted, the tZERO team worked hard to be at the tip of the spear in creating and launching credible,  capable and institutionally scalable blockchain technologies for crypto assets. Today those efforts are attracting interest from both the crypto community and the largest global institutional funds.”  ‘Most Important ’ Money 20/20 Announcement  This year’s Money 20/20 conference in Las Vegas has served as a forum for several other significant blockchain announcements intended to attract support from institutional investors. As CCN reported, Bloq  — a blockchain startup co-founded by SegWit2x developer Jeff Garzik  — announced that it is developing a  cross-blockchain cryptocurrency  called Metronome that is intended to bring stability to the crypto economy and make institutional firms less hesitant to engage with the ecosystem.  However, although Metronome attracted a great deal of media attention, many industry observers believe that Patrick Byrne’s announcement of key details about the tZERO ICO will have even more far-reaching implications.  Chainstone Labs chief executive Bruce Fenton, for instance,  called  it the “Most important announcement at Money 20/20”.  
INCREASE	   PayPal Co-Founder Peter Thiel: Bitcoin Has  ‘Great Potential Left ’ Twitter  Billionaire investor Peter Thiel believes bitcoin critics are “underestimating” the cryptocurrency ’s “great potential” to become the  “cyber equivalent of gold ”.  Peter Thiel: Bitcoin Has  ‘Great Potential Left ’  The bitcoin price has increased nearly 800% in the past year and is currently trading slightly below $6,000, leading many analysts to claim that it is trapped in a “speculative bubble”. Others, like Peter Thiel, believe that these critics are “underestimating the “great potential” that bitcoin has left.  Source: CoinMarketCap  In an  interview  on Fox Business Network ’s (FBN) Mornings with Maria Thiel, a PayPal co-founder and early Facebook investor, made these comments at the Future Investment Initiative in Riyadh, Saudia Arabia, stating that he believes bitcoin could become the digital equivalent of gold:  “If bitcoin ends up being the cyber equivalent of gold it has a great potential left,” he said,  “Bitcoin is mineable like gold, it ’s hard to mine, it ’s actually harder to mine than gold. And so in that sense it ’s more constrained,” he added.  However, Thiel added that he is skeptical that other cryptocurrencies have the same degree of potential that bitcoin has, alluding to the fact that many altcoins have purported to achieve the chief ends of cryptocurrency more effectively than bitcoin. He stressed that bitcoin can serve as a  “reserve form of money, ” so  “You don ’t need to use it to make payments ”:  “I ’m skeptical of most of them (cryptocurrencies), I do think people are a little bit … underestimating bitcoin especially because  … it ’s like a reserve form of money, it ’s like gold, and it ’s just a store of value. You don ’t need to use it to make payments, ” Thiel said.  Silicon Valley Embraces Bitcoin  Thiel is one of many Silicon Valley fixtures to soften toward bitcoin after initially expressing skepticism about the idea of cryptocurrency. As recently as 2014, Thiel had expressed that he was  not optimistic  bitcoin could achieve mainstream adoption until it was  “used to make more legal transactions ”. However, he  embraced bitcoin  later on after watching the ecosystem grow.  Apple co-founder and fellow Silicon Valley icon Steve Wozniak  awarded similar praise  to bitcoin earlier this week at the Money 20/20 conference in Las Vegas. Stating that the government’s ability to print fiat currency at will made it “kind of phony”, Wozniak stated that he believes bitcoin’s mathematical properties make it superior to the U.S. dollar and even gold.  “Gold gets mined and mined and mined,” he said. “Maybe there’s a finite amount of gold in the world, but Bitcoin is even more mathematical and regulated and nobody can change mathematics. ”  However, Thiel’s comments diverge from those of Saudi billionaire investor Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who stated earlier this week that bitcoin is  “going to implode”  due to a lack of regulatory supervision.     
INCREASE	   SegWit2x Opponents Sound Off on Metronome Twitter  On Tuesday, Bloq  — a crypto firm co-founded by SegWit2x developer Jeff Garzik  — announced that it is developing  Metronome , a cross-blockchain cryptocurrency that will be distributed through a December initial coin offering (ICO).  Garzik says that, among other things, Metronome addresses “existential threats, from forks” and “developer drama” because its smart contracts ecosystem will allow users to make transactions across blockchains and retain the value of their holdings even if an underlying blockchain is compromised.  The announcement comes less than one month before the scheduled date for the SegWit2x hard fork, a Bitcoin protocol “upgrade” that is the subject of contentious debate within the cryptocurrency community. Unsurprisingly, SegWit2x opponents had much to say about Metronome  — and the timing of its release.  OpenBazaar project lead Brian Hoffman  — a former SegWit2x proponent who still supports on-chain scaling  — commented that it was “kind of odd” for Garzik to announce an ICO right before SegWit2x is scheduled to activate. “I’ll take stupid times to launch a new coin for $500, Alex” he tweeted.   I’ll take stupid times to launch a new coin for $500 Alex  — brian hoffman (@brianchoffman)  October 24, 2017   “I’m speechless,” Chaincode Labs co-founder Alex Morcos  stated , “Why spend all our time on [the SegWit2x] fiasco, when [the] only developer for the project doesn’t even care about it[?]”  Noting that Metronome ’s  advisor list  includes SegWit2x advocate Vinny Lingham, Blockstream CSO Samson Mow accused SegWit2x developers and proponents of creating a problem  — a contentious hard fork  — as a pretense to create a cryptocurrency that “solves” that problem.   So everyone pushing for a hard-fork to mess up  #Bitcoin , is now shilling for an ICO that combats forks … We’ve just reached  #PeakScam .  https://t.co/zPBEFKLvjv  — Samson Mow (@Excellion)  October 24, 2017   Core developer Peter Todd levied a similar criticism, dryly  commenting  that  “Creating [SegWit2x] then launching an ICO whose value claim is in part dealing with forks, is probably not what my lawyer would advise. ”  E-Corp CEO  — a parody account that compares SegWit2x to ECoin, the fictional, centralized digital currency from the USA Network drama  Mr. Robot  — expressed his disapproval at Garzik for deciding “to focus on his own centralized coin instead of finishing what he started at ECoin”.   Very disappointed  @jgarzik  decided to focus on his own centralized coin instead of finishing what he started at  #ECoin  — E-Corp CEO (@ECorpCEO)  October 24, 2017   “If you want more money, we can pay more, ” E-Corp offered, advising him against holding an ICO.  But perhaps the most humorous tweet came from Garzik himself  — three years ago, long before anyone believed ICOs would become a major source of fundraising that could  attract more than $3 billion  worth of contributions in a single year.    Just learned a new term from the  #altcoin  world: ICO. Initial Coin Offering. (IMO: signalling the  "dump " of  "pump-n-dump "; h/t  @zmillion )  — Jeff Garzik (@jgarzik)  August 26, 2014   “Just learned a new term from the altcoin world: ICO,” Garzik wrote in August 2014. “IMO: signaling the “dump of “pump-n-dump”.  
INCREASE	   Dutch Bank Suggests Bitcoin Mining Consumes Too Much Electricity Twitter  According to an article published by  Business Insider , Dutch bank ING recently published a study suggesting that bitcoin mining consumes too much electricity. The report claims that a single  bitcoin  transaction consumes as much  electricity  as a house in a whole month, and compares it to the amount of electricity traditional electronic payment methods consume per transaction.  In the piece, ING senior economist Teunis Brosens explains that bitcoin’s power usage is so high because it is necessary to make transaction verification a costly business, in order to make fraudulent transactions costly to those who seek to misuse bitcoin, adding that verifying transactions takes “a lot of processing power and thus electricity.”  Brosens went on to compare the consumption to that of his home in the Netherlands. He stated:  “This number needs some context. 200kWh is enough to run over 200 washing cycles. In fact, it ’s enough to run my entire home over four weeks, which consumes about 45 kWh per week costing €39 of electricity (at current Dutch consumer prices). ”  According to ING’s study, bitcoin consumes an exponentially larger amount of electricity than traditional electronic payment methods such as Visa. Per a chart published on Business Insider, Visa takes about 0.01 kWh (10 Wh) per transaction, while bitcoin takes 200 kWh.      Things aren’t that simple  The Dutch Bank’s piece isn’t completely accurate, and neglects a few factors that could easily solve the problem in the future. For one, according to a  blog post  published by Webonanza in 2015, banks consume more energy than bitcoin miners if we take into account what it takes to run their systems.  The blog post points out that the top 20 U.S. banks consumed 2628 MW, while the bitcoin network only consumed 246 MW at the time of the article. It reads:  “So the top 20 US banks’ offices alone consumes 2628 MW. One may argue on what value, if any, these organizations provide to the citizens of the world for this energy consumption (and carbon footprint), especially considering the bailouts. And they are only open for a few hours per day, on ‘bank days’.”  Moreover, in 2016,  BBC revealed  that 70% of the bitcoin hashrate was based in China, a country in which the vast majority of electricity is produced by burning coal. This creates a huge carbon footprint but, as  Andreas Antonopoulos once stated , Chinese miners are simply turning the electricity they produce into money, turning bitcoin into a type of “energy storage mechanism.”  Finally, bitcoin miners compete with each other and are incentivized to cut costs as much as possible to remain profitable. In the long run, miners might turn to renewable energy sources to make sure they can stay afloat.  HydroMiner , a Vienna-based cryptocurrency mining company, is using hydropower to cut down electricity costs, for example.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Investment Trust Could Triple in Value: Wall Street Strategist Twitter  Wall Street strategist Tom Lee predicts that the Bitcoin Investment Trust (OTC: GBTC) could triple in value by 2022 if his bitcoin price predictions prove to be correct.  Lee, who co-founded market strategy firm FundStrat Global Advisors, has earned a reputation both as a stock market bear and bitcoin bull. He has famously set a  “conservative ” 2022  bitcoin price target of $25,000 , and he maintained that price target even during the  severe market correction  that was initiated by China’s ban on initial coin offerings and bitcoin exchanges.  Now,  Bloomberg  reports that Lee is advising FundStrat clients that the share price of the publicly-traded Bitcoin Investment Trust has the potential to triple if his bitcoin forecast is accurate. At present, the Bitcoin Investment Trust  — the flagship product of Barry Silbert’s Grayscale Investments  — is the only publicly-quoted bitcoin investment vehicle in the U.S. market available to institutional investors. Unlike most of the firms that have applied for bitcoin ETFs (none have been approved so far), GBTC holds the underlying assets directly instead of trading in derivatives contracts.  The trust’s value to investors has been subject to debate in recent months, as its shares have traded at a significant premium over the net asset value (NAV) of the underlying asset. At one point during August, GBTC shares leaped to double the NAV, although the spread has settled down to about 20% in October.  Source: Bloomberg  Despite the premium price, Lee wrote in a report that “GBTC at $688 and with 20% NAV premium is an attractive way to gain exposure to bitcoin,” stating that the NAV spread is inaccurate because it does not factor in the value of the airdropped coins from bitcoin cash and bitcoin gold, altcoins that were created from bitcoin forks. When Lee wrote his report, those assets added a combined $53 to the NAV of GBTC shares.  However, Lee advises investors to be aware that GBTC could face liquidity problems if there is a market panic.  “What could go wrong?” Lee wrote. “The biggest risk, in our view, is the GBTC, as an ETN [exchange-traded note], could face a liquidity problem -— if there is an all out panic. But given the highly audited custody of GBTC and its underlying bitcoin holdings, we see this as a short-term issue.”  At the time of writing, GBTC shares were trading at $704, while bitcoin was priced at a global average of $5,953 following a single-day increase of 8%.  Image from Shutterstock .  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Recovers to $5,780 After Week Long Slump Twitter  After a week long slump, the bitcoin price has recovered to $5,780. The launch of Bitcoin Gold, which has not met the expectations of traders, likely fueled investors to reallocate their funds back into bitcoin.  Bitcoin Gold Caused Bitcoin Price to Decline, Started to Recover  As Cryptocoinsnews previously reported, the execution of the Bitcoin Gold hard fork likely led bitcoin investors to initiate a short-term sell off, to distribute their funds across other alternative cryptocurrencies (altcoins) like Ethereum and Litecoin to avoid the Bitcoin Gold hard fork.  Earlier this week, the development team of Bittrex, the third largest cryptocurrency by trading volume behind Bitfinex and Bithumb, revealed that the codebase of Bitcoin Gold is incomplete, untested, and unaudited. Hence, the Bittrex development team stated that exchanges and wallet platforms will not be able to credit users with Bitcoin Gold unless strong replay protection is implemented.  “At this time, the information and codebase presented by the Bitcoin Gold team is not in a functional state and Bittrex will not commit to opening a Bitcoin Gold trading market,” said the Bittrex team.  More importantly, Bittrex emphasized that crediting investors with Bitcoin Gold at this phase of development would endanger existing bitcoins, which could lead to larger problems in the short-term. The Bittrex team  explained:  “When considering adding tokens to Bittrex exchange we look at the risks involved. Bitcoin Gold does not satisfy our criteria for safety for our users. Taking a snapshot of the Bittrex exchange Bitcoin wallet is also a large disruptive undertaking that requires over 24 hours of preparation (Bitcoin deposits and withdrawals are also suspended during this time) and should not be taken lightly.”  The majority of investors likely did not want to deal with the Bitcoin Gold hard fork because of these circumstances, surrounding the lack of replay protection and the warnings exchanges such as Bittrex have offered in regards to the security and preparation of the Bitcoin Gold codebase.  Consequently, in the past four days, the price of bitcoin remained below the $5,500 mark, even dipping below the $5,300 region at one point.   Well, Bitcoin Gold is now frozen at this block. It doesn 't look like a coincidence that a lot of people sold almost immediately after.  pic.twitter.com/sdh2njb7OH  — Jimmy Song (@jimmysong)  October 24, 2017   Where Does Bitcoin Price Go From Here?  Analysts including prominent bitcoin investor Tuur Demeester stated that a similar trend can be expected prior to the SegWit2x hard fork on November 16. In the mid-term, the SegWIt2x hard fork, if it is pursued as planned, could negatively affect the price of bitcoin, possibly at a larger magnitude than Bitcoin Gold.  But, in terms of volatility, liquidity, regulations and demand from institutional investors, bitcoin is at an optimal position to lead another rally. Already, some of the strictly regulated bitcoin options, futures, and derivatives exchanges like LedgerX have started to record substantially high trading volumes. Billionaire investors including Mike Novogratz have also revealed that a “herd of institutional investors” are entering the cryptocurrency market.  In the upcoming weeks, at least until the hard fork period of SegWit2x, investors could expect a strong rally from bitcoin, once the $6,000 is broken in the short-term.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Storms to $5,955 as Bitcoin Gold Fizzles  Twitter  The crypto markets experienced a moderate recovery on Thursday, as the bitcoin price began to recover from the dip that it entered following the Bitcoin Gold hard fork. Many altcoins achieved slight price bumps as well, enabling the total cryptocurrency market cap to rise above the $172 billion mark.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Early in the day, it appeared that the markets were heading south, continuing their movement from the previous day. However, they began to tick up on Wednesday afternoon, and the crypto market cap currently sits at $172.5 billion, which represents a 24-hour increase of $5.1 billion.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Recovers Near $6,000  The recovery was fueled by a 7.5% bitcoin price rise. After beginning the day in decline, the bitcoin price consolidated support at the $5,485 mark and reversed its trajectory leading into Thursday morning. At present, the bitcoin price is trading at $5,955, which translates into a $99.1 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  It is not immediately clear what is fueling this march back toward $6,000, but many analysts believe it is an early phase of bitcoin ’s eventual transformation into a mainstream asset. Standpoint Research ’s Ronnie Moas, for instance, recently predicted that the bitcoin price will  reach $50,000  over the course of the next decade.  Ethereum Price Stuck Below $300  The ethereum price made a minor gain on Thursday, advancing about seven-tenths of one percent to increase to a present value of $299. Nevertheless, it was unable to pierce the $300 mark or break out of that threshold ’s gravitational pull. Ethereum maintains a market cap of about $28.5 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  ‘Cash ’ Rises as  ‘Gold ’ Fizzles  The bitcoin cash price outperformed the majority of top-tier cryptocurrencies on Thursday, rising as high as $347, although it has since tapered to $340. This is likely due to the dismal performance of  Bitcoin Gold   — another altcoin created from a Bitcoin fork  — during its first few days on the exchanges.  Bitcoin Cash Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Unlike Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin Gold has virtually no community and institutional support, and that has been reflected in its declining price. After debuting near $500, the bitcoin gold price has plunged to $131  — even amid buy pressure from margin traders who needed to purchase it to pay back lenders  — and this may worsen when the network officially launches and traders are able to begin making deposits on exchanges.  Bitcoin Gold Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  This bodes well for bitcoin cash, because industry observers theorize that subsequent forks of bitcoin will have diminishing returns and that the forked coins may cannibalize one another. Though it is still early, it appears that bitcoin cash will emerge the victor in this contest with bitcoin gold.  Altcoins Post Minor Gains  Altcoins  — led by bitcoin cash  — generally made gains on Thursday, although a few top 10 cryptocurrencies did not participate in the advance.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  The ripple price rose about one-half of one percent, but this was not enough to push XRP ’s market cap back across the $8 billion threshold. The litecoin price increased 3%, while dash and NEM sat the rally out. Bitconnect led top 10 cryptocurrencies, posting a 12% increase that raised its price to $219, but the NEO price dropped below the $30 mark after a 4% pullback. Tenth-ranked monero achieved a minor gain, but its price continues to trade below $90.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
INCREASE	   Plexcoin ICO Organizer Held in Contempt by Quebec Superior Court Twitter  PlexCoin ICO organizer Dominic Lacroix has been found in contempt of court in Quebec for violating a ruling that barred Lacroix and his associated companies from holding an initial coin offering in Quebec or soliciting investors from the Canadian province.  The  Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF), Quebec’s chief financial regulator, announced in a statement that the Quebec Superior Court  — the province’s highest trial court  — had found Dominic Lacroix and an associated company, DL Innov inc, in contempt for violating an earlier court order related to the PlexCoin ICO.  In July, the AMF had issued  orders  prohibiting Lacroix and several associated companies from promoting “any form of investment” to investors in Quebec and operating an investment scheme from within the province, even if it was targeted solely at investors who did not live in Quebec. The order specifically mentioned PlexCoin, an ethereum-based token that markets itself as “the next cryptocurrency” and advertises the “potential profit” that investors will make by participating in the early stages of the now-concluded PlexCoin ICO.  In addition, the Financial Markets Tribunal (TMF) ordered PlexCoin to cease advertising on the internet  — anecdotal accounts indicate the PlexCoin ICO had engaged in an aggressive Facebook ad campaign  — close its Facebook accounts, shut down its websites or at least block IP addresses originating from Quebec, and publish the TMF order on the homepage of all associated websites.  When it became clear that Lacroix and PlexCoin did not intend to comply with the orders, the AMF issued a  bulletin  warning investors about the risk of investing in the ICO.  Then, in September, the TMF issued additional orders against Lacroix, associated companies, and another individual named Sabrina Paradis-Royer. Most notably, the orders prohibited them  — as well as banks and third-party payment platforms  — from disposing of “any funds, securities, or other property in their possession or entrusted to them”.  Now, Justice Marc Lesage of the Quebec Superior Court has found Lacroix and DL Innov inc. guilty of contempt of court for repeatedly violating these earlier orders.  From the AMF  announcement :  “In his decision, [Lesage] emphasized that the evidence filed by the AMF demonstrates beyond any doubt that Dominic Lacroix and DL Innov Inc., representatives and alter ego of PlexCorps and PlexCoin, continued to solicit and propose to investors, directly and indirectly, to invest in the purchase of PlexCoin, a virtual currency, after orders issued by the Administrative Court of Financial Markets preventing them from July 20, 2017.”  According to the announcement, a hearing will take place on November 14 to determine the penalty for the finding.  The PlexCoin saga is not Lacroix’s first run-in with the AMF. In June of this year, at the agency’s request, the TMF  banned  Lacroix, DL Innov inc., and several other related companies from  “carrying out, directly or indirectly, any transaction in any form of investment” regulated by the Securities Act as punishment for breaching securities laws. The AMF also  notes  that Lacroix and one of his companies pled guilty to six counts of “illegal placement, illegal practice, and transmission of false or misleading information” in 2013 and were fined $25,000. PlexCoin was not named in either of these rulings.  Some statements in this article have been translated from French.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Web Browser Mining Spawns New Scam Instead of Killing Ads Twitter  The author, David Balaban, is a computer security researcher with over 15 years  of  experience in malware analysis and antivirus software evaluation.   Coinhive  the first browser-based cryptocurrency mining project is becoming a source of income for the Internet malefactors. Its evolution promptly shifts from monetizing website traffic to a workflow of which the army of crypto-crooks benefit.  Coinhive constitutes a Java solution that anyone can upload and integrate into a website. A page hosting such JavaScript library would launch a hidden process that exploits the resources of the user’s device to mine Monero coins. Everything happens through the web-browser.  The design is unique and smart. Well done! Coinhive developers claim it is the best replacement for boring ads. All it needs is an access to the CPU of the device. Websites raise funds while their visitors are enjoying ads-free browsing.  Shortly after the release of the app, the  Pirate Bay  hosted it for a while. As the visitors ’ feedback was unwelcome the Pirate Bay got rid of the novelty.   However, this was the recognition that subsequently lured a couple of other websites, namely showtime.com and showtimeanytime.com, to try Coinhive. Rumors have it that the attackers hacked those websites and dropped the Monero mining JavaScript without any approvals.   Alternate explanation suggests the approval was in place, but only for the trial mode. This theory sounds more likely.  SetThrottle  estimates the Coinhive was running only 3% of the time. In the case of a hack, this ratio would definitely be higher. The alleged intruder would realize the risk of being detected, hence try to get as much as possible as soon as possible.  Latest estimate reveals that top-100 websites like the Pirate Bay may earn 27.5 XMR per month, which is  roughly $12,000 . Since the Pirate Bay is among top-100 most visited websites, while the Showtime is only at the end of the top 10,000, the latter would earn much less than the former.  Good intentions pave the way to hell. The design of Coinhive is no crime, but the miner follows the sad path of a number of other useful solutions harnessed by crooks. In less than a week after the developers introduced their Monero-making product, the cyber-criminals integrated it widely and deeply into their scams.  The first attack hit a popular add-on for Google browser,  SafeBrowse . A compromised extension had Coinhive JavaScript integrated so that any time the Chrome was running, unauthorized mining took place.  Besides, the miners also practice URL hijacking. For instance, the hackers registered a typo-squatted Twitter website, Twitter.com.com (not active anymore). Should you enter the Twitter that way, your browser is to launch the Monero-mining page instead of the true Twitter. Needless to say, you are not going to keep the page open, but even a short visit contributes to the miners ’ business. Finally, a number of such misleading websites may generate decent revenue for their holder.  Further observations revealed  numerous webpages  with their scripts hacked and Coinhive Java running without their webmaster authorization. This was the way a number of Magento and WordPress websites got the Monero-mining JavaScript into their source code.  Larger ad-scam would not stay aside, for sure. At least one  notorious cyber gang  was found to exploit Coinhive for unauthorized mining. Toxic ads steered web-traffic to the pages pretending to provide tech support. Apart from the fake security alerts, the crooks integrated the mining JavaScript into those pages without, of course, any notification.  Experts predict the integration of Monero into adware is but a matter of time. Most likely, the crooks are to integrate it into browser hijackers. There is hardly any obstacle that would prevent the adware developers from modifying the original payload of their infections to include the background mining with the Coinhive script.  The Coinhive release is available to anyone willing to mine. Its developers claim they assume no liability whatsoever for the way the app is to be used. The hackers do not care either misusing the miner in every possible way.  Already now, the public has labeled Coinhive mining a crypto-jacking due to its hijacking browsers for the unauthorized mining purposes.  IT security is preparing to withstand wide-scale crypto-jacking campaigns. Major  anti-adware vendors  blacklisted the Coinhive almost immediately upon its release.  Other web developers came up with a pair of dedicated solutions.  AntiMiner  and  minerBlock  examine Chrome process and detect and kill any mining activities.  Big news like  WannaCry  and other  ransomware cases , CCleaner and  Equifax  hacks have already marked this year for IT security, but mining for Monero and other coins is very likely to top the ongoing hacking. Adware is readily available to support the mining scam.  Malware research labs report observing over  1.5 million devices  hit by mining apps. The report covers only first half of this year and only 100% confirmed cases. The cryptocurrency miners are also increasingly landing on corporate networks.  The Coinhive developers are proud to admit their tool is way more popular than they could ever dream but their dreams come true in an awkward, if not ugly, way. Hackers heavily misuse the solution and combine it with malware.  
INCREASE	   ‘Bubblish’ Bitcoin ‘Just an Application’ of Blockchain, Says China Renaissance CEO Twitter  The head of a major Chinese investment bank has claimed bitcoin isn’t as significant as its underlying blockchain technology.  Fan Bao, chief executive of investment bank China Renaissance, believes bitcoin is “getting a little bit bubblish” following its recent all-time highs above $6,200, up from $1,000 at the turn of the year.  “Obviously, right now it’s [bitcoin price] getting a little bit hot, like the weather outside,” Bao said an interview with  CNBC  recorded in Saudi Arabia. “[It’s] getting a little bit bubblish.”  Instead, the investment banker is more bullish about blockchain, the underlying technology powering cryptocurrencides like bitcoin.  Referencing blockchain technology separately from bitcoin, Bao went on to state:  I think blockchain is a very exciting technology, probably the most disruptive technology in our industry, the financial services industry. Bitcoin is just one application of [blockchain technology].  Bao’s comments come at a time when bitcoin is firmly in the mainstream with everyone from heads of states like  Putin  to Wall Street banks’  chiefs  offering an opinion on decentralized cryptocurrencies that function independently from state controls. Bitcoin hit an all-time high of $6,200 a week ago.  Meanwhile, multiple governments around the world are either researching or already developing blockchain-based applications for multiple industries including  trade finance ,  logistics ,   land registry ,  pensions  and more.  Featured image from YouTube/ WSJ .  
INCREASE	   P2P Lending Will Change the Way Credit Is Dispensed Globally Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story.   One of the greatest problems that we face today is the disconnect between the economy and the people. It is the hard work of everyday people that drives growth but it is not always the case that people who struggle on the ground get to reap the rewards.  As an example OECD  research  points out that financial sector works constitute 19% of the top 1% earners but the share of finance in the overall employment is only 4%. Just like the skewed numbers surrounding financial sector, the whole state of the economy is lopsided and favours people in certain geographies, positions or sectors. What if we could restore the balance in the economy and give everyone a f air chance at achieving success? What if we could create a system in which people would be able to bring their financial dreams to fruition on their own terms?  Karma is attempting to build a new economic ecosystem  that would allow individuals, entities and professionals around the world to be partners in economic success.  Giving credit where credit is due  Credit equals power in today’s economies. If you have access to credit, you can start a business, fund a school or a hospital, start a factory and do much more. The lack of credit means squandered dreams and projects. However, for the vast majority of the world credit remains an obstacle to be overcome. There is also a huge imbalance in the way credit is structured around the w orld. In developed world, there are huge reserves of money lying in banks at sub zero, zero or miniscule interest rates. On the other hand in the developing world where there is a dearth of credit, loans can only be had at rates as high as 20-30%. This disparity makes it very difficult for people in developed world to realise good returns on their idle money and for people in t he developing world to get access to credit at favourable terms that would allow them to start Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) or businesses. Andrey Kostin, CEO of VTB Group, one of the largest financial holdings in the CIS recently  said at a conference , “SMEs loans are pointless for banks.”  Banks are failing the people of the world  SMEs have a huge role to play in the development of the world economy. According to  Eurostat , SMEs represent around 99% of all enterprises. In  OECD  countries alone SMEs are  responsible for job creation to the tune of 60-70%. However, are these enterprises getting the kind of support from the banking sector that they should be getting?  Karma’s founder  and Vice Chairman of the Blockchain Experts Chamber of the Russian Parliament George Goognin’s example proves otherwise. He tried to get a business loan from 23 Russian banks. The banks put conditions such as 200-300% collateral in terms of real estate and bills of exchange. There is even the example of one Russian bank that spent 6 months trying to process a SME loan and then  finally gave up. George Goognin tells us, “I ’ve had a profitable growing business with long corporate contracts and tried to get an SME loan less than my 1-year net profit. I ’ve called and mailed to 23 banks, but nobody wanted to talk with me without 200-300% collateral in real estate or the same bank ’s securities.”   It is not the case that the banks are faring better in other areas as well. Given that a vast amount of people from developing countries choose to migrate abroad and send money home to their families, the banks could provide better services to this floating populace. However, what we have normally seen is dismal performance from the banks. According to the  World bank Remittance Prices Worldwide , As of September 2017 the banks provided most expensive remittance services with the average cost being 11%. It also takes multiple days for banks to process remittances.   Karma wants to create a better alternative  The answer to a lot of the ills that afflict the modern day economy is in peer2peer (P2P) lending. Creating an economy in which the constituents of the economic power hold the power. What we need today is an ‘economy of trust’. Karma plans to use the blockchain in such a way that individuals as well as legal entities can make the most of profitable relationships with each other. This will entail creating a community of participants, who will be able to lend money, borrow money, insure against default, Score loans and carry out assessments and even collections. All of this will be fuelled by the Karma token that will be at the centre of this new ecosystem. The best part is that Karma will try to remove the shackles of geography and allow people anywhere in the world to l oan money to other people. The blockchain based system would be reliable and based on ratings of the users of Karma. In a  whitepaper  put out by Karma the jist of the system has been explained as, “The task of Karma is to create an ecosystem with a rich variety of relations between participants. People will have the opportunity to exchange their available resources directly with other people, with and without interest, for a period of time to be determined between peers.”  Engaging people to build the Ecosystem  Karma are engaging ordinary investors to build this economic ecosystem of the future. A token sale is being held by them between 27-29 November 2017. On the first two days of the token sale i.e. 27 and 28 November, the sale is open for investors who are know your customer (KYC) compliant and have been added to the white list. If there are tokens leftover from these days, they will be put on sale on 29th of November on an open sale. The sale of Karma tokens is legal in all jurisdictions including the United States and China. Qualified US investors can participate. The basic price of  Karma Token  is US$ 0.01. Early investors can get discounts of 50% till US$ 1 mln is collected, thereafter 30% discount is available till US$ 3 mln is collected and 15% till US$ 8 mln is collected. There is a hard cap of US$ 10 mln on the token sale.   The Karma token  will be used for commissions on activities such as scoring, transaction processing, insurance collections etc. Token supply will remain fixed and as more people utilise the Karma tokens and purchase them for conducting transactions, scarcity is expected to drive the price higher. Token holders will benefit from priority access to new applications if they hold more than 100,000 tokens and can also avail 50% discount on conducting transactions on the Karma platform.  Karma is about commonsense  Giving people access to cheap credit just makes sense. The route adopted by  Karma  is just one step in that direction. In order to start a project on this scale, it would need the involvement of the world at large. Yet every journey begins with the first step. The token sale for Karma is that step. They are planning to launch an Alpha-Version as soon as November 2017, which would allow p2p lending in the form of crypto pawnshop where USD loans would be available against BTC/ETH collaterals and SMEs zero collateral loans. Can Karma change the way we look at money, banking and finance? It won’t take long to find out.   
INCREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Jumps to $5,848, Up Nearly $500 in a Day Twitter  It has been a day of gains for bitcoin price in Thursday’s trading as price struck $5,848 following a sharp spike before midday (UTC).  Bitcoin prices slipped this week following the  Bitcoin Gold  hard fork, leading to a sell-off by traders to stake their bets on altcoins. However, a  lack of support  for the new cryptocurrency has seen traders flock back to bitcoin with prices  recovering  after a week-long slump which saw price strike a low of $5,365 (Bitfinex) yesterday.  On Thursday, bitcoin price has continued its climb to reach a high of $5,848 at press time, gaining $483 from its lowest level yesterday.   Developing…Stay tuned for today’s market analysis.  
INCREASE	   Decentralized Gaming Solutions TriForce Token Announces IP Audit and Token Sale Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN does not endorse the company, product or service mentioned in the content below and urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence.  Decentralized gaming solutions powerhouse, TriForce Tokens, has announced its latest momentum-building partnership aimed at disrupting the $100 Billion USD gaming industry.  The partnership with the prestigious Coventry University Enterprises Ltd will bring about strategic corporate and business cooperation between both companies. Coventry University Enterprises Ltd hosts the award-winning Technology Park, a supportive and prestigious location for hi-tech, forward-thinking and knowledge-based companies. and home to the Serious Games Institute. The Serious Games Institute (SGI) is an international centre for excellence in Serious Games applied research, business engagement and study.  The announcement comes off the heels of TriForce Tokens synergy with two of the industry’s foremost advocates: TIGA, a games, publisher and trade network; and Crypto Valley Association, a Swiss based collective of the world’s leading blockchain and cryptographic tech initiatives. TriForce Tokens has identified the need for a versatile and scalable approach to solving the gaming industry inherent problems which tends to stem from the expensive and unfair development and distribution models.  Backed by a highly-skilled team of developers, engineers, designers, and marketeers, TriForce Tokens is taking the booming online games industry into the blockchain era through a decentralized platform matches players to games that they will love — including those they would otherwise miss out and developers to community data and new distribution models. The platform will also provide rapid deploy of common features such as tournaments, P2P trading and peer ranking across all games and platforms, while rewarding the community for helpful behaviors through a transparent and honorary system.  Developers will benefit from TriForce Tokens’ big data algorithms and behavioural analysis, learning deep player insights that will greatly assist in creating novel gaming experiences.  TriForce Tokens has also released their much anticipated white paper in the lead up to the ICO campaign after successfully initiating an IP audit with Innovate UK, the UK government’s innovation agency in the lead up to their ICO. The audit will help TriForce Tokens brand itself as a leader in the online gaming industry and connect them with key industrial partners through its innovation networks.  TriForce Tokens (TFT) will be the currency powering payments and rewards on the decentralized, Steam‐like gaming ecosystem. These tokens will also be made for trading on external platforms, driving market value appreciation and are currently being offered to the public via an Initial Coin Offering (ICO).  TFT’s ICO launches on November 12, 2017 and will run for approximately two weeks, until November 25, 2017.  TriForce Tokens is the source of this content. Virtual currency is not legal tender, is not backed by the government, and accounts and value balances are not subject to consumer protections. This press release is for informational purposes only. The information does not constitute investment advice or an offer to invest.  
INCREASE	   Solving Advertisement and Cloud Concerns with a Unified Solution Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story.   Modern web advertisements have become a considerable annoyance for website visitors. Recent consumer reports show that 43-73% of people dislike online pop-ups, mobile ads, and banner advertisements on websites. Additionally, many individuals express that advertisements have become more intrusive and prevalent in recent years. Web advertisements, in their many forms, have ultimately created a less than favorable user experience.  Despite the shared resentment among web users regarding ads, the use of advertisements as a form of generating revenue is a common and often necessary evil for website owners. Hosting content on a website requires purchasing server space and processing power, which can become a costly endeavor as a website grows. Thus, website owners often rely on web advertisements to help pay for operating costs or by requiring consumers to pay a monthly fee for ad-free content delivery. What if there was a better alternative to the use of web advertisements or pay-wall subscriptions? What if there was a method of generating revenue for website owners and content publishers that did not involve overwhelming your consumers with intrusive, annoying banners and videos?  The escape from advertisements  Oyster is a new protocol that approaches revenue generation on the web in a way radically different than past solutions. By offering the choice for users to commit a small portion of their device’s computing power to perform proof of work in return for web content, Oyster allows website owners to generate revenue without hindering the experience of their consumers. However, offering an alternative for revenue generation is not the sole purpose of the Oyster protocol. Oyster provides a decentralized storage solution for users made possible through the proof of work performed by content consumers. The Oyster protocol accomplishes this by combining the benefits of both the Ethereum blockchain and IOTA Tangle. Users spend Ethereum-based Pearl tokens to store their data on a  decentralized ledger which operates on top of the IOTA Tangle. The Pearls are embedded in the encrypted data map of the user’s uploaded file. The devices of website visitors search for the Pearls across the IOTA Tangle. As they search for the Pearls, they inadvertently commit the data to the Tangle so that it is retained longer. Therefore, Oyster induces a blockchain treasure-hunt to bridge the economies of content publishers, content consumers, storage providers, and storage consumers. By uniting all these separate parties, Oyster unlocks the hidden revenue potential of the web. Additionally, Oyster is easily integrated into a new or existing website.  Cloud Storage Demand  What storage users are looking for is truly private cloud storage. After the Edward Snowden incident in 2013, users have been searching for cloud storage alternatives that are secure and private. This shift in demand has boosted privacy-focused cloud companies like SpiderOak. However, these companies use proprietary solutions that are ultimately closed-source which leaves the end user stranded without a fully-auditable solution. Even if the company made some of their code open-source, the end user doesn’t know what is really being executed on their servers. Oyster is a fully decentralized solution for anonymous, secure data retention and operates purely on a node’s individual economic self-interests. The entire source code is auditable and data is encrypted in the brows er before it reaches the tangle. A user can inspect the operational source code of the Oyster web client in their browser developer tools before they expose their sensitive information.  Accessibility and Consent  A website owner can add a single line of code to their website to enable Oyster’s revenue generating potential. Unlike similar operations conducted by The Pirate Bay which utilized site visitors’ computing power to mine cryptocurrencies without notifying the users, Oyster will explicitly inform content consumers that their computational power is being requested, and it will be the consumers’ choice to comply with this request or to refuse offering their device’s resources. Similar to how several websites will deny content to users using ad blocking software, website owners using Oyster will have the option to withhold content from users who do not offer their device’s resources. By offering an alternative to traditional web advertisements and subscription pay-walls, Oys ter plans to revolutionize the relationship between content publishers and consumers by offering a mutually beneficial platform that will lay the foundation for a decentralized storage network.  For more information visit Oyster’s  website .  Telegram:  https://t.me/oysterprotocol  Twitter:  https://twitter.com/OysterProtocol  
INCREASE	   Block Collider: A Multi-Chain Built on the Same Protocol Used by Hedge Funds for High Frequency Trading Twitter  Blockchain technology has cleared many hurdles since it’s inception in January 2009. It’s clear the next big challenge is how two blockchains will work together. With proposals like Polkadot Network or Cosmos two years away the Block Collider team brings us something that is not only available in a few months but doesn’t use validators.  What’s the problem with validators?  Validators are machines that promise the state or condition of another blockchain so that you the user can feel safe completing a transaction. For example, if you were exchanging Bitcoin for Ethereum with a user on the Ethereum chain a Validator would confirm with you that a user sent you his/her Ethereum so that you could send your BTC.  According to the Block Collider co-founder Patrick McConlogue, “validators are nothing better than decent centralization”. He lays out several weaknesses but stresses  that validators like banking institutions before the blockchain revolution put the power of the financial network’s strength in the hands of a few with either the biggest bank accounts or the fastest servers. Sou nd familiar? Patrick McConlogue  continues and says that to continue to evolve finance “we must press for innovative solutions that hold true the decentralized vision of Bitcoin’s Satoshi”.  The Block Collider multi-chain solution drops validators by flipping the problem upside down.  Using a new algorithm called Proof of Edit Distance (PoED) the Block Collider doesn’t have trust/wait for validators to approve of changes in other blockchains. PoED uses the blocks of other crypto-currencies as a part of the actual mining challenge which means that miners are incentivised to always have the right block as fast as possible from all member chains.  Regardless of where this puts Cosmos and Polkadot we are curious to see the implications of this method when looking at other purposed network solutions that purpose validators like “Plasma” recently introduced by Vitalik Buterin, Ethereum’s Chief Data Scientist.  The protocol used by hedge funds.  Beyond validators, the Block Collider has implemented several core functionalities which make the blockchain friendly for enterprises. The foremost of which is “FIX” or the Financial Information eXchange. According to Wikipedia the FIX protocol “is an electronic communications protocol initiated in 1992 for international real-time exchange of information related to the securiti es transactions and markets.” We confirmed NASDAQ, Interactive Brokers, and Goldman Sachs are all using the protocol as a API for orders, trading, and market data.  In the Block Collider the FIX API is used on each of the nodes allowing users to subscribe to transactions and atomic swaps being conducted on the Block Collider populating  their existing charts and tools with data. While the team does not have a live demo available that said the feature is being added to the core client and should be a part of the network when it goes live in  January 2018.  A blockchain wallet you can have a conversation with  At the inception of Bitcoin, the only way to send Bitcoins was using a rough command line interface you interacted with in your computer’s terminal. While Bitcoin wallets have come a long way since then with mobile apps and desktop programs the Block Collider team believes these are just the beginning. That is why the Block Collider team created Avon which co-founder Arjun Raj  Jain describes as “your blockchain wallet butler”. Avon is a chat-bot that is designed to be built into many platforms like Telegram, WeChat, and Facebook Messenger but the team was most excited about the Amazon Alexa platform. While we were a little confused on how this would work with many consumers, Arjun put together a demo video on the Block Collider website.  An example app on the Block Collider could be the next WikiLeaks  Whistleblowers have the hard task of proving allegations they bring forth, sometimes placing the whistleblower in jeopardy or even worse danger. Using the Block Collider app called Bleed users can store secrets that automatically decrypt at some point in the future if a secret transaction is not made on the blockchain.  With Bleed, individuals can encrypt secrets on multiple blockchain only revealing themselves when the user executes a specific transaction. Bleed comes to the rescue of whistleblowers by automatically decrypting and transmitting to the world when the user fails to input a transaction.  Though the target audience may be whistleblowers, Bleed may also be a handy tool used by organizations to safe keep secrets of trade.  Block size  The last thing the team showed us is called Emblems. With Emblems the Block Collider developers hope to resolve the debate about block size. As far as we can tell Emblems are like tokens but the more miners have of the crypto currency the more transactions can be added to a block. If you didn’t get this that’s ok we didn’t either but basically the reason Bitcoin keeps forking h as a lot to do with people arguing about what block size (8MB, 1.6MB, 4MB) etc. The Block Collider team says that Emblems let’s the blocksize become relative and to change based on the needs of the market. It’s complex but sounds useful.  ICO  During the ICO Emblems will also help the Block Collider distribute it’s own “basket of tokens”. They call these tokens Marked Tokens and sound a lot like colored coins to us. Basically you get amounts of marked tokens sent to you based on amount of Emblems to use. We had never heard of something like this being done but the team described they have already proven the technolog y during their private developers-only presale.  
INCREASE	   US Secret Service Agent Get 2 Extra Years for Silk Road Bitcoin Theft Twitter  A former U.S. Secret Service agent who was sentenced to 71 months in prison in 2015 for stealing thousands of dollars worth of bitcoin during an investigation into darknet marketplace Silk Road, has been sentenced to an additional two years in prison for another cryptocurrency theft.  Shaun Bridges, 35, was sentenced by the U.S. District Court Judge Richard Seeborg in San Francisco yesterday, according to a  sentencing memorandum  prior to the Tuesday hearing. In August, Bridges  pleaded guilty  to stealing an additional 1,600.6488 bitcoins from a separate investigation. A report suggests that at the time of his arrest the coins were worth about $470,000. Today that figure amounts to $11.9 million.  In 2015, Bridges was  sentenced to six years in prison  after pleading guilty to money laundering and obstruction of justice while investigating the Silk Road case. When arrested he admitted to stealing more than $800,000 worth in bitcoin while serving on a Baltimore task force investigating the dark web marketplace.  According to court documents, the former agent moved his bitcoins to BTC-e, the exchange that was shut down earlier in August. Bridges then proceeded to move his funds to other wallets that he used.  At the time, it was suggested that if Bridges was convicted he could see a further 10 years added to his prison sentence, as well as a $250,000 fine. This latest news, however, shows that he only faces an extra two years in prison. Judge Seeborg has ordered that Bridges serve this new sentence consecutively with his current jail time. The sentencing memorandum suggests that it  is due to Bridges ’ cooperation in the case that he has received a lesser sentence.  Drug Enforcement Administration agent  Carl Force IV was sentenced to 78 months  in October 2015, for money laundering, extortion, and obstruction of justice. The rogue agent had pleaded guilty for stealing $370,000 from a customer of CoinMKT, a bitcoin company he was moonlighting for, illegally.  The creator and operator of Silk Road, Ross Ulbricht, was  sentenced to life in prison  in 2015 after being convicted of seven counts against him, including narcotics trafficking conspiracy, continuing a criminal enterprise, computer hacking conspiracy, and money laundering conspiracy.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   No Ban? Malaysia’s Securities Watchdog Plans Cryptocurrency Regulation Twitter  Malaysia’s statutory securities regulator and watchdog has revealed plans toward regulations for cryptocurrency trading in the country.  In a  speech  on Monday at the SCxSC Digital Finance Conference in Kuala Lumpur, Securities Commission (SC) Malaysia chairman Ranjit Ajit Singh underlined the progress made in fostering and developing financial technologies in digital markets, following the commission’s ‘Digital Markets Strategy’ earlier this year.  Ranjit went on to add that the authority is keeping an eye on the cryptocurrency trading space by “reviewing relevant regulations and guidelines to facilitate functional and effective use cases of digital assets in the capital market” with the regulatory oversight extending to “secondary market trading of established cryptocurrency and digital assets.”  Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the FinTech conference, Ranjit  stated :  The interest level and demand for cryptocurrency is on the rise and it is important for the regulators to acknowledge and embrace this trend…We hope to be able to have it [regulations]in a few months, but I am hesitating to give a specific timeframe.  The regulatory official revealed the Malaysian SC is looking at templates adopted by other regulatory counterparts globally before outlining its own framework.  Ranjit also confirmed that the regulator was working with Bank Negara Malaysia, the country’ central bank, toward developing and installing the framework in the coming months.  Together with the BNM, we will look at the area carefully to apply the right framework. The SC is in charge of secondary markets, therefore our position on the cryptocurrency trading is to craft regulations that the trading venues have the right conditions in place for market integrity, as well as investor protection purposes.  The move toward regulations will come as a relief for the country’s cryptocurrency traders, both retail and institutional after the central bank refused to rule out  a blanket ban  on cryptocurrencies less than a month ago.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Futures Mirrors Tulip Bubble Crash: UBS Analyst Twitter  A UBS economist says that CME Group’s plan to launch bitcoin futures contracts mirrors Tulipmania in 17 th -century Holland.  As CCN has  reported , Chicago derivatives exchange operator CME Group has announced plans to provide its clients with bitcoin futures contracts before the end of the fourth quarter. In addition to luring Wall Street capital into bitcoin-related products, the creation of bitcoin futures will likely lead to the first commercially-available Bitcoin ETF.  However, not everyone is excited about bitcoin derivatives. UBS economist Paul Donovan  told CNBC  that he sees dangerous parallels between the structure of CME Group’s bitcoin futures and the crash of the  Dutch tulip bubble  in 1637.  The tulip bubble comparison has been hashed and rehashed on multiple occasions, and as CCN has  explained  in the past, it is inaccurate. However, Donovan introduces a new dimension to the argument by focusing his criticism on the similarity between the proposed bitcoin futures contracts and the tulip futures that contributed to the collapse of the tulip market in Holland.  Specifically, he points to the fact that the futures will be cash-settled rather than commodity-settled. Ordinarily, the way a futures contract works is that a buyer and a seller agree on a price for a commodity that will be delivered on a certain date. Professional traders buy and sell these contracts to place bets on the future value of the underlying commodities, and whoever  owns a contract at its expiration receives physical delivery of the commodity.  However, CME’s bitcoin futures will be cash-settled, which means that cash will be delivered upon contract expiration rather than bitcoins. Donovan says this mirrors the creation of cash-settled tulip futures in Holland in 1636 – just one year before the tulip bubble popped.  “The idea of not physically delivering the product was rather shocking to contemporaries (as it turns out, the market crashed before bulbs could have been delivered anyway – bulbs were lifted in June 1637 for physical delivery). Traders met in groups (in taverns), called  ‘Colleges. ’ Think of the taverns as the cryptocurrency exchanges of their day, ” Donovan said.  Donovan is not the only person at UBS to express skepticism about the future of bitcoin. Just last month, the investment bank published a research paper referring to bitcoin as a “ speculative bubble ”. Nor is he the only critic of CME ’s launch of bitcoin futures. Themis Trading principal Joe Saluzzi said that the exchange was  “ playing with fire ” and said that the products reminded him of the collateralized debt obligation (CDO) products that contributed to the 2008 financial crisis.  
INCREASE	   Tezos Founders Hit With Class-Action Lawsuit Twitter  A disgruntled initial coin offering (ICO) participant has filed a class action lawsuit against the founders and promoters of the $232 million Tezos blockchain project.  The lawsuit [ PDF ], which was filed in the San Francisco County branch of the California Superior Court, follows an  explosive investigative report  that revealed infighting between Tezos founders Kathleen and Arthur Breitman and Johann Gevers, the head of the Tezos foundation, the organization that oversaw the project’s  $232 million ICO  and maintains control of those funds.  The Breitmans accuse Gevers of self-dealing, while Gevers accuses the Breitmans of attempting to exert undue control over the operations of the foundation. Against this backdrop, development of the Tezos blockchain has lagged behind stated targets, and the price of Tezos futures has dropped considerably on cryptocurrency exchanges. Now, one crowdsale participant is accusing bot h sides of committing securities fraud.  The plaintiff in the case is Andrew Baker, who contributed one bitcoin to the Tezos ICO. He is represented by legal firm Taylor-Copeland.  The suit names as defendants the Breitmans and their company – Dynamic Ledger Solutions – as well as Johann Gevers and the Tezos Foundation. It further names public relations firm Strange Brew Strategies, which promoted Tezos ahead of its IC O.  The suit claims that Strang Brew Strategies made misleading statements about the status of Tezos development leading up to the ICO, including telling news organizations that companies such as Ernst  & Young, Deloitte, and LexiFi had adopted Tezos in their development labs. The firms, however, claim that although they are considering the project ’s technology as a potential blockchain solution, they have not implemented it.  Similarly, the suit accuses the founders of misleading potential token buyers about the time it would take to complete the development of and launch the blockchain. It further claims that these statements are not covered by the “safe harbor” provision for forward-looking statements since they were not specifically identified as such when made.  The suit also claims that, despite Tezos’ assertions to the contrary, ICO contributions were investments – not donations. Consequently, the suit alleges that the ICO constitutes a securities offering under U.S. federal law and that the crowdsale violated securities regulations.  If the lawsuit succeeds, it could have serious implications, both for Tezos and token distribution events in general. However, Brian Klein, attorney for the Breitmans,  told Reuters  that the lawsuit “is without merit” and that they intend to ‘aggressively defend themselves.” Some legal analysts agree, stating that the lawsuit is  unlikely to succeed  since the crowdsale had barred U.S. residents from participating in the sale and Baker would have had to misrepresent his nationality in order to contribute.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Achieves New All-Time High at $7,800, as SegWit2x is Canceled Twitter  Earlier today, on November 8, BitGo CEO Mike Belshe announced the end of SegWit2x on the SegWit2x Mailing List. Shortly thereafter, the bitcoin price surged to $7,800, achieving a new all-time high.   Many of the major supporters of SegWit2x including ShapeShift CEO Erik Voorhees, Bitmain founder Jihan Wu, Xapo CEO Wences Casares, Blockchain CEO Peter Smith, and SegWit2x lead developer Jeff Garzik signed the official announcement of Belshe, officially announcing their withdrawal of support from the SegWit2x hard fork.  The announcement  read:  “Although we strongly believe in the need for a larger block size, there is something we believe is even more important; keeping the community together. Unfortunately, it is clear that we have not built sufficient consensus for a clean blocksize upgrade at this time. Continuing on the current path could divide the community and be a setback to Bitcoin’s growth. This was never the goal of SegWit2x.”  Belshe further stated:  “We want to thank everyone that contributed constructively to Segwit2x, whether you were in favor or against. Your efforts are what makes Bitcoin great. Bitcoin remains the greatest form of money mankind has ever seen, and we remain dedicated to protecting and fostering its growth worldwide.”  No Hard fork on November 16, Market Confident in Bitcoin  CCN previously reported that the decline in support for SegWit2x has been a major factor in driving the bitcoin price to new highs in the past week. While several analysts argued that it is the supporters of SegWit2x triggering the price to increase as funds from altcoins moved over to bitcoin, others firmly stated that such theory is far fetched and frankly, overreaching.   Over the past 24 hours, as the SegWit2x hard fork was terminated and support for the solution was abandoned by its lead developer and companies, the bitcoin price has increased by over 9 percent. Hence, it is evident that the community has been anticipating a chain split to not occur by mid-November and has been confident in the mid-term performance of bitcoin.  In the upcoming weeks, if the bitcoin price sustains its upward momentum created by the termination of SegWit2x, there exists a solid chance it could break the $10,000 interim target of analysts like Max Keiser, given the optimism towards bitcoin by the US market. CME Group, the world’s largest options exchange by trading volume, is planning to launch a bitcoin futures exchange by the end of 2017, which could also trigger the demand for bitcoin from the traditional financial industry.  No Price Drop in November  Prior to the withdrawal of SegWit2x, analysts predicted a major correction to occur after the SegWit2x hard fork, as funds in bitcoin move to SegWit2x and other altcoins. But, the possibility of a major correction has been eliminated with the cancellation of SegWit2x, creating a bullish short-term scenario for bitcoin.  In the upcoming weeks, the bitcoin price could highly likely move towards surpassing the $8,000 mark, given that a chain split has been avoided.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   We Aren ’t Ignoring Cryptocurrencies : European Central Bank Board Member Twitter  A member of the executive board at the European Central Bank (ECB) has asserted that the authority keeping tabs on cryptocurrencies.  In an interview published in late October, ECB executive board member Benoît Cœuré touched on the institution’s stance on cryptocurrencies, deeming them as “speculative financial instruments” at a time when bitcoin nears its all-time high above $7,500 with value gains over 650% since the turn of the year.  When asked why the ECB and other central banks are ignoring bitcoin amid a boom in awareness and adoption, Cœuré stated:  We aren’t ignoring them. At the moment, cryptocurrencies don’t pose any monetary risk because the amounts involved are marginal. They are speculative financial instruments which create risks of a financial or even criminal nature.  He went on to add that central banks around the world are watching cryptocurrencies closely “because they can spread rapidly”. Countries that “are moving away from banknotes and coins” to research and develop their own digital currencies are also monitoring cryptocurrencies, Cœuré said.  Earlier in September, ECB president Mario Draghi  said  “it’s not within our powers to prohibit…or regulate bitcoin”, before stating separately that the cryptocurrency was  still too immature  to warrant any regulation from the authority.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   NetCents to Offer Asset-Based Coin to Improve Transactions Twitter  This is a sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  NetCents Technology Inc., a Canada-based payment processor supporting multiple currencies, will issue a new asset-backed digital coin called NetCents Coin intended to be a widely circulated coin that will improve on existing cryptocurrencies for making financial transactions.  The NetCents Coin Foundation (NCCF) offering NetCents Coin brings significant experience in processing cryptocurrency payments through its proprietary systems.  NetCents Technology Inc. clients – both merchants and consumers who are transaction driven as opposed to speculative – have been pushing the company to find a more stable alternative for everyday use.  With NetCents Coin scheduled for release later this month, NCCF will create opportunities for businesses and consumers while providing financial inclusion for many who are presently constrained. NetCents Technology Inc. issued a  whitepaper  earlier this month.  A Unique Coin  Using existing, proven, blockchain architecture, the coin’s uniqueness lies in its release mechanism and reserve account, features that ensure the cryptocurrency will be fully scalable. It has been designed to provide downside protection through a significant, ever increasing, cash reserve account.  The multichain technology ensures that only chosen participants manage the blockchain.  The coin is not pegged to another asset class or fiat currency, but is designed to appreciate in value in a controlled manner over time as more users adopt the coin. It will be able to absorb billions, if not trillions, of dollars while minimizing price volatility.  The coin release algorithm ensures a stable supply/demand equilibrium that will provide a steady price increase, unlike existing cryptocurrencies.  Existing Coins’ Shortcomings  Existing current cryptocurrencies are volatile and speculative, offering limited long-term stores of value to the population at large.  Bitcoin can only support 300,000 transactions per day, limiting its scalability. The NetCents Coin can support 9.2 million transactions per day. Bitcoin also has high transaction costs, mining risks and limited privacy. Its value is based strictly on supply and demand, giving its underlying asset a value of zero. Bitcoin has also evolved into a centralized network with concentr ated holdings that result in an imbalance between supply and demand.  The NetCents Coin will offer low transaction fees, transactions that mitigate chargebacks and instant trading.  Asset-Backed Treasury  NCCF will use its treasury reserve to position the coin as a mainstream currency as opposed to a speculation tool. The reserve will be composed initially of both fiat and cryptocurrencies. The NCCF Treasury Reserve Account will be transparent at all times.  NCCF will issue coins from its treasury at market rates. All proceeds raised from coin sales will remain in the treasury account, which supports the coin’s value and funds development of the coin.  Services Will Expand  The NetCents ecosystem includes an independent exchange, the NC Exchange, for buying and selling the coin. The exchange utilizes AI 2.0 algorithms to provide a real-time record of every transaction. In time, the NCCF will allow independent exchanges that meet know-your-customer/anti-money-laundering protocols to trade the coin.  The ecosystem also offers e-wallet capabilities, payment transfers and a merchant gateway. The minimum coin sale price will be preset at a specific premium. New treasury coins will not be issued if the coin does not trade well.  Demand will trigger the release of new coins, which will be structured in a way that will not debalance the supply/demand equilibrium.  Staggered Coin Releases  There will be an initial five staggered coin releases, with 5 million coins per release. The initial price will be $1, doubling with every subsequent release.  The coin must appreciate 75% to trigger the next release. The number of coins released will be 150% of the prior release. Users will sign up for a NetCents Technology Inc. account and load funds via credit card, wire transfer or PayPal. Users will then be able to conduct online purchases with NetCents participating merchants.  Users will be also able to set up e-wallets with third parties. The coins will not be traded exclusively among NetCents merchants and clients.  Users can sign up for the NetCents Coin presale at the  website.  The NetCents Coin marks an attempt to leverage existing cryptocurrency technology to provide a more reliable coin for transactions that will be available to all.     
INCREASE	   FinTech Will Change More in the Next 5 Years Than the Last 30, Says PayPal CEO Twitter  PayPal ’s CEO has said that the financial technology (fintech) sector is going to change more in the next five years than it has done in the last 30.  Speaking with  CNBC ’s Mad Money  host Jim Cramer, Dan Schulman, CEO of PayPal, said that millennials are changing the shape of many industries, in particular the finance sector.  He said:  You have to, to serve these markets, re-imagine how money can be managed and moved because there ’s going to be more change in the next five years in financial services than happened in the past 30.  According to Schulman, the millennial generation, those under the age of 30, think about everyday processes such as payments differently than those of an older generation. He claims that PayPal ’s peer-to-peer payment app, Venmo, illustrates this, adding:  For Venmo, they put a tag or an emoji on every one of their payments. It ’s really not a P2P service, it ’s a social payments experience. And they love doing it. They open the app just to see what their friends are doing.  Schulman claims that the person-to-person payment business is currently worth between $35 billion and $40 billion. However, he projects it to be worth around $335 billion in the next five years. He also thinks that by 2020, the online digital payments business will be valued at more than $8 trillion from its current $3 trillion.  At present, PayPal ’s platform has 218 million active users. In order to give its users what they want in the way of easier payments, in October, it was reported that the company was giving over  two million  retailers in the U.S. the ability to accept Venmo payments. This marks the company ’s most aggressive move as it works at remaining a market leader with its peer-to-peer payments app.  PayPal is continually working at expanding its reach within the fintech sector.  In March, PayPal Europe partnered with the Luxembourg National Research Fund (FNR) and the University of Luxembourg, for the creation of a FNR PEARL chair in the field of fintech. The establishment of the chair will be funded jointly by the FNR and PayPal Europe over a period of five years. Its purpose is to  clarify digital technologies  and to improve the link between users, regulators and industries.  March also saw the announcement that PayPal had i nvested in South Korean fintech firm Viva Republica , adding to its overall $48 million funding round. Viva Republic is the developer of Toss, a popular peer-to-peer payments application launched in February 2015.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   New York Preschool Accepts Bitcoin, Shuns Credit Cards Twitter  Ease of payment, low fees, and speed of transactions are some of the reasons why a preschool in New York City has opted for tuition payments in Bitcoin.  Co-founded and chaired by Marco Ciocca, Montessori Schools is an early childhood education program built upon the classical methods of Maria Montessori. After following the growth cryptocurrency industry over the years, the school decided to start accepting Bitcoin and Ethereum in  May , eschewing the traditional credit card payment system due to the ease of payment, low fees, and security that cryptocurrencies offer.  “There ’s about a 1% transaction fee, which is less than, you know, 2, 3, 4% sometimes with credit cards,” Ciocca told  Business Insider .  Montessori Schools is the largest preschool program in Manhattan with close proximity to the city’s tech hub, the “Silicon Alley”. Due to this proximity, the school has a lot of parents working in tech companies who often inquire about paying their children’s $30,950 tuition fee in either Bitcoin and Ether. The constant inquiry piqued Ciocca’s interest in cryptocurrency payment , taking him to several blockchain conferences and one-on-one discussions with developers about the pros and cons of accepting this new form of payment.  However, not every parent was in agreement with the announcement, citing market volatility and misconception about the possible nefarious usage of the currency. Ciocca was quick to reassure the parents and allay their fears, pointing out that many  Fortune 500 companies  have embraced this new form of payment. The payment model also fit with the school’s philosophy emphasizing creativity, problem-solving, and independence. Ciocca was also quick to point out that parents who invested in Bitcoin back in May when it was $2,300 are essentially paying reduced tuition now that one Bitcoin costs between $7,100 and $7,400.  Bitcoin market volatility has always been the reason why most organization refuse to accept it. However, Montessori Schools has found a creative way around this problem by opening a merchant account with one of the biggest cryptocurrency exchange in the US. The account allows them to instantly convert cryptocurrency payment into fiat, protecting the sum deposited against market  volatility.  Despite the massive gains, the crypto industry has recorded in recent months, Ciocca says the school will not be profiting from market fluctuations because they only want to ease payments for parents.  Asked whether the school will be accepting credit cards payment, Ciocca was swift to reject that possibility “A lot of them get declined and then you have more fees and then you have to recharge them and that ’s been kind of, sort of a headache for  – especially for schools.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   SegWit2x Hard Fork Called Off: ‘Common Sense’ or ‘Delaying the Inevitable’? Twitter  The controversial SegWit2x fork has been suspended indefinitely, with promoters citing a lack of consensus for the November 16 software upgrade.  SegWit2x Called Off  The suspension was announced by SegWit2x project lead Mike Belshe in an  email  distributed to the SegWit2x mailing list, but it also bore the signatures of Wences Casares, Jihan Wu, Jeff Garzik, Peter Smith, and Erik Voorhees. Interestingly, the statement was not signed by Barry Silbert, whose Digital Currency Group was instrumental in organizing the New York Agreement (NYA) that set SegWit2x into motion.  The agreement had called for both the activation of  Segregated Witness  (SegWit) and an increase in the blocksize to 2MB. SegWit activated earlier this year, although it is debatable what role the NYA played in its implementation. However, the blocksize increase never achieved consensus, and the debate became increasingly vitriolic as the approximate November 16 date for the hard fork approached.   At this point, nearly everyone was resigned to a scenario in which Bitcoin would split into two competing blockchains. However, those fears were dashed on Wednesday, as Belshe shared that the developers and promoters of the protocol upgrade were concerned that activating the hard fork could prove to be a “setback to Bitcoin’s growth.”  From the statement:  “Although we strongly believe in the need for a larger blocksize, there is something we  believe is even more important: keeping the community together,” Belshe wrote. “Unfortunately, it is clear that we have not built sufficient consensus for a clean blocksize upgrade at this time. Continuing on the current path could divide the community and be a setback to Bitcoin’s growth.”  Common Sense or Delaying the Inevitable?  SegWit2x opponents immediately began to celebrate the news on social media channels. “Common sense prevails,”  declared  Litecoin creator and outspoken SegWit2x opponent Charlie Lee. “Let’s now work together towards scaling safely ”. He added that on-chain scaling may be necessary in the future but that a hard fork should not be activated without broad consensus.  Dogecoin creator Jackson Palmer said that the move was merely “delaying the inevitable,” arguing that transaction fees are still high and that Bitcoin scaling “is far from solved”:   Nobody is actually using  #Bitcoin  as a currency though, so I guess they are happy to ignore these facts … 🤷‍♀️  — Jackson Palmer (@ummjackson)  November 8, 2017   “Nobody is actually using bitcoin as currency though, so I guess they are happy to ignore these facts, ” Palmer added with a note of sarcasm.  The bitcoin price fluctuated wildly in the wake of the announcement. Bitcoin immediately surged to $7999 on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex but promptly flash crashed by more than $1,000 in a matter of minutes. At the time of writing, the bitcoin price was trading at approximately $7,200 as the market continues to sort out what the announcement means for the short-term traject ory of the flagship cryptocurrency.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Rebounds to $7,400 as SegWit2x Support Declines Twitter  Earlier today, on November 8, the bitcoin price recovered to over $7,400 after dipping briefly below $7,000, as the market continued to show support for the original bitcoin blockchain over SegWit2x.   Decline in Support For SegWit2x  Charlie Lee, the creator of Litecoin and former Coinbase executive, revealed that Nick Szabo, blockchain, bitcoin, and smart contracts pioneer whom the bitcoin community considers as a figure closest to bitcoin creator Satoshi Nakamoto, has publicly expressed his opposition against SegWit2x.   I noticed this also. In my opinion, Nick Szabo is the closest we have to Satoshi, if not Satoshi himself. With Nick and all of Bitcoin Core devs against Segwit2x, why are people still pushing for this hardfork that will split the chain?  https://t.co/5jRvNMaK5n  — Charlie Lee [LTC] (@SatoshiLite)  November 8, 2017   Scaling is a sensitive but important topic to bitcoin developers, community, and the industry. But, the community has been adamant that developments within the bitcoin protocol and other cryptocurrencies should be executed and conducted in a decentralized manner, like any other open-source project.  Over the past few months, the conflict between SegWit2x supporting businesses and the bitcoin community has been portrayed as a battle between small block supporters and the so-called “big blockers,” and that has certainly not been the case. The community has rejected SegWit2x because of various technical reasons, beginning with closed-source development, opaque agreement made between a restricted group of businesses, developers, and miners, and the SegWit2x development team’s refusal to implement strong replay protection.  As such, the demand for SegWit2x and support for the software has declined in the past few weeks, even from the mining community. Bitcoin journalist Kyle Torpey noted that hashrate support for SegWit2x has substantially decreased in the past week as well. More to that, an increasing number of mining pools in the industry have started to terminate their support for SegWit2x.   KanoPool (~1% of network hashrate) stopped signalling for  #SegWit2x  a few days ago. They did not sign the New York Agreement. Pic via  @btccom_official . Reddit source with comments:  https://t.co/t1I2GFC7Zb   pic.twitter.com/zbNmRNclSU  — Kyle Torpey (@kyletorpey)  November 8, 2017   Evidently, scaling is necessary for bitcoin and there exists no reason as to why bitcoin cannot evolve as both a digital currency and a robust store of value. But, scaling needs to be done in the right way and more importantly, in an open-source, decentralized, and distributed manner.  How Will SegWit2x Affect Bitcoin Price?  Several analysts have stated this week that the surge in the price of bitcoin should be attributed to the allocation of funds from bitcoins to bitcoin, from investors hoping to obtain B2X upon the SegWit2x hard fork. However, it is far fetched to claim that the upward momentum of bitcoin in the past month was triggered by the SegWit2x movement, given that the majority of investors in the market are not technical enough to understand the implications of SegWit2x.  Such claims imply that investors and traders within the bitcoin and cryptocurrency market have underlying knowledge in hard forks and technical developments in regards to bitcoin development, which is not the case. Bitcoin has appealed to the mainstream since early 2016 and billions of dollars worth of funds are likely held by institutional and large-scale retail investors that consider bitcoin as a safe haven asset and a store of value.  Similar to the impact Bitcoin Cash had, the price of bitcoin will likely endure a major correction upon the SegWit2x hard fork. But, it seems unlikely that the price of bitcoin would decrease by more than 10 percent, as the Bitcoin Cash hard fork also had minimal impact on the price of bitcoin.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Factors Behind Bitcoin ’s Unprecedented Rally Twitter  This article is written by Anupam Varshney. Anupam is  co-founder  of Bitcoinprice.com and has covered Bitcoin situation in various countries, including India, South Africa, and Canada.    Factors behind Bitcoin’s unprecedented rally  With a price increase from $5,732 on October 28th to $7,457 on the 8th of November, Bitcoin has definitely been attracting a lot of media attention this past week, given its unprecedented bullish rally.   Bitcoin doubters throughout the world are left baffled by the recent price increases. Following a multitude of negative comments from industry leaders, central banks and governments, the price still managed to increase. Many are now wondering, why is the market so optimistic?  In this article, we will attempt to explain some of the main factors behind the digital currency’s recent price surge.    China trading rumours spread  Not long ago, China decided to crack down on digital currency exchanges by forcing them to  suspend  their services. This has led to the demise of China as the world’s leading country by trading volume. As expected, most of the exchanges operating within its territory advised users to withdraw their funds and stopped providing exchange services.   Trading volumes then headed out to other countries, such as South Korea, Singapore and Japan, thanks to their friendly bitcoin regulation for businesses. However, recent reports have indicated that China may be preparing to once again allow trading within its territory, on stricter regulation. While there is no official word on the matter from government officials, many believe that this may have been one of the factors behind the recent rally.    The CME Group introduces bitcoin futures contracts  Having the world’s biggest derivatives operator  announce  that they are preparing to launch Bitcoin futures contracts is definitely big news. This would bring institutionalized investors to the world of digital currencies, and hence lead to more capital being invested in Bitcoin.   The cash-settled futures contracts will facilitate the development of more complex financial products based on the digital currency. This also has the potential to facilitate mass-adoption and eventually leading to the approval of Bitcoin ETFs.   SegWit2x Hard Fork  According to some analysts, the upcoming SegWit2x hard fork is one of the main reasons why we’re seeing Bitcoin achieve new highs. The theory is that, investors and traders are not only buying more and more Bitcoin, but also converting their altcoins (such as  Ethereum , Litecoin, Monero) into Bitcoin, in order to get free ‘airdrop’ S2X coins.  People who are against SegWit2x hard fork claim that the S2X supporters, which are mostly miners and some prominent figures, are the ones who are  buying  a lot of Bitcoin. As per critics, when exchanges allow deposits and give them 2x and 1x coins, they will dump 1x as much as they can. Doing that, 2x price will increase.   Both these scenarios have lead a significant increase in trading volumes, taking Bitcoin price through the roof.   The increasing market capitalization of Initial Coin Offerings  The ICO craze, which basically allows startups to hold crowdfunding campaigns that benefit them, clients and investors, has led to millions of dollars invested into a multitude of blockchain-based tokens.   While this doesn’t directly have an effect on Bitcoin per se, the more attention digital currencies have, the more popular biggest cryptocurrency becomes. In return, more popularity means more investments, which of course, mean a higher price.   Based on these aspects, what are your thoughts on the factors behind Bitcoin’s unprecedented rally?  
INCREASE	   Blockchain Will “Seriously Change” Tourism, Says Russian Official Twitter  The chief of Russia’s federal tourism agency is “absolutely convinced” that blockchain will transform the tourism industry.  Oleg Safonov, head of Russia’s Federal Agency for Tourism, sees the tourism industry on the verge of major disruptive changes in brought on by new technologies. The official specifically picked blockchain technology as the core driver of this change. The Russian tourism chief was speaking at the Kazan Tourism Forum where he revealed the bullish prediction wasn’t a personal take  but an opinion shared by the agency overall.  In statements reported by Russian state news agency  TASS , Safonov said:  We are absolutely convinced in our federal agency that blockchain will seriously change the tourism market, although, in our opinion, it will happen not in two years, but in 5-10 years.  The Russian official specifically highlighted blockchain’s core characteristic of a decentralized network devoid of intermediaries that would lead to higher efficiency at cheaper costs. “[T]hey allow tourists, consumers to work directly with service providers [by] removing all intermediaries,” Safnov said. “This makes the product better in quality, less expensive and also incre ases the provider’s responsibility for the product.”  The official’s comments come at a time when the TUI Group, the world’s largest tourism company, is in the process of  deploying  its blockchain solution for its property management system.  Earlier this year, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev  – the second highest official in Russia after Putin –  ordered  the Ministry of Communications and the Ministry of Economic Development to research and explore use cases for blockchain technology for public administration. Medvedev underlined blockchain as a “breakthrough” technology that has been put to use “by large banks, corporations and even some states.”  He added:  [It is] necessary to analyze how all this [blockchain tech] applies to our public administration and economy.  The Russian government is notably working on blockchain  regulations  ahead of its intended implementation in 2019 for applications in  real estate  and more. More recently, Russia’s Federal Agency for Technical Regulation and Metrology  announced  the formation of a new technical committee tasked toward the development of standards for blockchain technology.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Blockchain is Making Inroads into the Environment Sustainability Industry Twitter  Businesses are increasingly investigating ways to make their business models more sustainable. Society today is beginning to expect them to mitigate or reduce their negative environmental impacts, while continuing to contribute to the development of society. The blockchain, proponents say, could make this a reality.   Experts contend industries such as forestry, energy, fisheries, organic food and mining could be changed by blockchain technology. Many even suggest carbon accounting, air pollution, monitoring, material recycling, and more stands to be transformed thanks to blockchain technology, which provides trust where prior there was none.   Big players in the environmental industry are investigating blockchain technology, such as the Programme for the Endorsement of Forestry Certification (PEFC). The PEFC is responsible for more than 300 million hectares (700 million acres) of certified forests, and has investigated the platform as a means for tracing provenance.   Other companies investigating the sustainability implications of blockchain technology include impactChoice, Electron, Nasdaq (Linq), L03, IBM and more. Even popular music artist, Sting, has entered the space where blockchain and environmentalism meet. Moreover, the Australian company Power Ledger enables people to buy, sell, and exchange surplus renewable energy without middle men.   The Hack4Climate workshop holds events worldwide to promote the use of blockchain for sustainability measures. The MIT Media Lab promoted “climate change and blockchain” worldwide at the  United Nation’s COP 23  climate conference held in Bonn, Germany. The May 2017 Conference posited blockchain as a way of fighting climate change.  World leaders discussed how blockchains could improve the trading of carbon emissions, facilitate clean energy trading between consumers and finance climate change research, while also tracking and reporting emissions reduction. IBM and the China-based Energy Blockchain Labs have  investigated  themselves how blockchain could help combat climate change.   “Environmental problems emerge because we lack trust,”  writes  Conservation International President Jennifer Morris. “The environmental crisis grows in a fertile ground, which is the multiplication of intermediaries. To take an example, if you buy a fish at the supermarket, the supply chain is very long. The supermarket might not even know where it came from. And so there are multiple opportunities for environmentally unsustainable goods  to enter the supply chain. A blockchain-based supply chain would mean that when you buy a fish, you scan a QR code [like a bar code] with your smartphone, and you see every step. And you know that it cannot be falsified.”   Sting’s Rainforest Foundation  announced  it would use its new digital currency, called BitSeeds, to help fund the organization ’s global forest protection efforts. The Organization, which was founded in 1989 by the former The Police frontman, is preserving the natural habits in the Amazon River region.   impactChoice, which has provided sustainability software to businesses for nearly a decade, recently developed a permissioned ledger based on blockchain technology to help businesses keep tabs on their environmental mitigation efforts. The new  blockchain-based platform is called the Natural Asset Exchange and is driven by  ‘ Earth Token ‘.  Since 2009, the Mauritius-based company has enabled institutions and individuals alike to decrease their impact on the environment.   “Harnessing the collective power of the broader community has been extremely challenging,” said impactChoice Co-Founder and Managing Director Leonard Harley. “You first have to provide a platform that enables folks to easily participate, and then you need to create a trusted environment that instills confidence amongst the community that their participation actually makes a dif ference, and their contributions reach the initiatives for which they are intended.”  impactChoice claims to have pioneered the use of digital representations of natural assets with the world’s first Carbon Asset Management platform, and their technology is currently in use at Africa ’s Greenest Hotel,  Hotel Verde . The software allows businesses to involve their customer in mitigation efforts by linking environmental impact mitigation at the transactional level.   “The challenges were enormous in a market hampered by red tape, bureaucracy, lack of transparency, trust, as well as extreme complexity,” says Mr. Harley. “This changes thanks to blockchain technology.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   How Does Swapper.io and the SWAP Token Work? Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  The Swapper platform is a legally registered Qualified Intermediary service that will allow digital currency investors to carry out 1031 like-kind exchanges on your cryptocurrency with all the benefits of blockchain technology. While traditional Qualified Intermediary services rely on e-mail, snail mail and require burdensome paperwork, Swapper will allow instant transactions d esigned for volatile conditions, privacy through encryption and robust security. At the same time, Swapper will generate a record of transactions on the Swapper blockchain that will make it easier for investors to properly track, prepare and file their necessary paperwork.    How does  swapper.io  build on the current service? Swapper is 1031-exchanging incorporating a blockchain VIA tokenization. The swapper blockchain will be coordinated with the  swapper.io  platform to explore the blockchain and each unique transaction and document it on an individual account basis. Those records will be stored but accessible to clients via reports made that are associated to their accounts. Their records will be stored as private hashes for privacy purposes but can be produced as reports that act as proof of transaction. While in escrow, the cli ents’ funds are held in an FDIC Bank of America bank account that is bonded and insured for up to $1 million dollars per client. This will also then in effect be the first token creation event incorporating FDIC insurance and protection into the world of cryptocurrency.   See their white paper here,  https://swapper.io/Swapper_White_Paper.pdf  Why is the blockchain perfect for this service? Utilizing the blockchain is more effective and efficient, no giant servers needed, no risk of lost documents or filings, the ability to incorporate swapping with cryptocurrency which is a market that has produced immense amounts of profit and continues to grow. Swapper, as the service progresses, will also eventually be upgraded t o perform these actions via smart contracting which will automate much of the process and potentially allow integration into other exchanges such as Coinbase or Kraken etc.  How will this benefit the cryptocurrency space? Capital gains taxation is a topic that ’s talked about little but growing in importance with cases like Anonymous Coinbase Users VS. The US department of Treasury happening as we speak. Let ’s not forget also that tax season is just around the corner for the 2nd most profitable year in cryptocurrency history. 2017, depending on how you account it, pales only to 2013 in terms of capital profit created since inception and the difference now is that there ’s tax guidance this time. Bitcoin users expecting things not to be different than they were in the spring of 2014 in terms of tax obligations, may be unprepared for what awaits us all this time. Another unique and interesting tool Swapper offers usersnis the ability to bypass withdrawal and exchange limits of crypto investments into fiat. Most exchanges have a daily and/or wee kly limit which can unwantedly leave users stuck with cryptocurrency in a volatile market.  Swapper.io  will allow users, if they choose, to legally defer their immediate tax obligation so they may re-invest and grow their nest egg. The swapper platform will also be asset neutral meaning real estate transactions or art sales may utilize the service and benefit from the swapper blockchain on their 1031 dealings as well.    The project is expected to be a popular and highly utilized tool in the crypto currency realm starting at the beginning of 2018 for this year’s tax season and it will be interesting to see how it affects people ’s tax bills after this record year for bitcoin and altcoins across the board.  To participate in the Swapper early bird ITO or to find out more please visit  https://Swapper.io  You can follow on Twitter @Swapper_io and Facebook at  Facebook.com/PreserveWealth  for constant updates on blockchain accounting and other useful info regarding growing and preserving wealth.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Rally Raises Crypto Market Cap to $205 Billion Twitter  The crypto market cap rose to yet another all-time high on Wednesday on the heels of a 6% bitcoin price rally that carried the value of the flagship cryptocurrency back across the $7,500 threshold. Altcoins, likewise, posted a near-universal advance, despite concerns stemming from another vulnerability discovered in Parity ’s multi-signature wallet for ethereum platform tokens.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Against this backdrop, the combined value of all cryptocurrencies rose by approximately $10 billion, from $195 billion on Tuesday to a present value of $205 billion. This represents a new all-time record for the crypto market cap.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Rallies to $7,500  The bitcoin price had experienced an early-week dip, briefly diving as low as $6,948 on the high-volume Bitfinex exchange. Bitcoin did not have to languish at that level for long, though, because Wednesday brought a 6% rally that lifted the bitcoin price above $7,500. At present, the bitcoin price is trading at a global average of $7,509, which translates into a $125.2 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  That bitcoin has more or less been able to sustain its position above $7,000 is indicative of continued bullishness about the impending  launch of bitcoin futures  contracts on a regulated U.S. exchange. Nejc Kodrič, CEO of bitcoin exchange Bitstamp, told CCN that the availability of bitcoin futures will help make cryptocurrency  “more mainstream ”:  “This announcement is important as it is helping Bitcoin become more mainstream through increased participation, ” he said.  “Additionally, bringing more institutional clients into Bitcoin could make the currency less volatile. CME’s launch of Bitcoin futures will also pave the way for more crypto-related financial products.”  However, bitcoin is also benefiting from increasing grassroots interest in cryptocurrency. Bitcoin exchange Coinbase  — widely considered to be the most user-friendly way for novices to purchase bitcoin  — has been adding several hundred thousand users per week, and the number of Google searches for  “buy bitcoin ” recently  surpassed  those seeking to  “buy gold ”.  Ethereum Price Ticks Up Despite Wallet Bug  The ethereum price increased by 3% on Wednesday, despite the revelation that funds stored in multi-signature wallets using Parity software had been  permanently locked  due to a bug in the code.  Ethereum Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  This is the  second significant bug  found in Parity ’s multi-sig wallets this year, but while the previous one enabled a hacker to steal more than $30 million, this bug has apparently frozen hundreds of millions of dollars worth of ether and crypto tokens. It is believed that the only way to recover the funds would be to implement a hard fork, but there are concerns that some users will refuse to follow the fork, creating another Ethereum blockchain split, similar to the one that occurred last year following the DAO hack and resulted in the creation of Ethereum Classic.  Altcoins Post Gains  The altcoin markets made positive movement on Wednesday, and 80 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies saw their values increase against the dollar.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin cash rose by 5%, increasing its price to $636 and market cap to $10.7 billion. The ripple price increased by 2%, while litecoin ’s 7% rally launched its price to $62.  Litecoin Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Sixth-ranked dash mirrored litecoin ’s advance, climbing 6% to a present value of $303. NEO and NEM each rose by 2%, while the monero price ’s 4% rally enabled it to surpass the $100 mark for the first time since late September. Ethereum classic rounded out the top ten with a day of sideways trading that left its price at $14.  
INCREASE	   Quantstamp Solidifies Partnership with Experty for Smart Contract Consulting Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Over the past several months, there has been an explosion of ICOs and new smart contracts. The blockchain industry has been growing exponentially. Smart contracts are an integral part of the Ethereum blockchain technology which enable businesses to conduct transactions without an intermediary. Smart contracts are the basis of all Ethereum blockchain based firms. Smart contracts  have had difficulty being smart, or even contracts. Many of which do not function properly.   With so many smart contracts being deployed so quickly, security has become a top priority. We have all seen the hacks or bugs in the code which enable breaching these smart contracts. A lack of secure and peer-reviewed smart contracts create massive security flaws or workarounds which have plagued the nascent industry. The more complex the smart contract, the bigger the attack  surface. These attacks lead to loss of funds for businesses and investors alike. This gaping liability   has turned   into an opportunity for one firm, Quantstamp.  Quantstamp is the first decentralized smart contract security auditing protocol. Quantstamp can help solve this massive problem. They aim to provide a scalable and cost-effective solution to the industry by providing security and auditing services for smart contracts. Quantstamp’s automated software system verifies Solidity programs. By having an automated system, Quantstamp ca n help service the growing needs of the smart contract industry. To meet the demand of its growing client list, Quantstamp has partnered with Experty.   Experty is a peer-to-peer, blockchain based platform for paid consultations. It allows enterprises and individuals to get paid instantly for consultations using voice and video calls. Experty has an aggressive growth schedule and road map, with plans to release an Alpha version by the end Q4. There is massive demand in the marketplace for Quantstamp’s services and Experty will  help the company scale its consulting business globally. Experty provides a great tool for all types of businesses. The Experty platform brings an easy to use interface and enables instant billing using smart contracts.  Experty CEO, Kamil Przeorski, expressed his excitement about the union, stating, “It is my pleasure to announce the partnership with Quantstamp. We are really excited about the partnership and look forward to working with the amazing Quantstamp team. They are providing a much needed service in the industry and we plan to be a part of that solution in the near future.”  Quantstamp will be auditing Experty’s smart contracts and ensure maximum security of the system. Experty will gain a critical advantage by substantially decreasing risks of both customer and business funds through the application. This security will bring increased proficiency and reduce costs for all parties.   Overall, both companies are excited to provide a solution to two growing problem faced in the industry, prioritizing time and scaling security. By joining forces,  Experty and Quantstamp will accelerate the mainstream adoption of blockchain.   About Quantstamp  Quantstamp Technologies, Inc. is based in Waterloo, Canada and San Francisco, California. In June 2017, Quantstamp introduced the first scalable security-audit protocol designed to find vulnerabilities in Ethereum smart contracts.  For more information about Quantstamp, visit   Quantstamp.com .  Follow on Twitter   @Quantstamp.  About Experty  Experty, is based in Zug, Switzerland. Experty is a platform that allows for paid consultation in cryptocurrencies. For additional information on Experty, visit us at   Experty.io , follow us on Twitter  @Experty_io , or read our blog at   Experty_io .  Media Contact  Experty  Sarah  Email:  [email  protected]  
INCREASE	   Coinbase Likely to Lose Battle to Protect Users from IRS Bitcoin Tax Probe Twitter  If you’re a long-time Coinbase user and have neglected to pay taxes on your bitcoin profits, you may soon find yourself in legal hot water, because a U.S. district court is likely to force the bitcoin exchange to hand over records from thousands of U.S. customers to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  As CCN has  reported  extensively in the past, the IRS has taken Coinbase to court in an attempt to force it to relinquish customer financial records to the tax-collecting agency. The IRS claims that, despite the bitcoin price’s astronomical appreciation over the years, only a few hundred individuals have reported bitcoin profits on their annual tax returns.   Under current regulations, bitcoin holdings are taxed like property, meaning that they are subject to capital gains taxes based on the value of the coins when disposed of or sold. This means that, legally, taxpayers are required to maintain detailed records of profit realized from all cryptocurrency transactions, even those as minor as purchasing a cup of coffee.  Initially, the IRS requested records of virtually all U.S. customers from 2013-2015, which Coinbase estimates include more than 500,000 customers. Following pushback from the exchange, the IRS reduced that summons to approximately 14,000 customers, specifically those who bought, sold, set, or received the equivalent of $20,000 during any one year during the period in question.  Despite the narrowed scope, Coinbase maintains that the summons is “unjustified and invasive to our customers,” and the company argued as much in a hearing held in San Francisco last week. However, Bloomberg reports that the court is likely to side with IRS.  “It’s legitimate for them to investigate whether people are making money on their bitcoin purchases ” and paying taxes on any gains, U.S. Magistrate Judge Jacqueline Scott Corley reportedly told lawyers for Coinbase at a hearing last week.  “I have to give tremendous discretion to the agency as to how they investigate, ” she added later.  Indeed, the IRS has gone to extensive lengths to identify bitcoin tax evaders. Earlier this year, a public records request  revealed  that the agency had contracted with a blockchain analytics firm to identify people who were likely using the cryptocurrency to avoid paying taxes. According to the  IRS website , tax evaders face stiff penalties and potentially even imprisonment.  In a blog  post , Coinbase said it hopes to work with the IRS in the future to establish a  “reasonable tax reporting method that makes sense for virtual currency service providers and consumers alike. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Chess Legend Garry Kasparov: Bitcoin Is Pure Speculation Twitter  Former world chess champion Garry Kasparov went to the Web Summit, in Lisbon, this year while representing cybersecurity firm Avast.  PROTESTE INVESTE , a Portuguese investment website known for helping novice and experienced investors, managed to speak to Kasparov in an interview about bitcoin and cryptocurrencies.  In it, Kasparov revealed that bitcoin’s popularity doesn’t surprise him, and compared the cryptocurrency to “fake money” that’s “issued by governments in large quantities.” The chess grandmaster sees bitcoin as “fake money” because, according to him, about 80% of all available bitcoins are circulating in exchanges and financial markets, and are never truly used in any other ind ustry, meaning they only serve investors.  Born in 1963 in Azerbaijan, Garry Kasparov added that, given our technological evolution and subsequent increase in online market investments, it’s “expected, in the current global age, the rise of virtual money, of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin.”  Kasparov became the world champion when he was just 22 years old, and was the highest rated chess player ever recorded, until current champion Magnus Carlsen surpassed him in 2013. He described himself as an “admirer of Winston Churchill and Steve Jobs,” and classified bitcoin as a “product of the free market.”  Referring to  bitcoin , he added that wherever there’s an opportunity, there are smart individuals creating tools to seize it. According to the publication, Kasparov also highlighted bitcoin’s security, stating that “whatever’s anonymous can’t be 100% safe.”  When asked whether the cryptocurrency could improve the economy and people’s lives, Kasparov stated that he doesn’t think so, and added that “a phenomenon as unstable as Bitcoin being attractive nowadays is a sign that the whole economy is in a huge state of stagnation.”  The Portuguese publication went one step further, and asked the former world chess champion if he invested in bitcoin. He notably replied (roughly translated):  It ’s pure speculation, I ’m not an investor, just a former professional chess player and now professional speaker. Investing is very individual, it depends on the character of the people, if they ’re available to risk it, if they ’re available to speculate.  Kasparov finished the interview stating that “betting on electronic tools can yield a lot of money, but can also lead investors to ruin.” He concluded that, therefore, an investment in cryptocurrencies depends on every investor’s appetite and attitude towards risk.  In its piece, PROTESTE INVESTE further added that given the risk, it doesn’t recommend investors put their money on cryptocurrencies. According to the publication, virtual currencies like bitcoin have no intrinsic value, and are worthless if they don’t “represent a product or something to exchange,” adding that no currency can do that if its value keeps rising and falling.  An economy that only used bitcoin in its current stage would keep on fluctuating between inflation and deflation, the piece’s author suggests, adding that the fact “nothing can be done” with the cryptocurrency facilitates speculation, as there’s nothing to compare its value to.  The interview with Kasparov comes at a time in which bitcoin is struggling, due to the  cancellation of the SegWit2x  hard fork, high fees, and due to a large number of unconfirmed transactions being  stuck in a backlog .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   United Nations Blockchain Pilot Aims to Crush Global Child Trafficking  Twitter  Two United Nations agencies have partnered the World Identity Network (WIN) to launch a blockchain pilot to help combat child trafficking around the world.  Announced during the  Humanitarian Blockchain Summit  in New York last week, the blockchain pilot stems from a collaborative effort between the World Identity Network, a universal ID advocacy group; the United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS) the UN’s operational arm to implement and carry out UN operations globally and; the United Nations Office of Information and Communications Technology (UN-OICT).  Digital identity on a blockchain could mean a “significantly higher chance of catching traffickers” by securing data on an immutable ledger, a release explains, stating trafficking attempts would be “more traceable and preventable,” an accompanying  press release  added.  Nearly 50% of the world’s children under the age of 5 do not possess a birth certificate, according to UN statistics. So does an estimated 600 million children under the age of 14, a majority of them among the world’s poorest nations, leaving all of them “invisible” to their countries’ governments. These children go unseen by social programs or development agencies, leaving the m vulnerable to child traffickers.  Human traffickers use fake identification documents to transport children and minors, without an official identity, across borders. These children are then sold into sex brothels, slavery rings and even illegal human organ trade, with young women and girls targeted most often.  The solution, according to WIN CEO and co-founder Dr. Mariana Dahan is securing their identification.  “Several developing countries are actively looking at more efficient ways to prevent child trafficking,” she stated.  “Identification is always at the heart of the solution.”  UN assistant secretary general and UN women deputy executive director Yannick Glemarec underlined the necessity of the blockchain pilot, stating:  Child trafficking is one of the greatest human rights abuses. Leveraging blockchain technology offers potentially powerful solutions to address this serious challenge and save the lives of millions of children.  The three bodies are also looking for new partners to support the initiative with the launch of a ‘ Global Challenge ’ to foster the ‘best ideas and expertise in using the blockchain technology’ for the cause. Addressing privacy concerns and proper identity management are among the core burdens placed on new partners seeking to collaborate with the UN agencies.  In a similar effort, Microsoft is currently developing a blockchain digital ID platform to  provide legal identification  for over a billion people, including refugees, around the world.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Gold Launches to Little Fanfare Twitter  The bitcoin gold (BTG) network activated on Sunday with the idealistic goal to “make bitcoin decentralized again” by blocking the use of ASIC miners, but several metrics indicate that it faces significant obstacles in its quest to fulfill that mission.  Bitcoin Gold Network Launches  Though technically an altcoin,  bitcoin gold  is the latest cryptocurrency created by forking the bitcoin blockchain  — rather than just its source code. Consequently, anyone who held bitcoin balances at the time of the blockchain “snapshot,” which was taken in late October, has received an equal number of bitcoin gold now that the network has launched.  If there was any doubt that one of these bitcoin forks could achieve viability, bitcoin cash has put it to rest. Last weekend, the bitcoin cash price surged to a new all-time high near $2,500, briefly enabling it to  surpass ethereum  in the market cap rankings. Its price has since declined by half, but this nevertheless represents a weekly gain of approximately 100% and provides it with a market cap in excess of $20 billion.  Little Public Awareness  It is likely that bitcoin gold proponents will point this statistic in defense of its own decision to fork bitcoin. However, early signs indicate it has a more difficult road ahead than bitcoin cash did when it launched in August. Most significantly, there appears to be much less interest in bitcoin gold than there was in bitcoin cash ahead of its fork date, as measured by Goog le searches. Bitcoin gold did see a brief interest spike around the date of its blockchain snapshot, but interest declined leading into November as the network launch approached.  Comparison of Google Searches Related to Bitcoin Gold (Blue) and Bitcoin Cash (Red) | Source: Google  Of course, interest in both coins continues to be dwarfed by interest in bitcoin, which drew 20 times as many searches as bitcoin cash and 50 times as many as bitcoin gold during the past week. November 11 is the last date measured by the chart, so it is possible this week ’s events will result in more attention for both bitcoin cash and bitcoin gold.  Comparison of Google Searches Related to Bitcoin Gold (Blue), Bitcoin Cash (Red), and Bitcoin (Yellow) | Source: Google  Post-Launch BTG Price Decline  Unsurprisingly, the price of BTG futures saw significant buy pressure immediately prior to the network launch, eventually peaking near $500 on Saturday night. However, post-launch trading has been characterized by bitcoin holders dumping their airdropped coins for immediate revenue, which has reduced the bitcoin gold price to a current value of $272.  BTG Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  The majority of bitcoin services have yet to enable BTG withdrawals, so it remains to be seen whether users and traders will sell their holdings for a quick profit, retain the coins in case the cryptocurrency demonstrates viability over the long-term, or even take advantage of the relatively low price to purchase more.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Australia and UK “Concluding Negotiations” for New FinTech Deal Twitter  The Australian High Commissioner to the UK has revealed that the two countries are on the verge of inking a new FinTech agreement.  Speaking at a global trade conference last week, Australia’s high commissioner to the UK Alexander Downer reportedly stated that the two countries “are in the process of concluding negotiations on fintech”, a move that will boost Australia with direct ties to one of Britain’s fastest-growing industries.  As reported by  International Investment , Downer further revealed that the agreement will bring enhanced cooperation between the two countries’ regulatory authorities.  A spokesperson for Her Majesty’s Treasury, the UK’s economic finance ministry, confirmed the advanced talks, stating:  The UK and Australia are currently working on the creation of a fintech bridge to increase FinTech trade and investment between both markets.  The FinTech pact builds on a previous agreement  between the financial regulators  of both countries in early 2016, heralded as a ‘ world-first ’ at the time. Earlier this year, another FinTech foray saw Australian multinational bank CBA ink  an agreement  with the Australian Trade and Investment Commission (Austrade) to assist Aussie industry startups and companies to gain entry into the UK market, commonly seen as one of the world’s foremost hubs for financial technologies. A highly favorable regulatory environment that has championed financial technologies like blockchain has also seen London  regarded  the FinTech capital of the world.  Fast carving a reputation as a FinTech hub in the region, Australia  revealed drafts  toward a new regulatory framework that will embrace FinTech startups with relaxed licensing requirements. The “game changer” framework, published in late October, will prove favorable to bitcoin and blockchain payments companies, designated as “non-cash payment” services as well as crowd-funding models that will include fundraising through initial coin offerings (ICOs).  Earlier in September, Australia’s securities regulator  issued guidelines  for ICO operators after recognizing their “potential” to make financing available to businesses and startups looking to raise funds.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Recovers to $6,550 as Bitcoin Cash Rally Reverses Twitter  There ’s never a dull moment in the crypto economy. Following weeks of steady advances, the bitcoin price encountered a  significant correction  last weekend  — its first since early September  — at the hands of a surging bitcoin cash.  But, following a flurry of trading that briefly saw bitcoin cash  surpass Ethereum  for the second position in the market cap rankings, things appear to be settling down closer to their previous levels.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Against this backdrop, the crypto market cap made only a minor movement for the day, even as order-book exchanges processed a record $25 billion worth of trades. After beginning the day at $200.6 billion, the total value of all cryptocurrencies now sits at $202.6 billion, for a 24-hour gain of roughly 1%.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Recovers to $6,550  To the surprise of many, the cancellation of the SegWit2x hard fork triggered a bitcoin price decline and led to a significant transfer of capital from bitcoin to bitcoin cash. The decline was so precipitous that bitcoin dropped below $5,600  — a pullback of nearly $2,000 from its all-time high. As recently as yesterday, the bitcoin price was trading as low as $5,714, but Monday morning it initiated an $800 rally that has returned it to a present value of $6,564. Bitcoin now has a market cap of $109.5 billion, which account for approximately 54% of the total crypto market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Cash Price Drops 22%  Bitcoin ’s rally, like its weekend decline, was inversely correlated with the trajectory of the bitcoin cash price. Bolstered by bitcoin ’s reluctance to implement scaling solutions that would immediately reduce transaction fees to levels that would enable it to function as  “electronic cash ”, the bitcoin cash price  exploded to a new all-time high  just below $2,500. However, since then, the bitcoin cash price has plunged back to a present level of $1,136, which translates into a 24-hour decline of nearly 22%. This leaves bitcoin cash with a $19.1 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Cash Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Many observers believe that a significant portion of the bitcoin cash price rally was inorganic  — the result of market manipulation by large stakeholders. However, manipulation or not, this weekend ’s events demonstrate that the so-called war for the  “Bitcoin ” brand did not end with the cancellation of SegWit2x; in fact, it may just be getting started.  Ethereum Price Trends Up  All eyes were on bitcoin cash, but the ethereum price quietly joined bitcoin in posting a moderate 24-hour gain. After beginning the day at $305, ethereum received a slight bump when bitcoin cash fell into decline, and the ethereum price is currently trading at $319. This gives ethereum a market cap of $30.5 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Dash Makes a Move  Despite intense volatility at the top of the chart, altcoins managed to post a near-comprehensive advance.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The ripple price led the way with a minor gain, rising 2% to $0.202. The dash price, fueled partially by the news that the coin would be added to cryptocurrency exchange OKEx, surged by nearly 25% to $423. This raised its market cap to $3.3 billion and enabled it to supplant litecoin for fifth place in the rankings.  Dash Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Despite falling to sixth in the rankings, the litecoin price still posted a 4% increase, bringing it to a present value of $61. The monero price, meanwhile, leaped by 9%, enabling the anonymity-centric coin to climb to seventh place. The NEO price rose by 6%, NEM added 8%, and IOTA ticked up by 4% to round out the top 10.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Helping The Helpless: Charities are Turning to Bitcoin and Blockchain     Advertisement     googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1524167859587-0'); });        Twitter  When hurricane Irma struck, it left a path of chaos and destruction in its wake stretching from Antigua and Barbuda to Saint Martin, Anguilla, Turks and Caicos, the Bahamas, Cuba, and the United States. The storm, which lasted from August 31 to September 11, stretched across 650 miles and affected at least nine US states. Streets were turned into gurgling rivers, houses and veh icles submerged, power lines and trees snapped like twigs and over a hundred lives lost.   The aftermath of the storm left survivors vulnerable, with no access to clean water, food, and shelter. Communities and charity organizations quickly rose to the occasion, donating cash and Bitcoin. Hovering at $7,000 per coin from just under $1,000 at the beginning of the year, Bitcoin has had a phenomenal year, defying predictions and smashing through several all-time high re cords. This growth has been fueled by increased usage and adoption of the currency by individuals, businesses, and now charities.   Dogged by recent scandals and calls for more transparency, charities are turning to the blockchain and its financial instrument, cryptocurrency, to make donation records easily accessible and accountable. Transactions on the blockchain are recorded on an immutable, public ledger distributed across hundreds of thousands of computers for anyone to see and verify. Due to its distr ibuted nature, records on the blockchain cannot be altered in any way.   “Traditionally, you can’t get your money back or determine how it’s being used,” Michael Yeung, a founder of blockchain-based charity organization Grace Token, told  NYTimes . “Now we can specify a time or conditions for each donation.”  Bitcoin, the first cryptocurrency, was created in 2009 as a digital asset for peer-to-peer transactions without intermediaries over a public distributed ledger called a blockchain. Because everything is tracked, Bitcoin enables donors to easily see where their donation goes to after it leaves their wallet.     “You’ve seen numerous scandals where charitable donations end up being used for operating costs,” said Andreas Antonopoulos, a Bitcoin expert, “It’s very difficult to see where a donation is going, but this could change that ”  This tracking mechanism is ushering a new era of transparency for both donors and charity, deepening their connection to humanitarian causes by providing them with a tool to see how their donations are being used.  For Brad Hines, a digital marketing strategist in Boston, all he wanted to do when he sent funds from his Bitcoin wallet to the Red Cross, was to help those whose lives had been devastated by the flood using an incorruptible medium.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Dash Hits New All-Time High as Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash Struggle Twitter  Bitcoiners have had a wild weekend from November 11 to 12, as  bitcoin keeps struggling  to maintain its price above the $6,600 mark, after plunging from $7,300 to $5,600 in only two days. As recently covered by CCN, the number one cryptocurrency recently developed a  backlog of over 100,000 transactions , in which millions worth of bitcoin are stuck, waiting for confirmations.  Bitcoin Cash , partly thanks to the cancellation of the SegWit2x hard fork, saw its value surge this week to the point it briefly  surpassed the market cap of Ethereum at $30 billion . The cryptocurrency reached an all-time high above $2,400 before its price corrected, to about $1,092.91 at press time, according to data from  CoinMarketCap .  Dash, on the other hand, went relatively unnoticed by the cryptocurrency community this week, although its value significantly rose. On November 7,  Dash  was at about $275 per token, while at press time the cryptocurrency is up by 27.46 percent in the last 24 hours, as a token is now worth $436.73 and the cryptocurrency ’s market cap surpassed $3.2 billion. Its surge has been so significant,  Dash hit a new all-time high of $530.94  this week.   Dash has been rising due to a number of reasons: among them a recent upgrade, the struggles Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash have been dealing with, and various published press releases.  Block size increase  Bitcoiners recently saw the  cancellation of the SegWit2x hard fork , which would double block size in  bitcoin’s  network to 2 MB. This led various investors, who were expecting the SegWit2x token “airdrop”, to sell their bitcoin as they would no longer receive it, and led various big block supporters to invest in Bitcoin Cash due to its 8 MB limit.  While an 8 MB limit makes Bitcoin Cash the favorite cryptocurrency among the big block crowd, Dash’s recent update includes a block size upgrade on its network that has certainly caught the attention of various big blockers.  Furthermore, Dash has its own scalability plan that’s focused on on-chain scaling, which developers in a few other projects, including bitcoin, believe not to be a good option. On a  Medium blog post , Dash’s founder Evan Duffield stated:  “Many projects in the space believe that on-chain scaling is impossible. That’s simply because they haven’t explored alternative P2P architectures for higher performance. We intend to show just how far an incentivized second tier architecture can take a project like Dash.”  Dash Core software upgrade  This week, Dash release a  new version of the Dash Core software . With it, came various new features and improvements, including the implementation of a 2 MB block size, and a transaction fee reduction that should attract bitcoiners tired of the network’s fees.  The upgrade also fixes vulnerabilities, bugs, and improves the cryptocurrency’s system. It’s part of the Dash Evolution upgrade, which is expected for late next year, and aims to make cryptocurrency incredibly easy to use, so that everyone can benefit from it.  Dash’s network is unique, as it allocates about 10% of block rewards to fund projects. Among them are some promoting the cryptocurrency, such as  Dashforce . As the network upgrade rolled out,  press releases were published  on various websites, further helping the cryptocurrency grow.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   British Economist Worked Out 57% Bitcoin Interest Rate, Ahead of its Time Twitter  Even before bitcoin was invented British economist John Maynard Keynes had managed to work out the interest rate of the cryptocurrency: 57 percent.  Born on the 5th June, 1883, in Cambridge, England, into a well-to-do academic family, Keynes lived through a turbulent period in British history. Having lived through the Boer War, both World Wars, and worldwide economic depression, he died on the 21st April, 1946. During his life, though, he achieved fame as the world ’s foremost economist. His best-known work is  The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money , which was published in 1936, and became a benchmark for future economic thought.  How, though, does this relate to bitcoin? According to a report from  Bloomberg Businessweek , Keynes was able to work out the rate of the currency being lent and borrowed if it were invented. It found that Italian academic Piero Sraffa put forward that every commodity has its own borrowing cost. Keynes subsequently borrowed this idea for his 1936 book.  For instance, if a person has 100 Singapore dollars and they sell those for 73 U.S. dollars on the 9th November, deposit the money into their account for 50 days until the 29th December, while buying more Singapore dollars through a forward contract for the 29th December, they will end up with 100.15 Singapore dollars, the report finds.  It says:  Currency traders deal with implied interest rates all the time, [so] in 50 days, you effectively earned an annualized interest rate of 1.11 percent.  Pelham Smithers Associates then took the information from Sraffa and Keynes, and futures prices on Deribit, a European bitcoin futures and options exchange, to extract bitcoin interest rates. It determined it to be around 50 percent.  The report adds:  Retracing that analysis, I compute that selling 1 bitcoin for $7,220 on Nov. 4 and simultaneously investing $7,235 ($7,220 plus Libor interest of $15) in a Dec. 29 futures contract would allow for nearly 1.1 bitcoin to be purchased. That ’s an annualized interest rate of 57 percent.  These high rates represent extreme price volatility, Pelham Smithers suggests. Even though the currency has reached a new stage of maturity it still undergoes wide price swings. Last week, bitcoin rose to a  new all-time high of $7,800  after Mike Belshe, BitGO CEO, announced that the planned SegWit2x upgrade had been suspended. Since then the digital currency has fallen below $7,000 to $6,888, according to CoinMarketCap.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Cash Soars and Falls Over the Weekend; Is it Sustainable?  Twitter  The price of  Bitcoin Cash  achieved $2,800 for the first time in its short three-month history on November 12, as it became the sole beneficiary of the cancellation of the SegWit2x hard fork.  But, it struggled to sustain its upward momentum in the short-term, plunging to $1,100 from over $2,800 within the past two days. Since then, the price of Bitcoin Cash has stabilized at around $1,110.  Bitcoin Cash price trend over the weekend  Factors Behind the Bitcoin Cash Price Surge  During the unforeseen increase in the price of Bitcoin Cash, the daily trading volume of the cryptocurrency market surged to $22 billion, to a new all-time high. In the same period, the combined market valuation of all of the cryptocurrencies in the market remained identical at around $200 billion.  Hence, it was unlikely that that new investors were engaging in bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash trading over the past three days. Rather, it likely were existing traders or bitcoin investors moving their large amounts of their funds from bitcoin to Bitcoin Cash.  From November 11 to 13, Bithumb, the South Korean cryptocurrency market’s largest exchange by trading volume and also the world’s second largest trading platform, was at the epicenter of attention from the cryptocurrency community. It accounted for nearly 50 percent of all trades, with Korbit and Coinone, other two South Korean exchanges, accounting for nearly 11 percent of the trades.  In all, around 61 percent of Bitcoin Cash trading was processed in South Korea.  South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges have integrated Bitcoin Cash well before the recent price surge of the Bitcoin Cash. Thus, the argument that the integration of Bitcoin Cash by Bithumb, Korbit, and Coinone caused the price of Bitcoin Cash to go up is invalid. Also, it is also difficult to justify the abrupt rise in the price of Bitcoin Cash as organic growth, given that its price has fallen by more than 60 percent in just two days.   Interestingly, South Korea is the only major cryptocurrency market which remains unregulated, despite it being the third largest market for bitcoin and the largest market for both Ethereum and Bitcoin Cash. More to that, the vast majority of leading cryptocurrency exchanges in South Korea have  zero-fee policy, similar to China in 2016.   Because of Bithumb’s zero-fee policy, it is possible to manipulate the trading volumes of cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin Cash and Ethereum, as bitcoin traders did on Chinese exchanges in 2016. Only a year ago, the bitcoin community believed that China was accountable for 90 percent of global trades. Eventually, it was discovered that the Chinese market accounted for only 15 percent of global trades.   Can Bitcoin Cash Grow at a Consistent Pace?  As Xapo President Ted Rogers explained, the recent price trend of Bitcoin Cash was not sustainable. But, Bitcoin Cash does have a market it can serve for immediate payments and short-term scaling. Bitcoin and security expert Andreas Antonopoulos  noted:  “Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash will coexist and serve different use cases, just like Bitcoin and Ethereum. Its not a zero sum game. Work on building your project, not on destroying the other.”  In the long-term, like Ethereum demonstrated an exponential growth rate since 2015, it is possible that Bitcoin Cash can grow at a consistent pace, if the businesses, investors, and infrastructure that supposed SegWit2x do in fact migrate over to Bitcoin Cash.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   The World’s Largest FinTech Event Kicks Off in Singapore Twitter  The second edition of the Singapore FinTech Festival began on Monday, a week-long event comprising of over 25,000 participants from over 100 countries.  Lasting a week, this year’s  Singapore FinTech festival  is organized by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS), the country’s central bank and financial regulator, in partnership with the Association of Banks in Singapore (ABS), an organization that represents the retail and investment banking community of Singapore.  Last year’s inaugural event saw over 13,000 participants from 60 countries.  “We are pleased that the Singapore FinTech Festival has grown this year, to become the world’s largest FinTech Festival,” stated MAS FinTech chief Sopnendu Mohanty. “It is a synergistic platform for the global FinTech community to spark new ideas and gain valuable insights. There will be many opportunities for financial institutions and FinTech companies to come together and co llaborate on value-adding partnerships.”  For Singapore, a country synonymous with being ahead of the curve in adopting technologies, the event is noteworthy for being organized by the country’s central bank, an institution that has led the effort to establish Singapore as a global FinTech hub.  The global blockchain community will, in particular, be paying keen attention to the MAS’ technical report of Phase 2 of  Project Ubin , the central bank’s initiative to develop and deploy a digital Singaporean dollar. Earlier this year, Phase 1 has already seen the central bank “place a tokenized form of the Singapore dollar (SGD)”  on a private Ethereum blockchain .  The event’s highlight will feature a three-day FinTech conference, starting Tuesday, featuring over 160 leaders from central banks, regulatory agencies, financial institutions and FinTech companies. The conference will also feature a talk by Netherlands’ Queen Maxima who, in her capacity as UN Secretary-General’s special advocate for inclusive finance, will speak about using te chnology toward a financially inclusive future. The second day of the FinTech conference will feature an opening address from Arun Jaitley, India’s finance minister.  On Thursday, the event will showcase 20 market-ready FinTech solutions shortlisted from nearly 600 global submissions as a part of its Global FinTech Hackcelerator program. The ready-to-deploy solutions will focus on select key areas, namely customer-facing solutions, regulatory technology and financial inclusion.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Rollercoaster Weekend: Bitcoin Price Falls From $7,300 to $5,600 and Rebounds to $6,200 Twitter  Within a single weekend, from November 11 to 12, the bitcoin price plunged from $7,300 to $5,600, and recovered to $6,200, in less than 48 hours.   Beginning late Saturday evening, the bitcoin price began to fall from $7,300 to $6,900, as Bitcoin Cash started to record major gains. By Sunday morning, the price of Bitcoin Cash has surpassed $2,900, a new all-time high, while the price of bitcoin plummeted to $5,600.  As such, the rapid surge in the market valuation of Bitcoin Cash and abrupt plunge in the price of bitcoin led to serious market turbulence and uncertainty, as a relatively large portion of investors initiated a sell-off of bitcoin.  Daily Trading Volume Hits $22 Billion  The daily trading volume of the cryptocurrency market achieved $22 billion on Sunday, as the trading volumes of both bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash surpassed $10 billion. Since then, trading volumes have decreased.  According to reports, several major bitcoin investors including bitcoin angel investor Roger Ver sold billions of dollars in bitcoin and allocated the majority of those funds to Bitcoin Cash. As a previous CCN report explained, the sole beneficiary of the cancellation of the SegWit2x hard fork has been Bitcoin Cash, as supporters of SegWit2x migrated to Bitcoin Cash and unified their vision of scaling bitcoin’s on-chain capacity for short-term scaling.   Consequently, the demand for Bitcoin Cash increased in one major region that is South Korea, mostly through Bithumb, the world’s second largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume behind Bitfinex. Several cryptocurrency communities in South Korea heavily invested in Bitcoin Cash primarily due to the movement of miners from bitcoin to Bitcoin Cash.  However, traders were made aware that the migration of miners from bitcoin to Bitcoin Cash cannot be permanent, as miners moved when the Bitcoin Cash blockchain was more profitable to mine. Miners are extremely sensitive to profitability, primarily because mining requires a significant amount of resources, capital, and infrastructure.  Hence, in the near future, after a difficulty adjustment on both blockchains, it is likely that miners will move back to bitcoin if it becomes the more profitable blockchain to mine. Because of the tendency of miners to switch between more profitable blockchains, hash power is often not an accurate indicator to utilize to determinate the mid-term growth of a cryptocurrency.  In fact, as Ivie Business School professor JP Vergne wrote, developer activity is usually the most accurate indicator of a cryptocurrency’s price trend.  “We found that the best predictor of a cryptocurrency ’s exchange rate is the amount of developer activity around it,” explained Vergne.  What Lies Ahead?  Given that the bitcoin price has stabilized in the $6,200 region and the tendency of bitcoin to rebound to its previous all-time highs, it is likely that the price of bitcoin will soon recover back to the $7,000 region, especially if institutional and retail investors attracted by CME Group and CBOE’s bitcoin futures exchange launch begin to engage in bitcoin trading.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   US Customs and Border Protection Discovers 14 Blockchain Use Cases Twitter  An advisory committee to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is looking into the applicability of the blockchain and how it can be used within the agency.  According to a  published report , the working group was established by the Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee (COAC) in September. It was initially set up by the COAC and the Customs and Border Protection to determine issues relating to new technologies or the advancement of existing technologies, which will have an impact on trade.  The report suggests that the working group will be looking into the applicability of the blockchain on trade processing. An educational day provided by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) on the distributed ledger and how it ’s being used has already taken place. As has an identification day on the practical use cases that can be explored further.  The report said:  The group came up with 14 proposed use cases. They included ideas such as capturing and keeping track of partnering government agencies licenses, permits, certificate of origin reporting and free trade agreement product qualifications, carnets and bonded movement tracking.  It adds that the group is now looking into the cases and determining the workflow processes to see how it would be used with the blockchain.  It remains to be seen what results will be found and whether the technology will be employed within the agency. The technology has already been used within a number of U.S. departments indicating the perceived potential it has.  The United Nations is one such organisation that is turning to the blockchain. So much so, that two UN agencies have partnered with the World Identity Network (WIN) to launch a blockchain pilot to help  combat child trafficking  around the world. It ’s hoped that by securing the identification of children on the distributed ledger they will be less likely to fall into the hands of human traffickers.  In March, the UN ’s World Food Programme (WFP) was reported as using the Ethereum blockchain to  distribute cash assistance  to the world’s hungriest families. The aim was to highlight that the technology can be used to send aid to people who need it the most quickly and safely.  These are just a few of the use cases that the technology is being used in. However, it shows the impact the technology can have and the improvements it can bring with its transparency and immutability.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   HydroMiner Approaches ICO Conclusion with Record-Setting Success Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  HydroMiner is the new benchmark for Austrian ICOs  Green energy crypto mining start up  HydroMiner  continues to witness a high subscription to its ongoing H2O token sale, already breaking several records along the way with still more than two days remaining on its  ICO .  At the time of writing on 12 November, the HydroMiner ICO has already sold over 958,00 H2O tokens, raising more than 8,000 ETH (currently valued at over USD 2.45 million) in just 25 days.   This impressive performance places HydroMiner among the successful ICOs to have launched in Austria. It surpasses the USD 2 million raised by Austria’s first ICO (an e-sports betting platform) in October. Austria is establishing itself as a great crypto destination in Europe.  The incredible demand for H2O tokens was apparent even from the opening day of the ICO, which drew in hundreds of participants in the first moments, buying tokens worth a  record 1,874 ETH in only 30 minutes .  HydroMiner’s viability makes it an attractive opportunity  It has been apparent from the beginning that the HydroMiner ICO would be one of the most unique opportunities to present itself among blockchain enterprises, with its mission of an eco-friendly hydro power solution aiming to open up the complex world of crypto mining to the public.  With an existing operation providing the basis for profitability projections with real-world comparisons to alternatives such as cloud mining and home mining, the HydroMiner team presents a realistic business plan with a long-term perspective.  Openness and transparency key to huge support  Led by the sisters Nadine and Nicole damblon, the HydroMiner management sets the standard for an open and transparent ICO, with regular face time with its community, through interviews and previews from their facilities. They are one of the very few ICO projects to fully welcome participants and supporters to tour their mining facilities in Austria, ensuring that the project ac tually exists.  They have also been forward and prompt in informing supporters about developments to HydroMiner, most particularly when the tokenized model of profits was revised to better reflect regulatory compliance.  The Damblons and their team have also been participating in blockchain conferences throughout the year, ensuring that the HydroMiner project’s profile continues to be public, and taking their vision to the masses.  Regulatory assurance for increased confidence and trust  The surge in demand for H2O tokens during the ICO is likely to also be partly owing to HydroMiner’s commitment to ensuring that its operation achieved long-term feasibility in terms of business legitimization and sustainability.  Since the conclusion of the pre-sale, HydroMiner has worked tirelessly to protect its investors by making sure that HydroMiner would be able to operate for many years to come, generating value to every stakeholder, token holder and the local communities it aims to support.  In engaging Austrian legal firm and ICO regulation experts Stadler Völkel, HydroMiner has demonstrated its willingness to be fully prepared to navigate the ever-evolving environment of regulatory, financial and legal frameworks. It recognizes that ICOs are a new tool in finance that must be proactive in complying with often fast-changing regulations.  Participate in one of the year’s most unique ICOs in the lucrative industry of crypto mining  With less than 70 hours remaining, it’s not too late to grab your share of HydroMiner’s H2O tokens at its  token sale  page. From there, all contributors will need to agree to terms and conditions, and whitelist the Ethereum address and emails intended to be used. Non-whitelisted contributions will not be recognized.  Those who contribute from now to 15 November will still benefit from a 5% bonus on all token purchases.  About HydroMiner, the green cryptocurrency mining start-up  HydroMiner started life little over a year ago as a modest mining rig run by sisters Nadine and Nicole Damblon in their own apartments in Austria. It has since grown into a large-scale mining operation powered by carbon-neutral hydro-power stations in the Austrian Alps.  It was here that they hit upon the idea of solving the unsustainability of an increasingly power-hungry mining industry thanks to exponentially increasing difficulty. Austria leads the world in renewable energy, generating the most renewable energy among EU countries. Currently, over 670 run-of-river power plants and 1,800 small-scale hydro power stations generate more than 60%  of Austria’s electricity.  Hydro power is not only cheaper, it results in more savings when used as part of a flowing river water-based cooling system. It also has a carbon footprint 100 times smaller than that of conventional fossil fuel.  The HydroMiner ICO  HydroMiner currently operates two hydro power stations near Vienna, the capital of Austria.  The HydroMiner token sale aims to raise funds to finance an expansion of mining capacity through the rental of more hydro power stations. Its tokenized model will also allow investors to participate in an industry-first initiative in eco-friendly crypto mining.  Press Contact  https://www.hydrominer.org  Philip Dimitrov  CMO, HydroMiner  [email  protected]  
INCREASE	   Ethereum-based Decentralized Online Sports Lottery Launches Pre-ICO Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  EtherSport , an innovative online sports lottery platform based on blockchain technology an Ethereum smart contracts, is about to enter its Pre-ICO stage on November, 13th. During this public preliminary sale, 10 million ESC tokens will be sold at the lowest price to the early investors, or literally anyone willing to participate and having an Ethereum wallet.   EtherSport uses ICO to raise funds and create an innovative and transparent betting on sports events. Each participant of the EtherSport crowdfunding campaign will receive a respective amount of ESC, an internal currency used to conduct all operations within the EtherSport system. ESC tokens can be used as platform currency for buying lottery tickets, as an investment to get di vidends — 15% of the raised money from each lottery, or as a speculative commodity to trade on an exchange.  Alex Tsymbal, CEO of EtherSport,  explains the competitive advantages of the platform compared to other players on the market:  “EtherSport is transparent, meaning every aspect of the lottery can be viewed and verified. EtherSport is decentralized, so that once we deploy the lottery smart contract into the blockchain, it can’t be changed and compromised. EtherSport has a clear and understandable source of drawing results, and everyone is able to follow this process, and EtherSport’s input threshold is o nly $1, so practically anyone in the world can buy a lottery ticket and have equal chance to hit the jackpot. Also, the system itself will be open-source, the smart contract and lottery bank collection and distribution code will be accessible on GitHub.”  Unlike many other ICOs, the company has made its pre-sale open for everyone who has an Ethereum wallet, without any registration or data submission. Moreover,  the minimum purchase amount is 1 ESC token only. To take part in the EtherSport ICO, you should simply send ETH to the token offering address, which will be available on the official website as of November, 13th. Your tokens will be sent to your sending address automatically.  10,000,000 ESC tokens will be sold at 0.0005 ETH for 1 ESC during the Pre-ICO stage (November 13th  – 19th). Thereby, EtherSport has created favourable conditions for the early birds who will be able to get  2,000 tokens for just 1 ETH during the Pre-ICO.  In comparison, you will be able to get 1,000 tokens per 1 ETH during the first hour of the actual ICO start. Generally, the ICO campaign will last one month (November, 20th, to December, 20th) and will be implemented in 4 stages. With every ICO stage, the ESC token price will grow respectively, which means that  the earlier you invest, the more tokens you will get.  All in all, 100,000,000 ESC tokens will be created, with 70% of them to be distributed during Pre-ICO and ICO.  Preserving the transparency principles, EtherSport has already revealed its detailed white paper, roadmap, conditions, and the team behind the project on the official  website , which will also serve as the platform for the ESC token sale starting on November, 13th.   
INCREASE	   (+) 5 Things to Watch Next Week: Saudi Arabia and Iran, Bitcoin in Correction, Stocks Left Behind, Junk Bonds, and the Dollar Rally Twitter  
INCREASE	   UTRUST Smashes past Soft-Cap During Pre-ICO, Ahead of Ongoing ICO Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Continuing from where it left off during its pre-sale event  – which sold out in 90 minutes  –   UTRUST  has smashed through its $10 million soft cap barely a day into its public ICO on November 2nd. This monumental milestone achievement has set the foundation for the company ’s revolutionary cryptocurrency payments platform with consumer protection.  Demand for the tokens has been buoyed by news of   UTRUST ’s incorporation as a limited liability company in Switzerland, its ongoing progress towards full regulatory compliance within the Swiss jurisdiction, and appearance at key blockchain conferences around the world. These recent developments are in line with the startup’s commitment to protect customers by ensuring a legally-compliant and future-proof platform.  Set to disrupt the online payments industry and bring about financial inclusion to some 2.5 billion unbanked people and merchants in the global market through blockchain-based, innovative solutions,   UTRUST  acts as a trustless mediator for online transactions powered by cryptocurrency. Its’ groundbreaking, PayPal-like consumer protection mechanisms enables users to confidently buy and sell goods and services using their favorite cryptocurrencies, knowing that their purchases are protected and refundable. Merchants, on the other hand, can accept cryptocurrency payments with the kn owledge that they can protect against market volatility by instantly withdrawing to fiat.  UTRUST  believes that future of online payment will be based on cryptocurrencies. This is why it ’s ICO is one of the few ICOs that allows citizens from the US participate. The conditional participation enables accredited US investors to buy tokens subject to a 12-month vesting period where they can neither be withdrawn or sold. The public ICO, which launched on November 2nd has been set for a $49 million hard cap.  Funds realized from the token sale will enable   UTRUST  establish key industry partnerships in developing the world’s first PayPal-like cryptocurrency payments platform. UTRUST’s end goal is to provide all the benefits of fast, secure, convenient, and inexpensive cryptocurrency transactions, alongside payment protections, which consumers need to fully embrace blockchain technology en masse.  UTRUST ’s ERC20 compatible tokens are created over Ethereum blockchain network protocol, and can be used as a means of zero transaction fee payment on the payment gateway. The token can also be traded against other currencies on supported exchange platforms. Being a deflationary currency by design,   UTRUST  will allocate a certain portion of the revenues to buyback and destroy the tokens in circulation. This will ensure the steady growth and increase of market value and demand.  The Team:  UTRUST is backed by a highly experienced team from various sectors including corporate management, startups, payments, cryptocurrency development, law, finance, and computer science. Some of the prominent members of the team include:  Nuno Correia, CEO  Nuno Correia is an early cryptocurrency investor who has been involved in the cryptomarkets since the beginning of 2011. Having founded multiple B2C businesses in the past, Correia has a background in Law and Marketing, and his passion lies in transforming the future of digital payments.  Filipe Castro, CIO:  Filipe Castro holds a business degree from MSENG and is passionate about disruptive technologies. He has experience developing electronic payment systems and other software solutions during the early days of his career. Castro is engaged in business development and strategic development of new ventures.  Artur Goulão, CTO:  Artur Goulão comes with previous experience in the payments industry. He has previously donned the role of a CTO in one of leading digital payment platform and is currently serving as the Head of Development at a Swiss-based Cybersecurity company. With a background in computer science from IST and MIT, Goulão is well-acquainted with both classical and blockchain smart contract- based approaches.  Roberto Machado, CPO:  Founder and Product Manager at several startups prior to UTRUST, he has been leading different teams to build highly-reliable software products, with a focus on the end user experience. Previously, he has worked together with major international companies such as AT &T, Betfair, Airtel, and Uphold, being responsible for the vision outline, goals and product strategy of solutions used by millions of users.  UTRUST’s diverse advisory team includes Francisco Maia, Francisco Cruz, Joao Paulo, Sergio Viana, Marc Howland, David Dryan, Daniel Pierce and Sascha Benz.  Learn more about UTRUST:   https://utrust.io  Join UTRUST on Telegram at:   https://t.me/utrustofficial  Whitepaper:   https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/utrust/UTRUST-whitepaper-v1.0.1.pdf  Visit UTRUST on bitcointalk:   https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2078433.0  Learn more about UTRUST’s ICO:   https://utrust.io/ico  Follow UTRUST on Twitter:   https://twitter.com/UTRUST_Official  Join UTRUST on Facebook:   https://www.facebook.com/utrust.io  Read UTRUST’s posts on Medium:   https://medium.com/@UTRUST  
INCREASE	   PayCent Is Morphing into a Complete Financial Ecosystem Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Cryptocurrencies have been in vogue for nearly a decade now since the coming of Bitcoin on the scene in 2009 but they have not entered mainstream use till now. While there is increasing trade of these currencies and discussion on them,  we are still far  from the time when you can walk into any store and use them to buy let’s say a bar of soap. What would it take to change this scenario? Now  PayCent , a  financial platform  that includes a multi currency crypto and fiat wallet is attempting to bridge the gap between cryptocurrency users and digital money. PayCent will combine the ease of converting these currencies within the wallet  with a myriad of other financial services such as microloans and mPOS services that will bring cryptocurrencies into everyday use and allow people to experience a gr eat deal of financial freedom.  An ICO in phases will fund PayCent Platform  PayCent are in the process of  holding an initial coin offering (ICO) , which began on November 2, 2017. The token sale is unique in the respect that it is the first ever ICO that is being held in phases. PayCent ICO will take place in 8 phases spanning 4 years. Every phase will have its own hard cap with the current phase having a hard cap of 30 million PayCent (PYN) tokens. PayCent ICO is being held in phases due to the advice of the PayCent co mmunity as well as advisors. One of the advantages of holding the token sale in this way is that token holders will be able to take stock of the progress of PayCent as every phase has its own stated aim. As the project moves forward in the future, token holders can have complete transparency and can make an informed decision.    Early token holder in the token sale and in the first phases of the ICO will get bonus tokens as a reward. In the phase that is in progress and due to end on November 30, 2017, token holders can get 18% extra tokens. PayCent are accepting cryptocurrencies like Ethereum, Bitcoin, Litecoin and Bitcoin Cash for the sale of PYN tokens. Each ETH token equals 600 PYN. The ICO has alr eady reached 22% of the total cap.  Token sale token holders get a cut of profits  Token holders in the ICO will stand to gain as they will receive 33% of aggregate revenue that arises from the internal conversions between fiat and cryptocurrencies within the wallet. Further PayCent will also have a microlending business and the token holders will be receiving 33% of the revenue generated from the interest on these loans. There is a fixed cap on all of the ph ases of the ICO combined and no new PYN tokens will be launched post ICO. All unsold tokens will be burned. This will give rise to scarcity and may appreciate token price on exchanges. Interestingly since the wallet is acting as a bridge between crypto and fit, it is a self-contained product and many users may choose to convert their currencies within the wallet giving rise to  the possibility that this feature can raise a significant amount of revenue. A side benefit is of course that more people will end up using cryptocurrencies if conversion to and fro from fiat is made simpler and more convenient.  PayCent platform is an ecosystem in itself  The PayCent wallet is unique  in the sense that it allows for conversion between cryptocurrencies as well as fiat. There are other benefits attached as well. PayCent are offering a mPOS service which allows users to pay for utilities such as water and electricity as well as cable TV with the wallet. Users will be able to pay for goods and services internationally using PayCent as well. This allows for more  use of digital currencies across board. However, we wanted to know how the exchanged process works and how much it costs. A PayCent spokesperson we talked with explains, “The conversion of fiat to cryptocurrency is simple with PayCent. User clicks on  “exchange tab ” on the PayCent app,chooses the particular digital currency he/she wants to purchase and enters the amount. Voila, the purchase is successfully within a few seconds. Also, the rate is very nominal  – 1.5% of the amount.”   There are also plans afoot to launch debit cards in Asia Pacific, CIS, EU and the UK starting April 10, 2018. Early token holders who have invested more than 500 ETH and 100 ETH will be receiving PayCent Solitaire and Sapphire cards for free. These cards will fit in and serve the needs of users who need to use more than just the wallet and make the PayCent account even more cen tral and relevant to them. The platform will also allow PayCent to create credit profile of their users, which will enable them to start their microlending operations. Users will be able to get increasing amounts of credit depending on their profile.  A solid team builds a strong platform  The team at PayCent and their advisors come from diverse backgrounds with long carriers and proven track records. The PayCent team is lead by the President and Co-founder  Sumedha Goel , who is herself a Bitcoin enthusiast. Sumedha has been the co-founder and CEO for over 9 years at the Asian Investments Group in the Middle East. The Vice President and Co-founder Svetlana Umarova is the founder and president of the Asian Investments Group Middle East and has helped it grow into a billion dollar conglomerate.  Brian Tan , is the CEO of PayCent and is experienced in strategic partnerships and company development and has experience of working with the payments industry.  Nitin Gupta  is the COO and a fintech and payments professional with more than 9 years of experience. The CIO  Arthur Munsayac  has nearly 2 decades of experience in IT roles and 7 years of experience as CIO of AIG Middle East. Advisors to PayCent include  Peter Bergstrom  founder of BitBlock Ventures, Suraj GV, CFO of Blue Line Shipping Group, Dubai,  Aaron Lam , Director of Corporate Finance, Aaron and many other  eminent persons .   Adding value to the financial industry  Paycent have developed a financial ecosystem but they have not neglected to take the regulatory route and get needed approvals. UAE and Philippines have given out regulatory licenses to them and Singapore and Hong Kong have approved of the platform ‘in-principle’. Since the product on offer i.e. the wallet is already working and can be downloaded on Apple and Google stores and  the project has already established relationships with mainstream commercial institutions, it is possible that PayCent can evolve over time to become a very important player in the crypto landscape. It would not be surprising then if they have immense value to add to the financial industry.  
INCREASE	   Australia’s Financial Watchdog Will Monitor Bitcoin Exchanges Twitter  AUSTRAC, Australia’s financial intelligence and watchdog, will now monitor bitcoin exchanges following newly passed legislation.  Under  new legislation  passed by the Australian Senate on Thursday, bitcoin exchanges will now be required to register on the ‘Digital Currency Exchange Register’ maintained by the Australian Transactions and Reporting Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC).  The legislation, which prioritizes the regulation of digital currency exchange operators, is a part of a wider reform of the government’s anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing (AML/CTF) laws.  As revealed by industry group  FinTech Australia , the amended rules will mandate bitcoin exchanges to implement measures to identify and mitigate money laundering and terrorism financing risks while following KYC norms to identify their users. Exchanges are also required to report any suspicious transactions, international transactions and fiat cash deposits that exceed AU$10,000.  FinTech Australia chief executive Danielle Szetho revealed the government had collaborated with the country’s fintech sector to develop the newly enforced legislation, stating:  Now it is in place, the legislation will help bring further legitimacy to exchanges operating in Australia, unlocking the benefits of digital currency usage and trading whilst ensuring this is done in an appropriate way.  “This will stamp out fraud and allow innovation to flourish; a bold move that will benefit Australians for years to come,” added Paul McKenzie, operations manager at Victoria-based digital currency exchange ACX.io.  As  reported  in October, the new legislation will also bestow enhanced powers to AUSTRAC’s chief executive, enabling the official to “make rules to expand or narrow the scope of the digital currency definition.”  The bill follows another noteworthy piece of legislation in October when the Australian Parliament passed the bill to  put an end to the double taxation  of transactions involving cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. The amended law now deems bitcoin and digital currencies as the equivalent of a “foreign currency”, under applicable GST treatment.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Headed for $100,000, Says Trader Who Called Q4 Rally Twitter  A Hong Kong trader who successfully forecast the bitcoin price’s dramatic year-end ascent believes that the flagship cryptocurrency’s rally is far from over.  Dave Chapman, managing director of cryptocurrency trading firm Octagon Strategy,  told CNBC ’s  “ Squawk Box ” that many analysts scoffed at him when he predicted the bitcoin price would more than double in the fourth quarter and reach $10,000 before the end of the year.  “I was quoted back in August when bitcoin was trading at around $4,000 that we would have a five figure headline by the end of this year, ” he said.  “I think a lot of people thought I was crazy, a lot of people scoffed at me, but that ’s OK.”  However, despite condescending looks from bitcoin bears, the bitcoin price has met  — and exceeded  — Chapman’s prediction. At the time of writing, bitcoin was trading at $16,615, fresh off a 20 percent rally fueled by the launch of  CBOE’s regulated bitcoin futures  contracts.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The bears chalk this movement up to a speculative frenzy, and Chapman concedes that he is a bit concerned about the market’s current “heat”. However, he denies that bitcoin’s value is derived purely from speculation.  “Bitcoin allows the immediate transfer of value from one individual in the world to any other individual in the world, and it does that without a middle man. That ’s its value, ” he said.  “If you look at bitcoin and its impact on finance, it ’s really not that crazy to think that bitcoin could be an extremely huge disruptor to finance as we know it today. ”  Chapman said that the  launch of bitcoin derivatives  is a sign that cryptocurrency is “growing up,” and he added that he would not be surprised if the bitcoin price reaches $100,000 before the end of 2018.  Nevertheless, he cautioned that becoming too fixated on cryptocurrency prices will cause people to lose sight of the truly revolutionary aspects of the technology.  “The price to me is probably the most uninteresting component about bitcoin. I ’m more excited in the applications and more excited about what this means for people who don ’t have access to financial inclusion, ” Chapman concluded.  “If we focus on the price, we ’re losing track of the big picture. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Breaks CBOE as Futures Up 20% Hours After Launch, Trading at $18,210 Twitter  Within three hours after its listing of bitcoin futures, the website and online trading platform of the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) were inaccessible, due to an unexpected spike in demand and volume.  According to Tokyo-based technology journalist Yuji Nakamura, CBOE bitcoin futures processed $401,600 worth of trades within the first 20 minutes.    CBOE bitcoin futures pretty quiet so far. Just tiny little lots traded through the retail brokers I guess. Only $401,600 trading in the first 20 minutes  pic.twitter.com/cmOgBzHUuf  — Yuji Nakamura (@ynakamura56)  December 10, 2017   Only the Beginning, Billions Expected to Flow Into Bitcoin Market  Upon its debut earlier this year, the US Commodities and Futures Trading Commission (CFTC)-approved bitcoin derivatives, futures, and options exchange LedgerX announced that it had settled $1 million throughout its opening week, a period in which the exchange planned to clear minimum volumes to test the system.  A similar situation had occurred with CBOE during the first few hours since its listing of bitcoin futures. A sudden spike in volume and demand from institutional investors and retail traders in the traditional finance industry led the CBOE trading platform to become inaccessible for a brief period.  Over the next few weeks, institutional investors and investment firms with hundreds of billions of dollars in capital are expected to invest in the bitcoin market. Given that large-scale hedge funds are restricted to invest a minimum value of a few hundred million dollars, it is likely that in the short-term, billions of dollars will be invested in bitcoin.  Throughout the past month, several analysts expressed their concerns over the possibility of shorting bitcoin at a larger scale through bitcoin futures and CBOE’s futures exchange. Some analysts claim that excessive shorting of bitcoin could lead the price of the cryptocurrency to plunge.  However, as Zerohedge  reported on December 11,  investors have been paying premiums to invest in bitcoin. Currently, the price of bitcoin futures is up by over 20 percent since open. XBT/F8, the main bitcoin futures contract listed on the CBOE’s trading platform, is being traded at over $18,210, with a premium of $1,960.   Mid to Long-Term Trend  Based on the performance of bitcoin futures on the CBOE exchange over the past 6 hours, it seems evident that the demand for bitcoin from the traditional finance market is increasing at an exponential rate.  As BitMEX business development head Gwen Dwyer and JPMorgan global markets strategist Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou have noted throughout this week, the introduction of bitcoin futures to the global finance market will further solidify bitcoin as a major asset class by increasing its liquidity and stabilizing its market.   “In all, the prospective introduction of bitcoin futures has the potential to elevate cryptocurrencies to an emerging asset class. The value of this new asset class is a function of the breadth of its acceptance as a store of wealth and as a means of payment and simply judging by other stores of wealth such as gold, cryptocurrencies have the potential to grow further from here,”  said Panigirtzoglou.  On December 18, another major options exchange CME Group, the second largest exchange in the global market behind CBOE, is scheduled to list bitcoin futures. Several hedge funds including the $95 billion Man Group have already announced that they plan to commit to bitcoin investment upon CME ’s launch of its bitcoin futures exchange in the next few weeks.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Goldbug Ron Paul ‘Surprised’ His Followers Prefer Bitcoin to Gold Twitter  Former Republican Congressman and gold standard advocate Ron Paul said that he was “surprised” to learn that more than half of his Twitter followers would rather invest in bitcoin than gold.  Ron Paul  ‘Surprised ’ His Followers Prefer Bitcoin to Gold  As CCN  reported , the libertarian-leaning  Ron Paul  conducted an informal poll that asked respondents where they would invest a $10,000 gift that came with one string attached  — you cannot touch the investment for 10 years. Voters were given four options to choose from: U.S. dollars, gold, bitcoin, or a U.S. Treasury bond.   A wealthy person wants to gift you $10,000. You get to choose in which form you 'll take the gift. But there 's a catch: You must keep the gift in the form that you choose, and you can 't touch it for 10 years.  In which form would you take the gift?  — Ron Paul (@RonPaul)  December 5, 2017   More than half of the 70,513 respondents chose bitcoin, while 36 percent signaled that they prefer the long-term stability of gold. Only 10 percent of voters responded that they would prefer to hold the investment in cash or government bonds.  Paul, who is currently chief ambassador for precious metals IRA provider Goldco, told  Kitco News  that he was somewhat surprised by the results of the poll, but he was reassured that they would not entrust their investment to a government-linked financial instrument.  “It was a reflection of what happened today,” Paul said, alluding to bitcoin’s cinematic ascent. “Of course, bitcoin is very exciting, and it’s booming, but [bitcoin investors] don’t have a long-term perspective. What’s it going to be like in 10 years? Nobody knows. But we have a pretty good idea of where gold will be, in a general sense. ”  Of course, this is not a scientific poll. For one thing, the fact that Paul framed the investment as a gift  — not money the investor had personally earned  — could have made respondents more willing to make a bet on a riskier asset.  Moreover, the poll was posted on Twitter, whose users tend to skew younger  —  just like cryptocurrency investors . Goldbugs, on the other hand, tend to be of an older generation that uses social media at a lower rate. Moreover,  Consequently, it may not be an accurate reflection of the current investment landscape but rather where it could head in coming decades.  Ron Paul Not Joining the Bitcoin Bandwagon  But although the apparent demand for bitcoin among his followers caught Paul a bit off guard, there was one aspect of the poll that did not surprise him.  “I wasn’t surprised that only two percent would store away Federal Reserve notes, that was good,” reflected Paul, who has authored a book titled  End the Fed . He took this result as evidence that investors are frustrated with inflationary monetary policy that devalues currency over time.  Nevertheless, Paul said that although he finds cryptocurrency fascinating as an experiment in competing currencies, he will not be joining the bitcoin bandwagon.  “I have not been tempted at all, ” he said.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Russia’s Biggest Bank Pilots Money Transfer on an IBM Blockchain Twitter  Sberbank has piloted the Russian banking industry’s first ever payment transaction over a blockchain.  Sberbank, Russia’s biggest bank by assets, has executed a real-time money transfer over an IBM-built blockchain based on the Hyperledger Fabric – a blockchain software. The transaction involved a money transfer of an unknown sum between a payer and a receiver in two separate banks, facilitated by Sberbank’s IT systems complete with a web application for the bank’s client to tra ck the transfer.  As  reported  by CCN in July, the Linux Foundation-led open-source Hyperledger blockchain consortium formally released its first production-ready blockchain software in the Hyperledger Fabric 1.0.  “The blockchain solution created by Sberbank has allowed us to make the first pilot payment transaction – using IBM Blockchain technology – in the history of the Russian banking industry,” Sberbank’s managing director Stella Kudachkina said.  Sberbank also listed a number of participating partners involved in the pilot payment transaction, hinting at a future of blockchain payments for retail banking customers. They include MegaFon, Russia’s second-largest mobile phone operator; MegaLabs, a Moscow-based IT solutions provider; Alfa-Bank, a major Russian private bank and; technology giant IBM.  Notably, Sberbank and Alfa-Bank hosted the blockchain’s nodes with the ultimate aim to “serve as the primary scenario for developing a new settlement function” between the two banks.  The Sberbank executive added:  The advantage of using this technology when performing settlements is the high speed at which transfers are made: after the money is sent the transaction is recorded on the receiver’s account almost instantly, in real time, unlike the traditional system that is used to make transfers.  Sberbank’s announcement comes within months of the bank  joining  the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA), a consortium of companies, startups and governments working to leverage open-source Ethereum blockchain technology for enterprise solutions.  Earlier this year, the bank’s chief executive Herman Gref –  notably a bitcoiner  – claimed that Russia will see  commercial applications  of blockchain technology by 2019.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Surges 20% Overnight as Volume of CBOE Futures Skyrockets Twitter  The bitcoin price has surged by more than 20 percent overnight, triggered by the launch of the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) bitcoin futures trading platform.   According to cryptocurrency market data provider CryptoCompare, the bitcoin price increased from $13,400 to $16,315 within the past 24 hours.  Major Factor: Bitcoin Futures  Contrary to the claims of several analysts, the listing of bitcoin futures by CBOE, the global finance market’s largest options exchange, has been a driving factor behind the recent bitcoin price suge. Many investors in the market expect the price of bitcoin to increase further in the upcoming months, as tens of billions of dollars in institutional money flow into the bitcoin market.  In an interview with Business Insider , leading cryptocurrency exchange BitMEX business development head Greg Dwyer stated that the price of bitcoin could surpass $50,000 by the end of 2018, as with billions in institutional money, the market valuation of bitcoin will likely reach a trillion dollars in the mid-term.  “Now, looking at the current market cap of bitcoin as going to $300 billion, with more institutional money coming in we could see market caps go up to $500 billion, which could — or even $1 trillion — which could increase the price of bitcoin from now $15,000 up to $20,000, $25,000, or even $50,000,” said Dwyer.  Dwyer also emphasized that the listing of bitcoin futures by the world’s largest and most liquid exchanges such as CBOE, CME, and Nasdaq by the first quarter of 2018 will further stabilize the bitcoin market, allowing it to evolve into a major asset class.  In the long-term, if bitcoin can sustain its current growth rate, the cryptocurrency will compete against existing assets such as gold and penetrate into a multi-trillion dollar industry in offshore banking market, given the endorsement of bitcoin by the traditional finance industry and investors within it through bitcoin futures.  Sharing a similar sentiment as JPMorgan global markets strategist Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou, Dwyer added:  “This is a big endorsement for the digital currency trading space. We could see more flows come into it and also, not only that, but futures help dampen and reduce the volatility of the price. So, this could help stabilize bitcoin as an asset class. And basically increase the utility function of it as a source of economic — as a method of economic transactions.”  What Happens Next?  The entrance of large-scale institutional investors, retail traders, and hedge funds into the bitcoin market will trigger a domino effect across all major exchanges in leading bitcoin markets. The demand for bitcoin within markets such as the US, Japan, and South Korea will increase at a rapid rate, as institutions in the traditional finance sector rush to invest in bitcoin and provide services around the cryptocurrency.  Already, CBOE has started to demonstrate struggles in facilitating the rapid increase in demand for bitcoin from the traditional finance industry. Earlier today, CBOE’s website and its online trading platform were not accessible for several hours, merely within three hours after its listing of bitcoin futures.  In the short-term, the price of bitcoin will likely surge towards $20,000, as noted by Dwyer and prominent investors like Max Keiser and Mike Novogratz.  Featured image from Shuttersttock.  
INCREASE	   Impressive Recovery Seen in Crypto Markets Twitter             After a roller coaster of a weekend, in which many cryptocurrencies registered significant losses, the crypto market made a near-full recovery, with many currencies registering double digit gains. Overall, the crypto market is continuing its bull run, crossing the $400 billion mark, with the total market cap for all cryptocurrencies reaching above $440 billion.    CBOE Bitcoin futures hit markets today  BTC prices took a nosedive over the weekend, falling from a record high of more than $16,800 to as low as below $13,000. However, Bitcoin recovered since, climbing back more than 20% and trading above $16,000 this morning. The recent price surge could be attributed in part to the Bitcoin futures market, as CBOE starts offering its futures contracts today.  Highly volatile investment product. Your capital is at risk. This is not investment Advice.  Litecoin sees price surge  All of the top 20 cryptocurrencies registered gains in the past 24 hours, and several posted double-digit gains. Bitcoin, Bitcoin Gold and NEM all climbed above 20% and Litecoin showed gains of more than 16%, closing in on its all-time high of $162. Ethereum Classic also climbed more than 10%.  This article was first posted on  Etoro.com/blog : Our Premium Trading Partner.      
INCREASE	   Nokia Pilot Uses Blockchain to Improve Health Data Benefits Twitter  While technology has improved access to  health  data, the data is often not leveraged to its full potential due to privacy concerns and concerns about data authenticity.  Nokia  has partnered with OP Financial Group, a  Finland -based financial services group, to use blockchain technology to establish more trust in managing health data. According to a  Nokia blog , the purpose of the pilot project, which involves 100 people, is to provide individuals more control over their personal health data.  Blockchain Benefits  Blockchain technology can give people control over who they share their health data with. The blockchain ledger is maintained by parties that can have competing interests, which differs from centralized services such as Google, Facebook and Dropbox.  Under the pilot project, any data a user wishes to share is encrypted and can only be accessed by its intended participants. The owner of the data uses the Nokia Steel HR to share their data and provide proof of the data’s authenticity.  Users share their data from wearable Nokia devices and are rewarded for doing so. Participants’ daily activities are shared through the app, creating a private record on the blockchain. OP automatically rewards users with points based on what steps they have taken with respect to their fitness goals.  Also read:  This blockchain platform aims to end healthcare data breaches  New Possibilities  The pilot project will shed light on possibilities for incentive models like smart health insurance and in supporting programs that promote healthy lifestyles.  The project organizers believe it will only be possible to provide trustworthy advice on health issues and extract useful insights by establishing users’ trust. Nokia’s blockchain platform has been designed to address these issues. Nokia believes its collaboration with OP marks a step in creating a global digital health ecosystem that will benefit both individuals and society.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Litecoin Price Leaps 30% to New All-Time High Twitter  Litecoin price leaped by nearly a third on Monday, raising the sixth-largest cryptocurrency to a new all-time high.  Litecoin Price Touches $185  For most of December, the litecoin price had traded between $90 and $100, but on Friday it exploded to $130 and continued to rise heading into the weekend. On Saturday, litecoin topped $160 for the first time, but Sunday brought a minor halt to the rally, and the litecoin price slid below $125.  However, bolstered by  bullish sentiment among futures traders , the cryptocurrency markets posted a  comprehensive advance  on Monday, and litecoin has been among the day ’s top performers. On Bitfinex, the litecoin price touched $185 for the first time, representing a single-day rally of more than 30 percent.  Source: BitcoinWisdom  More than one-third of litecoin ’s trading volume is concentrated in USD and USDT trading pairs, while LTC/KRW accounts for another 12 percent.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Factors Behind the Rally  Although litecoin has been trending up for some time now, several distinct factors have contributed to its present rally. First, litecoin has benefited disproportionately from Coinbase ’s  rapidly-swelling userbase . Unlike bitcoin and ethereum  — the other two cryptocurrencies that Coinbase currently supports  — litecoin has little name recognition outside of the industry. Anecdotally, it appears that many new Coinbase users are purchasing a small amount of litecoin since it is available on the brokerage platform  — and so much cheaper than bitcoin and ethereum.  Second, Litecoin creator Charlie Lee has been invited on  several prominent new programs  to discuss bitcoin futures and other developments within the cryptocurrency industry, and he has used these opportunities to pitch litecoin as a solution for everyday payments that complements bitcoin ’s utility as a store of value.  Finally, investors believe that two recent announcements serve as confirmation of Lee ’s thesis. First, gaming giant Steam stated that it will  no longer accept bitcoin payments , citing rising transaction fees that currently make bitcoin impractical to use for small purchases. Conversely, Bitrefill  —  a top-up service for prepaid mobile phones   — announced that it will  accept litecoin , and LTC advocates believe that many other companies will follow suit in the near future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Chimaera Presents the Future of Gaming with Decentralized Autonomous Universes Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Interactive gaming has evolved rapidly over the years. What was once a one or two player is now a global movement. The number of gamers stands at 2.5 billion worldwide with the market value estimated at over $109 billion with China accounting for about a quarter of the total revenue. Experts anticipate the global market to grow to $128.5 billion by 2020.  The gaming industry is no longer a preserve for children. The fun and mental agility associated with gaming is attracting older gamers. According to a report from the  Entertainment Software Association,  72% of US gamers are aged 18 or older. In 2016, the  video game market  in the United States was valued at $17.68 billion USD. That same year  U.S. consumers  spent roughly double the amount on gaming hardware and accessories.  There is still an untapped market in the gaming industry, especially in online gaming. Other than a highly fragmented market, the  leading challenge  developers face is visibility. Furthermore, consumers and developers have a lot more options. Developers and companies alike are tasked with coming up with new ways to position themselves in the global competition.    Revolutionary Gaming Platform  Any seasoned developer understands how costly development is. Chimaera is set to provide developers with tools to create and launch games at a lower cost.  Significant barriers are independently managing game complexity, infrastructure costs, and publishing and account administration. This often makes it impossible for independent developers to bring their concepts to the marke t.   The Chimaera platform is open source. Video games running on it are powered by CHI tokens on its blockchain. It will have an API so that games written in any language can connect to it, giving designers the opportunity to design games in their language of choice. The goal is to foster creativity and bring concepts to life without worrying about infrastructure.  Chimaera is a continuation of blockchain gaming from the creators of Huntercoin, who first introduced the concept in 2013. The team has a wide spectrum of industry experts, creating a powerhouse needed to build a full-fledged game development ecosystem.  Chimaera’s main purpose is to become the leading all-in-one gaming platform for both developers and gamers. Chimaera, with roots in Namecoin, the first altcoin, incorporates Game Channels to add-in near limitless scalability that can accommodate countless games and players. Chimaera is set to provide unprecedented flexibility and convenience for game developers.  The Chimaera blockchain ensures that all participants in a decentralized game reach consensus on the current game state. Further, games remain fair and decentralized without burdening the shared blockchain with unnecessary data. More so, it provides a platform for uninterrupted gameplay through “Decentralized Autonomous Universes” or “DAUs.”  Chimaera offers an off-chain technology that let gamers only process and store states for games they are participating in. This is unlike Ethereum in which every full node fully processes and stores the state for every contract.  The platform is compatible with popular game engines like Unity and Unreal Engine. The SDK and API make it easier for developers to create blockchain games that can utilize Chimaera ’s infrastructure across various genres. Chimaera is dedicated to creative autonomy, decentralized autonomous MMO games, turn-based games, real-time strategy games, casual, gambling, and more.  The Huntercoin experiment reaffirmed how a provably fair blockchain game could create real-world value. Fundamentally altering how we look at video games, gamers can earn from playing games. Chimaera acts a technological launching pad that gives players real item ownership and a sense of exclusivity within game worlds. Using the platform, gamers can trade in-game assets safely  and securely.  All trading transactions are safe through Atomic Transactions. Atomic transactions facilitate transferring an asset and corresponding payment between two parties in a single, or atomic, transaction. Both parties must sign the transaction or it becomes invalidated after a pre-determined time-out period. This guarantees zero fraud when trading.    ICO  The innovative veteran gaming developers have set up a crowd sale to finance the project and encourage community participation. Those interested in getting involved can take place in either the pre-sale or public sale set to take place soon. A private sale is ongoing, so people and organizations can purchase the ecosystem’s reserve currency (CHI) through the company’s official  website . Token holders will receive one CHI per token they own.  Visit our website today:  www.chimaera.io  
INCREASE	   Two Firms File Bitcoin ETF Applications in Wake of CBOE Futures Launch Twitter  Two exchange-traded fund (ETF) providers have filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to create Bitcoin ETF products that trade in cryptocurrency derivatives.  Two Firms File Bitcoin ETF Applications  According to the SEC public filing system, the commission has received new applications for both  REX Bitcoin Strategy ETF and REX Short Bitcoin Strategy ETF , as well as  VanEck Vectors Bitcoin Strategy ETF .  The Connecticut-based REX filed its application on December 8  — two days before the first bitcoin futures contracts launched on CBOE  — while the New York-based VanEck filed on December 11.  Neither firm intends to hold bitcoins directly; rather, the actively-managed funds will trade futures contracts and other derivatives products to enable investors to profit from the price movements of the flagship cryptocurrency.   A myriad of fund providers have filed to create Bitcoin ETFs, but thus far, the SEC has either  denied or refused to review  the applications. In the former case, the SEC denied applications that sought to trade bitcoin directly, citing the unregulated nature of bitcoin exchanges. In the latter case, the SEC stated that the commission could not review an application for a fund that would invest in non-existent products, namely, bitcoin derivatives.   However, now that  CBOE has officially listed bitcoin futures  and  LedgerX  has launched other derivatives products, many analysts expect that the SEC will begin approving ETFs that trade these products. Consequently, the futures launch is expected to trigger a flurry of new Bitcoin ETF filings.  All Eyes Turn to SEC  The creation of the first Bitcoin ETF would be a historic moment for mainstream cryptocurrency adoption, as it would make bitcoin-linked investment products more easily accessible to retail investors who desire to invest in bitcoin through their brokerage and retirement accounts. It would also likely add more fuel to the bitcoin price ’s record rampage as it heads into 2018.  However, it is not clear to what extent  — if any  — the market has already priced an ETF into the general upswing surrounding the futures launch. Consequently, it is possible that an SEC rejection could move the markets into bearish territory.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Will be Legal, Mining to See Regulation: Russia’s Deputy Finance Minister Twitter  Russia’s deputy finance minister Alexei Moiseev has reportedly stressed that buying bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies will be legal in the country.  The Russian government will not outlaw nor punish buying or selling cryptocurrencies, Moiseev revealed according to  RT . However, the official underlined a stricter stance toward mining, suggesting a mandatory registration of cryptocurrency miners who would be limited to ‘legal entities and individual entrepreneurs.’ For others, cryptocurrency mining could be criminalized.  The official reportedly stated:  The penalties will be different, mostly administrative, but if someone created the cryptocurrency for the purpose of settlements, then there will be a criminal punishment.  Operators who mine cryptocurrencies for the creation of a financial pyramid or for the purposes of avoiding tax will also see criminal penalties, Moiseev added.  Notably, Moiseev has stressed that the buying and selling of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies would be legal in Russia. While there are no rules or laws toward bitcoin trading or mining in Russia presently,  a mandate  from Russian president Vladimir Putin has pushed for the development of a regulatory framework for initial coin offerings (ICOs) and cryptocurrency mining in Russia. In a mid-October meeting between Putin and major Russian financial regulators, the Russian leader reportedly signed off on officially regulating both the mining and supply of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin.  “[W]e agreed that the state should control the process of cryptocurrency emission and its circulation. The state should take control over it,” Russian finance minister Anton Siluanov said at the time. “I won’t speak about specific parameters now but in general we agreed that the state should take a lead in this process and to regulate it on the legislative level.”  Regulators are also drawing plans to impose limits on cryptocurrency purchases. An early draft bill calls for a maximum limit of 100,00 rubles (approx. $1,750) per individual. A ceiling of 600,000 rubles ($10,370) is also under consideration.  Further, Siluanov confirmed that the bill to regulate cryptocurrencies in Russia “will be ready” before the end of 2018.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price, Crypto Markets Trade Up After Cboe Futures Launch Twitter  The bitcoin price climbed nearly 20 percent in the hours following the launch of the bitcoin futures on U.S. derivatives exchange Cboe. The positive movement rippled throughout the markets, enabling the combined value of all cryptocurrencies to post a 13 percent increase.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Already on an incline, the cryptocurrency market cap had entered the day at $390.7 billion. It continued to rise throughout the day and eventually leveled out at $442.8 billion, placing the cryptocurrency ecosystem within striking distance of surpassing the total valuation of multinational holding company Berkshire Hathaway, which is currently worth $484 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Nears $17,000 as Futures Trade Up  Regulated bitcoin futures contracts made their  much-anticipated debut  on Sunday, and  — perhaps to the surprise of many analysts  — traded up. January futures rose more than $2,000 to $17,500, while March futures traded as high as $19,330.  Source: Cboe  Perhaps buoyed by this bullish outlook, the bitcoin price rose approximately 19 percent for the day, from $14,159 on Sunday to $16,738 on Monday. At present, bitcoin has a market cap of $280.1 billion.  Bitcoin Price | Source: CoinMarketCap  While it remains unclear what trajectory bitcoin futures will take over the next month as CME launches contracts on its platform and more traders enter the market, most analysts believe that regulated bitcoin derivatives will have a  positive effect  on the cryptocurrency over the long-term.  Ethereum Price Recovers Past $460  Ethereum could not replicate bitcoin ’s exuberant movement, but it did manage to recover past $460. For the day, the ethereum price climbed four percent, bringing it to a present value of $464. Ethereum now has a market cap of $44.7 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  If bitcoin futures prove to be an attractive investment vehicle, it is likely that exchanges will launch ethereum derivatives within the near future, a scenario that would prove bullish for the ethereum price.  Altcoins Rise Against the Dollar  Buttressed by bitcoin ’s surge, nearly every top 100 altcoin rose against the value of the dollar, enabling the altcoin market cap to grow to roughly $163 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The bitcoin cash price rose seven percent, bringing its value to $1,394. The IOTA price rose two percent, enabling it to hold above ripple in the market cap rankings. Ripple, meanwhile, added five percent, although this increase was not enough to hoist its market cap above $10 billion.  Next to bitcoin, the litecoin price posted the most impressive single-day performance among top 10 coins. The litecoin price exploded by nearly 18 percent, bringing it to a present value of $161. In the past week, the litecoin price has climbed nearly 67 percent, and its market cap is rapidly approaching $9 billion.  Litecoin Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Seventh-ranked dash rose five percent to $713, while bitcoin gold ’s 16 percent recovery put a halt to its prolonged slide. Monero added 10 percent, empowering its market cap to crack the $4 billion mark, and NEM rounded out the top 10 with a 15 percent increase to $0.427.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   This New Group Wants to Jumpstart Kazakhstan’s Blockchain Sector Twitter  A collection of companies in Kazakhstan has submitted an application to be legally recognized as the state ’s Blockchain and Cryptocurrency Association. The group is hoping to get the cryptocurrency ball rolling in a country that hasn’t quite embraced the increasingly popular technology yet.  Kazakhstani Companies Eager to Embrace Blockchain  “There are no companies operating in the blockchain market in Kazakhstan, but there are more companies that see the promise of technology for themselves,” Yesset Butin, co-founder and council chairperson of the newly-created group,  told  a local media outlet.  According to Butin, the association’s primary objective is to “prescribe the rules of the game in the blockchain market” in the Central Asian country – in collaboration with state banking authorities. The group is aiming to help craft a legislative framework that would enable the region to adopt blockchain technology.  It appears as though business owners in Kazakhstan are eager to join the endeavor. Midway through November, the association applied to be registered as a legally-recognized entity. At that point, the group already had six founding member organizations. Since then, 15 more have asked to become members.  Following in Lockstep  Kazakhstan isn’t the first to make such a move. News of the association’s founding arrived on the heels of Belarus announcing a group association looming on the horizon. Meanwhile, the Russian Association of Blockchain and Cryptocurrency (RACIB) has already been up and running for a few months. The first ICO that complies with the new legal framework in Russia, BioCoin, went li ve on November 1st.  Butin says that it is essential to take similar steps as Russia to make things in Kazakhstan work – building up the necessary legal framework and infrastructure to support blockchain technology. As for the market potential, he claims that the industry is simply too young to start making estimates.  Apart from working with state financial regulators, the Blockchain and Cryptourrency Association also intends on collaborating with universities to introduce blockchain educational course offerings.  Finally, Butin added that a government-supported cryptocurrency issued by the National Bank would bolster the construction of a legal platform for exchanging digital coins. The “cryptotenge,” named after the Kazakhstani fiat currency, is already on the road to becoming a reality.  Last month , the government-backed Astana International Finance Center (AIFC) announced that it was teaming up with a Maltese firm called Exante to start developing the country’s very own digital token. The AIFC’s primary goal is to position the region as a global cryptocurrency hub.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Turning Digital Gaming Goods into Liquid Assets with Gameflip Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  It may come as a surprise to many of those who are not in the   gaming sector , but there is a huge marketplace for digital goods that are sourced and created within games. These goods are almost worth their weight in gold; except they’re not. Since they’re locked within specific games, they lose all value once a gamer stops playing.  Platforms like the Steam marketplace and Reddit forums have tried to address this challenge, but were only as successful as the unsecured and platform-specific transactions allowed. Enter   Gameflip , the thriving online   marketplace  that’s taking the buying and selling of digital goods to the blockchain.  To take this on,   Gameflip  created FLIP, its Ethereum blockchain-based crypto token for buying and selling digital goods. Through smart contract-enabled transparency and security, the platform is securing and streamlining the process of selling goods, like guns, knifes and skins, and turning them into liquid assets. As they build out their network, they’ve become the first marketplace to focus on creati ng a win-win scenario for gamers and game publishers alike. A win for both? How is that possible?  Flexibility in flipping digital goods  Despite the preconceived idea of gaming as a solo endeavor, it’s actually become a very social affair where people meet online to share an experience. But it has also evolved to a point where these same people want to have the flexibility to buy and sell their hard-earned goods.  Gaming is becoming a revenue-producing activity, and as such, is being taken quite seriously by gamers everywhere. But, as it stands, trying to flip your items in the traditional sense has many issues.  While the sale of direct-from-publisher digital goods generates healthy revenue of $94.4 billion, there’s a $1 trillion opportunity in enabling a liquid market for  gamer-earned digital goods . In a centralized network where publishers are the gatekeepers to the majority of revenue, direct-from-publisher revenue streams are optimized, while peer-to-peer marketplaces remain weak and limited.  This is the niche that Gameflip is looking to fill. By moving its trusted marketplace to the blockchain and enabling a secure peer-to-peer marketplace where gamers can liquidize their goods, gamers will be incentivized to purchase more digital goods, which will increase publisher revenue.  Publisher incentivization for greater revenue  Publishers have been traditionally overlooked in the digital goods equation. As the gatekeepers, they control where their goods can be used, and whether or not they can be transferred. As such, it has been more profitable for them to keep goods locked in a game so that gamers have to continually purchase new goods. But Gameflip is incentivizing publishers to put their goods on  the blockchain and get commission for every transaction of those goods. This winning move is making the transaction of digital goods profitable for everyone involved—and enabling uncapped revenue potential and a free-flowing marketplace.  Burgeoning technology for a burgeoning market  Like many things in the new age of blockchain, the technology is taking aim at different sectors that are in   need of disruption . From the banking sector and investments being hit hard by Bitcoin to Ripple integration in banking system and Ethereum cutting out the middleman with smart contracts, blockchain is evolving markets.  The gaming market and its digital assets are growing. However, the marketplace itself has lagged behind the demand for a more flexible infrastructure. Now,   Gameflip  is changing all that, and giving hope that the Blockchain will open up even more opportunities for gamers in  the future.  
INCREASE	   Blockchain Company Rides on Telecom Backbone to Disrupt the Remittance Industry Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Money as a vehicle for value transfer is a phenomenon that has only been outlived by time itself. Starting from its most primitive form in ages past, passing through several evolution stages until present day electronic money services, the money market, especially in aspects of remittance has continually experienced one form of disruption or the other.  Technological advancement which has necessitated the institution of cross-border payments and transactions is a fundamental need that has given rise to remittances.  Existing complexities in remittance  In its current state, the remittance industry is complex, full of intermediaries, with huge margins and complicated settlement problems. One of the most prominent vehicles for money transfer worldwide is Western Union. It is a system that enables moneys sent to be received within minutes. However, due to the several intermediaries and associated charges, the so called efficient  mode of remittance is plagued with a high cost of service delivery. For instance, it could cost up to $76 to send $900 through Western Union. This same setback confronts other similar conventional remittance services that currently exists within the financial ecosystem.  The blockchain solution  The emergence of  blockchain technology  has given rise to an array of acclaimed more effective and efficient remittance options that deliver faster, cheaper and secure means for mostly peer-to-peer money transfers.  This began with the first ever  cryptocurrency , Bitcoin as transfers were instant and almost at to cost, until it encountered the blocksize and scalability issues. Several other blockchain products have been created since Bitcoin, a good number of them like Litecoin and Dash as forks of the original Bitcoin protocol, while the Ethereum blockchain has on its own provided a platform for several other blockchains to be build  on top of it with their various specific solutions.  Despite these developments, one major obstacle that has confronted the entire industry is the limitation of spread and adoption. This is mainly due to the perceived complications, or the non-easy entry processes for newbies who may know absolutely nothing about the blockchain industry.  Access through familiar territory  Introducing a seamless system that rides on the platform of an existing and familiar technology that has become an intrinsic part of global development is an innovation that  Telcoin  brings as a major disruption to the remittance industry. Making remittance as easy as receiving an SMS through mobile technology is as easy as it gets in a market that will have the capacity of reaching over 5 Billion population of the world. This number covers about 5 times the population of bank account owners globally  – 1.2 Billion.  Telcoin  services are designed to function upon the existing backbone of national telecom systems. Therefore, the partnership between both parties would make for an effective service delivery unto an already existing marketplace. The need for special technical knowledge, trust and KYC compliance will hence become unnecessary, while reach and practical adoption is as good as already exi sts with mobile technology.  
INCREASE	   Decentralized Gaming Platform CryCash Announces Partnership with Developers of FarCry Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Decentralized gaming platforms and cryptocurrency exclusive to the gaming industry are all the rage these days. We are seeing a number of coins being launched in the market with a partnership between the big names in the gaming ecosystem including game developers, online platform developers, etc in order to showcase their strong credentials. While the competition is extremely t ough in the race for the perfect decentralized gaming platform, it is imperative that such a development takes place for the future vision of the gaming business.  We all loved  FarCry  and  FarCry 2.  Both were revolutionary games of the FPS genre that laid the future foundations of the whole gaming industry. Now a groundbreaking new decentralized gaming platform named  CryCash  has agreed a partnership with the developers of  FarCry  and  Crisis  franchises  Crytek  (no relationship between the two).   The platform will undergo a Token Generation Event (TGE) from December 12 onwards. It offers a whole ecosystem of gaming experiences with a custom-tailored set of services. Gamers can make money from their game time and developers can use the platform to attract even bigger audiences towards their platforms. The  CryCash  token is the native token of the CryCash platform which will be an advertising service to attract new players for its up and coming products. But where does  Crytek  come into the picture?  Crytek, the video game developer has agreed to let users pay with the new  CryCash  token on its online games, where applicable. Since Crytek is a widely used service, it is expected to increase demand for the new CryCash tokens.   According to the  CEO of CryCash Wachtang Budagaschwili:  “The gaming industry lacks effective tools for players to monetize their game time, collaborate and communicate. On the other side, game developers are also challenged by high customer acquisition costs and comparatively long time to market. CRYCASH solves these problems by introducing revolutionary custom-tailored products for players and developers. We’re proud to start our t oken sale having Crytek as our first partner which will allow us to immediately bring CRYCASH to millions of players”.  CryCash  is essentially divided into two parts; a mobile application for the specific purpose of communication between players and collaboration and a crypto wallet in addition to the application. This wallet will be used to store newly earned  CryCash  tokens that are earned by completing various tasks on these games online. It is also a marketplace for trading virtual items related to gaming.   In addition to these two basic programs, there are two additional services offered; one is a Cyber Sports platform where you can place bets on eSports events and an advertising board for game developers who are looking to introduce new games in the market effectively by speaking directly to the gaming community.   CryCash Token Generation Event  The token sale of the new  CryCash  token (CRC) will start from December 12, 2017 and last almost one month till January 15, 2018. Early birds will avail a 15% discount on the new tokens and the discount will decrease by 1% each day till 31st December 2017 at the New Year’s eve. The token exchange rate is set at 0.001 ETH for 1 CRC token. The hard cap is not revealed yet in a mystery move by CryCash. They aim to  unveil it once 70% tokens have been sold. All TGE participants will be given a chance to test the beta of their revolutionary gaming application called Plink. The amount raised from the TGE will be used for further development and marketing of the new platform.   Visit the CRYCASH Website to learn more:  http://crycash.io/  
INCREASE	   Israel’s Prime Minister Asks the Question: Can Bitcoin Destroy Banks? Twitter  On December 12, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu openly commented on the future of banking, seen through a  youtube video . He believes that blockchain technology will replace traditional banks as a result of bitcoin ’s growth this year.   The video is one of the first instances where a world leader has openly addressed and commented on cryptocurrencies and the bitcoin. With governments and Central Banks around the world concerned over the unstable growth of digital currencies, Netanyahu, a prominent world leader, expresses his honest opinions on the future of banking.  The Prime Minister states in Hebrew:  Is the fate of banks that they will eventually disappear? Yes. The answer is Yes. Does it need to happen tomorrow? And do we need to do it through Bitcoin? That’s a question mark.  Israel, like many other countries, is currently under a digital currency craze. There have been local media reports of daily price changes and overnight millionaires. There are reports of people queuing outside Bitcoin ATMs in Tel Aviv.  Despite this frenzy, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, an MIT graduate and previously, an economic consultant for the Boston Consulting Group, understands the value in the blockchain, the underlying technology of cryptocurrency.  Netanyahu’s view on banks and blockchain technology  When Netanyahu spoke about the role of banks, he saw that their purpose, to ensure valid and safe transactions between two parties, could be disrupted by the blockchain.  In the 70 second video, he states that a bank is more of a middleman and sees blockchain as a decentralized alternative to the current centralized banking system. ‘The truth behind what I just said is what’s propelling Bitcoin upwards.’ The blockchain can perform all the functions of a bank without the need for an inefficient central institution who takes a transaction cut ever y time.   The Crypto Industry’s Response  The Cryptocurrency Industry responds positively to Netanyahu’s comments.  The Street  demonstrates that Rami Shechter, CEO and founder of  Vanywhere , a blockchain peer to peer sharing platform ‘agrees with Netanyahu’s vision regarding the disappearance of banks in the future, possibly due to cryptocurrency. We believe that the biggest news about cryptocurrency in relation to banks is the reduction of fees. People have had enough with middlemen and third parties taking cuts of every transaction.’  Adam Perlow, founder, and CEO of  Zen Protocol  also agrees with Netanyahu. He states that ‘as the Israeli prime minister said, banks act as escrow agents which reduce counterparty risk. Bitcoin technology provides an alternative solution to counterparty risk. Bitcoin technology provides an alternative solution to counterparty risk by providing a new, more efficient sort of escrow mechanism  – smart contracts. As in any industry, in the long term, it is hard to imagine any plausible outcome where the more effective solution does not render the previous solution obsolete. ”   Netanyahu remains skeptical of Bitcoin ’s future  Although Netanyahu sees the importance of bitcoin and blockchain technology, he is doubtful of Bitcoin’s longevity into the future as:  [T]here’s nothing like this, that will continue rising at this rate. It can’t happen.’  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Charlie Lee: Japan and South Korea Regulations Good For Bitcoin Twitter  On CNBC’s Squawk Box, Litecoin creator and former Coinbase executive Charlie Lee discussed the future of bitcoin, Litecoin, and the cryptocurrency market in the long-term.  Strict Regulations Beneficial For Cryptocurrency Market  During the interview, Lee offered his viewpoint on a wide array of cryptocurrency-related topics including the short-term price trend of Litecoin, current regulatory frameworks for the cryptocurrency market in Japan and South Korea, and the usage of bitcoin and Litecoin as actual currencies.  Over the past month, as CCN reported, the South Korean government has been planning to impose strict regulations on the local cryptocurrency exchange market to better facilitate the growth of the industry and protect investors.  Yesterday, on December 14, the South Korean government directly refuted unconfirmed reports on the possibility of a cryptocurrency trading ban, solidifying its stance in regards to the South Korean cryptocurrency market and its intent to regulate the space.  Lee noted that the imposition of practical regulation by the Japanese and South Korean governments that oversee the second and third largest cryptocurrency exchange markets behind the US is optimistic for the long-term growth of cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin and Litecoin.  “I think increased regulation will help to reduce the volatility of the coin. A lot of the recent gains have had a lot to do with countries like (South) Korea and Japan really getting into the cryptocurrency space,” said Lee.  He further emphasized that South Korea has replaced China as an emerging cryptocurrency market and that South Korea has been pushing the price of leading cryptocurrencies recently.  “Ever since China banned the bitcoin exchanges, (South) Korea has really taken up the mantle. There is a lot of frenzy in (South) Korea right now and I think that ’s driving up the price. ”  In August, Bithumb, South Korea’s largest cryptocurrency exchange, overtook the country’s main stock market KOSDAQ in daily trading volume, processing nearly $3 billion in cryptocurrency trades.  Will Litecoin and Bitcoin be Used as Actual Currencies?  Currently, bitcoin, Litecoin, and most of the currencies in the cryptocurrency market are being used as stores of value and safe haven assets. Only a small portion of users are utilizing cryptocurrencies to process payments, mostly due to the scalability issues of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ethereum.  Lee explained that it may take at least five years for any of the currency in the cryptocurrency market to be used as an actual currency on a day-to-day basis. But, if the exponential growth rate of the cryptocurrency market can be sustained in the upcoming years, casual users could begin using bitcoin and Litecoin as day-to-day currencies in the mid-term.  “I think we ’re still maybe five years away before people actually start using bitcoin and litecoin in real world use as a currency,” said Lee.  On the short-term price trend of Litecoin, Lee stated that he would be satisfied if the price of Litecoin remans above $300 by the end of 2018, given its meteoric rise in value of the past few weeks.    I would be happy if litecoin stays at around $300 by the end of next year.   Featured image from Shutterstock .  
INCREASE	   Mexican Authorities Call ICOs Illegal, Cryptocurrencies Risky Twitter  Apparently spooked by bitcoin ’s recent growth and popularity,  Mexico’s  central bank and finance industry warned consumers that initial coin offerings violate the law and claimed cryptocurrencies were risky investments, according to  Reuters .     CNBV, the country’s securities regulator, joined other government authorities in stating that Mexico does not recognize cryptocurrencies as a legal form of payment. The statement further noted there have been no ICOs to originate in Mexico.  Government Wary Of Fraud  Some ICOs, depending on certain characteristics, that originate in Mexico could violate the Markets and Securities Law, thereby constituting a financial crime, the statement said. Only seasoned investors should experiment with cryptocurrencies, authorities said, adding that they should be on the lookout for signs of fraud.  Cryptocurrencies have demonstrated high volatility and are subject to extensive speculation, the statement said.  This week, bitcoin reached record highs, causing outages at trading services and creating questions about the reliability of the cryptocurrency platforms.  Heavy trading activity caused  Coinbase  to go down on Tuesday while Bitfinex had to deactivate its website due to “junk” online requests.  The government previously ruled not to make bitcoin legal tender since it is not regulated by a central bank.  Also read:  Mexico is working on legislature to regulate bitcoin firms  Lawmakers Seek Regulation  Mexico’s legislature recently proposed a bill to regulate companies that interact with bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, along with the wider financial technology sector.  According to El Economista, the legislature will not  regulate bitcoin  and cryptocurrencies themselves. The bill will focus on firms that operate within the digital currency ecosystem.  The bill does not include specific details about the bitcoin regulations, giving the central bank broad authority to regulate companies operating within this space. However, it claims that the regulations will drive innovation and competition by establishing a clear operational framework.  The bill targets money launderers and terrorist organizations that allegedly use cryptocurrency to circumvent the law. Mexico’s approach is much more conciliatory than that of China, which issued a blanket ban on ICOs and has begun to shutter bitcoin exchanges.  
INCREASE	   $4 Billion: ICO Fundraising Hits New Milestone as Regulators Curtail Hype Twitter  Initial coin offering (ICO) fundraising passed another historic milestone this week,  surpassing $4 billion just days after U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Chairman Jay Clayton issued a statement that, essentially, accused the vast majority of ICO organizers from violating federal regulations governing securities laws.  Source: Autonomous Next  According to fintech research firm  Autonomous NEXT , ICOs have now raised more than $4.2 billion in 2017, eclipsing the $265 million raised from 2014 to 2016 combined.   Unlike in previous years, the funds have been distributed to a wide variety of project types, with the most-funded industries being core technology (e.g. new blockchains) and finance.  However, although it has been a record-setting year for ICOs, data indicates that the nascent fundraising model may be entering the latter half of a hype cycle.  According to ICO tracking service CoinSchedule, the fervor reached a peak in September, when  — spurred by Filecoin’s $257 million crowdsale  — ICOs raised more than $800 million. Approximately $600 million was raised in three different months: June, July, and October, but fundraising made a precipitous decline in November.  Source: CoinSchedule  There are several possible reasons for this. The first is that, given bitcoin’s meteoric Q4 rally, many investors are hesitant to sacrifice the potential gains they can make by holding bitcoin  — especially if that means placing bets on assets that may not net them meaningful returns for months or even years.  Another potential factor is that investors are beginning to eye ICOs with more scrutiny. Not only have multiple projects turned out to be scams, but even a much-touted project like Tezos has been  beset by management infighting , causing development to lag targets and multiple investors to file  class-action lawsuits .  Finally, the SEC has begun  cracking down  on non-compliant token sales, causing organizers to take a more careful approach when launching ICOs.  Autonomous Next ’s Lex Sokolin believes that the reduction in funding is an indication that the ICO marketplace  — and its participants  — are maturing.  “It is harder than before to get funded, so on average the market is cooler towards any particular project, ”  Sokolin told  Business Insider .  “But overall, ICOs are becoming more mature, both in operating models, code and regulatory approach. ”  This maturation may mute funding during the short-term, but it will likely yield long-term fruit. Due to increased regulatory oversight, several established companies are building infrastructure to help startups launch ICOs in a compliant manner. Crowdfunding service Indiegogo recently launched an  ICO platform  that supports both utility and security tokens, and one of e-commerce pioneer Overstock ’s portfolio companies is building a  compliant token marketplace  that will allow startups to sell equity to investors.  
INCREASE	   Ripple Overtakes Bitcoin Cash to Become the Third Largest Cryptocurrency Twitter  Ripple has overtaken Bitcoin Cash to become the third largest cryptocurrency in the market with a $31 billion market cap, after recording a 47 percent increase in value within the past 24 hours.   Up 45% Within the Past 24 Hours  Over the past two days, the daily trading volume of Ripple surpassed that of all cryptocurrencies in the market apart from bitcoin. On December 15, the daily trading volume of Ripple doubled that of Ethereum.  Previously CCN reported  that the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market pushed the price of Ripple up 71 percent within a single day, triggered by the collaboration between Japanese and South Korean banks to test Ripple blockchain technology-based payment solutions.  Takashi Okita, the CEO at SBI Ripple Asia, emphasized in an official statement that in the upcoming months, Ripple Labs will continue to deploy and test its solutions and blockchain infrastructure in Japan and South Korea.  “South Korea is one of the most active markets worldwide when it comes to blockchain innovation and trading of digital assets. With trade flows into and out of the country totaling $960 billion every year, we also see a high end growing demand for Ripple’s frictionless payments solution in the country,” said Okita.  Following the announcement of Okita and the finalization of strategic partnership between South Korean and Japanese banks, the price of Ripple surged by more than 100 percent within a three-day span. Over the past 24 hours, the price of Ripple increased from $0.56 to $0.81, by more than 45 percent.   Centralization of Trading Volume in South Korea  The South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market and the vast majority of investors within it tend to be moved by FOMO, or fear of missing out. When the value of a cryptocurrency begins to surge at a rapid rate, everyone else in the market rushes to invest in it.  Any cryptocurrency with a strong base within the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market tend to surge or decline in large margins, as seen in the case of Ripple, Monero, and Bitcoin Cash. On some days, these cryptocurrencies increase by more than 50 percent in value.  At the time of reporting, South Korea’s largest cryptocurrency exchange Bithumb accounts for more than 31 percent of global Ripple trades. Other major local exchanges including Korbit and Coinone account for an additional 12 percent.  Bithumb alone has a higher trading volume of Ripple than that of Poloniex, Bittrex, Bitfinex, Binance, Bitstamp, and Bitfinex combined.  In the short-term, Ripple’s centralization of trading volume in South Korea could become an issue, as the South Korean government is planning to impose strict regulations on the local cryptocurrency exchange market in the upcoming weeks.  As CCN reporte d on December 14, the South Korean government is expected to introduce policies on restricting individual investors and non accredited traders in investing in cryptocurrencies.  “In the short-term excessive regulations on preventing underaged investors and institutional traders from investing in bitcoin could negatively affect the price trend and demand for cryptocurrencies in the South Korean market.”  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin ‘Keeping Me Awake at Night’: Bank of Canada Governor Twitter  U.S. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen may not think that cryptocurrencies  play much of a role  in the economy, but the head of the Bank of Canada said that the hype surrounding bitcoin keeps him awake at night.  Bitcoin  ‘Keeping Me Awake at Night: Canadian Banking Chief  In a year-end speech titled “ Three Things Keeping Me Awake at Night ,” Stephen Poloz, governor of Canada ’s central bank, told attendees at the Canadian Club of Toronto that three of his chief concerns heading into the new year are cyber threats, rising household debt due to the cost of housing, and the difficulties that younger Canadians face when trying to find employment.  However, before he concluded his speech, Poloz confessed that there is something else that causes him to lose sleep: “ the noise I keep hearing about cryptocurrencies, especially Bitcoin.”  In true  Festivus tradition , Poloz aired his list of grievances against bitcoin, beginning with the “misnomer” of calling it a cryptocurrency.  “To begin with basics, the term “cryptocurrency” is a misnomer—“crypto,” yes, but “currency,” no. For something to be considered a currency, it must act as a reliable store of value, and you should be able to spend it easily. These instruments possess neither of these characteristics, so they do not constitute “money,” Poloz said.  Rather, he said, cryptocurrencies are structurally more akin to high-risk securities, although purchasing them resembles gambling more than investing.  “So, what are cryptocurrencies, exactly? Characteristics vary widely but, generally speaking, they can be thought of as securities,” Poloz said. “What their true value is may be anyone’s guess—perhaps the most one can say is that buying these things means buying risk, which makes it closer to gambling than investing.”  Bank of Canada Researching Digital Currency  Finally, Poloz expressed confusion that anyone would want to move outside of the central banking system, which provides consumers with  “an absolutely vital public good. ”  “It is often forgotten that the cash provided by a central bank is the only truly risk-free means of payment, ” he said, ignoring the obvious threats of counterfeiting and, in some countries,  runaway hyperinflation .  Nevertheless, Poloz conceded that, as the world moves deeper into the digital age, the desire for  “digital cash ” will continue to increase, providing  “strong arguments ” that central banks  — including the Bank of Canada  — should research how to appropriately issue digital currency to meet this perceived need within the legacy financial system.  “All central banks are researching this,” he concluded.  
INCREASE	   ‘Mrs. Watanabe’ Driving Bitcoin Price Higher: Deutsche Bank Twitter  Mainstream financiers like BlackRock CEO Larry Fink may claim that bitcoin is an “index of money laundering,” but a new report from Deutsche Bank AG says that this year’s bitcoin price surge is not the product of criminal activity, it’s Mrs. Watanabe.  As reported by  Bloomberg , the Japanese branch of the German banking giant issued a note to clients attributing the bitcoin price’s dramatic fourth-quarter rally to ‘Mrs. Watanabe,” a term colloquially used to refer the archetypical Japanese retail investor: a housewife who manages her family’s finances with a shrewd eye.  Source: BitcoinWisdom/Bitfinex  That Mrs. Watanabe would embrace bitcoin so willingly may seem surprising given her cautious reputation, but that stereotype has not been true for some time now. Facing low domestic interest rates, many retail investors in Japan had become active forex traders over the past several decades  — accounting for approximately 50 percent of all forex margin trading.  These investors see cryptocurrency trading as a natural corollary to forex trading, albeit with the opportunity to reap much larger returns.  For instance, on bitFlyer  — the highest-volume Japanese bitcoin exchange  — traders can exercise up to 15 times leverage.  “We think that retail investors are shifting from leveraged foreign-exchange trading to leveraged cryptocurrency trading,” analysts led by Masao Muraki wrote.  Indeed, Japan has emerged as a  major economic center  for the cryptocurrency industry since the country passed bitcoin-friendly regulations earlier this year. According to some estimates, as much as 40 percent of all cryptocurrency trading is now denominated in yen  — a phenomenon that was spurred by China’s  crackdown  on mainland cryptocurrency exchanges.  However, the report warned that, due to the compounded risks of trading on margin with assets that are already quite volatile, investors could quickly turn sour on cryptocurrency if the bitcoin price enters a bear cycle.  “The risk of incurring losses greater than margin is higher than in normal foreign-exchange trading, due to high intraday volatility,” the report said.  But the bank is not just concerned about cryptocurrency traders themselves. Noting that  “speculation in cryptocurrency is growing to a scale that cannot be ignored, ” the report said that the bank intends to research potential impact on the wider markets if the so-called bitcoin bubble should burst.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
INCREASE	   At $300 Billion, Bitcoin Is Now the World ’s 15th Most Valuable Liquid Currency Twitter  Bitcoin ’s market cap crossed $300 billion on Friday ahead of the launch of futures contracts on U.S. derivatives exchange CME. As a result of this rally, bitcoin is now the world ’s 15th most valuable liquid currency, as measured by the M1 narrow money supply.  Bitcoin Price Hits New All-Time High on Bitfinex  Bitcoin achieved this  historic milestone  on Friday morning, following a rally that raised the bitcoin price to a new all-time high of $18,111 on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex. This represented a single-day increase of nearly $2,000.  Source: BitcoinWisdom  The global average bitcoin price rose somewhat higher, thanks to large premiums on Bithumb and other South Korean exchanges. At the time of writing, Korean exchanges priced bitcoin more than $1,000 higher than many exchanges that offer direct trading against the U.S. dollar.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The rally is likely connected to the impending launch of bitcoin futures on CME. Although fellow Chicago exchange CBOE listed futures this week, CME is much larger, so its products are expected to attract more attention from institutional investors.  Bitcoin Now 15th Largest Liquid Currency  At $300 billion, bitcoin is now the world ’s 15th largest currency, as measured by the M1 money supply, a classification that measures the value of physical currency in circulation, as well as liquid bank deposits.  Bitcoin is more valuable than the circulating currencies of both Hong Kong and India, and it is just a few billion dollars behind that of Saudi Arabia. However, bitcoin faces a steep climb before it can enter the top 10; the 10th spot currently belongs to Canada, whose M1 money supply totals $637 billion.  Source: Jameson Lopp/CIA World Factbook  Now, critics will point out  — correctly, to some extent  — that the M1 classification provides a very narrow view of a currency ’s total valuation, as well as the fact that, at present, bitcoin is far less liquid than other currencies of comparable size.  Nevertheless, even conceding these facts, there is one thing that the chart makes clear: cryptocurrencies are an asset class that can no longer be ignored.     
INCREASE	   Want to Short Bitcoin? It’s Going to Cost You Twitter  The largest U.S. electronic brokerage firm now allows clients to short bitcoin futures through the nascent bitcoin futures market on regulated exchange CBOE, but the margin requirements may price small-scale traders out of the market.  Interactive Brokers, which processes more daily average revenue trades than any other electronic brokerage firm in the U.S., made the announcement this week, several days after the first  bitcoin futures  launched on CBOE.  Like  many brokerage firms , Interactive Brokers did not initially allow clients to take up short positions in CBOE’s bitcoin futures market. However, the firm changed its mind after observing the large premium that the January contracts were trading at over the spot price of bitcoin.  “The introduction of short sales was necessitated by the large premium of the January futures contract over the price at which Bitcoin trades on the physical venues,” said Thomas Peterffy, founder and chairman of Interactive Brokers.  At the time of writing, January futures were trading at $18,100, while the spot price of bitcoin was $17,631, according to CBOE’s index price.  Source: CBOE  “That says to me that there aren’t enough brokers allowing shorting, ” Peterffy explained in an interview with  BuzzFeed News ,  “because if there were, there would be people that buy the cash and sell the futures. ”  Peterffy, many will remember, has been one of the most vocal critics of bitcoin futures and the exchanges that decided to list them. Last month, he took out a  full-page ad  ( PDF ) in The Wall Street Journal to warn about the risks that bitcoin futures could have on the wider financial markets.  Nevertheless, Interactive Brokers ultimately determined that since the futures products were going to be listed anyway, they would not prevent clients from trading them.   The firm said that it processed approximately 50 percent of all trading volume during the first few days that bitcoin futures were listed on CBOE, so its decision to allow clients to short bitcoin could have significant ramifications on the market.  However, the firm’s strict requirements will likely price many retail investors out of the market. All clients taking short positions will be required to maintain a margin of $40,000 per contract in their trading accounts for each short sale.  Since each CBOE contract is equivalent to 1 BTC, that margin requirement works out to more than 200 percent of the contract value.  Clients taking long positions, for reference, must maintain a margin of $9,000 per contract, a rate of approximately 50 percent.  
INCREASE	   Skychain Global: Artificial Intelligence for the Healthcare Industry Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  The Skychain Global project  promises to revolutionize the medical diagnostics market. Let’s take a closer look at the project.  Skychain will provide an open infrastructure based on blockchain principles to facilitate the development, training, and using of medical neural networks. Skychain’s goal is to enable easy transactions between these four groups of participants: providers of healthcare big data required for neural network training; developers of neural networks for medical diagnostics; doctors a nd patients interested in accurate diagnoses made by artificial intelligence systems; and crypto miners interested in making a profit from their computational resources.  The project aims at building a system that will be far superior to any competitive products since it will be based on a unique approach and have a unique architecture.  Skychain’s value for market players  The Skychain project cares about social and humanitarian values. There are 7.5 billion people in the world, and more than 6 billion of them can’t get a medical diagnosis of an early disease due to a lack of access to high-quality healthcare services. Millions of lives are lost every year for that reason. Our project aims at providing high-quality medical diagnostics for patient s by allowing their doctors and nurses to use artificial intelligence systems.  Skychain will be beneficial to doctors and patients in advanced nations. It will boost the doctors’ productivity by automatically checking their patients’ test and examination results and bringing the doctors’ attention to important details that are often overlooked due to a lack of time.  Skychain will be beneficial for insurance companies. It will provide an independent “third opinion” for the diagnoses of the patients whose treatment is covered by the insurance policy.  Skychain vs. other similar blockchain projects  A close examination of blockchain projects like SingularityNET, SONM, and Golem shows that none of them stands a chance in the medical artificial intelligence market as they don’t address its major problems.  For example, if you want to develop a medical neural network for the SingularityNET system, it will be difficult, but not because of a lack of neural network training infrastructure. SingularityNET also doesn’t provide an AI Marketplace, but that’s not the major problem, either. The major problem is that you need a huge amount of data (“big data”) to train your medical neural n etwork. The question is, where can you get healthcare big data? If you are a corporate giant like IBM, you could probably fork out some $1.5 billion for the big data to train your neural network. But most companies don’t follow that approach since it would mean a loss of their investment in data acquisition or licensing. Besides, 99.99% of all neural network developers don’t ha ve deep pockets like IBM.  Skychain offers a fundamentally new, unique approach to medical neural network development and training:        Skychain’s Data Marketplace will allow many healthcare data providers to provide their datasets as a service for neural network training.       The neural networks trained on such datasets will only be used in the Skychain system to guarantee that the data providers will get their share of the profits generated by training neural networks on their datasets;       Preparing medical datasets for neural network training will become a profitable business for healthcare data providers.  The Skychain project cares about the intellectual property of medical neural network developers and healthcare data providers. No third parties will be able to access any trained neural networks or any datasets used for their training.  Skychain will allow the best artificial intelligence specialists to quickly develop neural networks and train them on huge amounts of healthcare data that no company, organization, or nation could ever accumulate. As a result, both the spectacular number of neural networks in the Skychain system and their high quality will be beyond the reach of any private or public project.  That kind of approach and architecture will create a unique ecosystem that will allow healthcare data providers interested in making a profit from their big data to meet with artificial intelligence system developers who need a lot of data to train their neural networks. That’s why Skychain is going to capture the medical artificial intelligence market where other blockchain pr ojects we know of would fail.  Skychain vs. big corporate projects (IBM Watson)  Corporate giants are aiming at the artificial intelligence market in the healthcare industry, estimated to reach $200 billion in 5 years. But they are going to fail as their approach is very ineffective. Let’s use IBM as an example.  In short, IBM’s approach is “buy everything and capture the market.” But that kind of approach will not work in this case.  IBM understands the importance of healthcare big data for neural network training, so it has gained access to 100 million patient cards by acquiring Truven Health Analytics, a leading provider of cloud-based healthcare data and analytics, for $2.6 billion. According to some experts, it would take IBM an investment of about $137 billion in healthcare big data if it wants to allo w Watson to develop properly. But even a behemoth like IBM can’t afford that kind of outlay! So the expensiveness of data becomes the limiting factor for medical neural network training.  Skychain will overcome that limitation. Both neural network developers and healthcare data providers will benefit from joining the Skychain ecosystem. Neural network developers will get a reward each time their neural networks are accessed by  Skychain’s end users , and data providers will get a reward each time any neural network trained on their datasets is accessed by end users.  The second problem that Watson has run into is its dogmatism. Watson was taught to recognize and treat cancer only by the healthcare professionals of Memorial Sloan–Kettering Cancer Center (New York, NY), so all of its decisions regarding the diagnosis and the treatment regimen are based exclusively on the concepts and therapies adopted in that medical institution. It became a  stumbling block when IBM Watson Health tried to sign contracts with other medical institutions whose doctors hated the idea that they would have to use such a limited system of concepts!  Unlike Watson, Skychain ensures medical pluralism by hosting a lot of independent neural networks trained on a large amount of healthcare data. The important thing is that Skychain will automatically check the quality and accuracy of each neural network before offering the end user a choice of neural networks pre-selected based on their ratings for specific diagnostics.  The third problem of IBM Watson is that it already lags behind in technology. The open community of neural network developers thrives, and more and more tools and libraries for neural network development become available. But IBM so far prefers to develop proprietary neural networks in its back rooms. No wonder it lags behind the latest technological developments!  Skychain will allow neural network developers to use any tools or libraries to create artificial intelligence modules for a specific diagnostic task or training dataset format. Thanks to Skychain’s open-minded approach to different technologies, it will always be at the frontier of artificial intelligence development and leave behind any closed corporate products.  As you can see, Skychain can successfully solve the three key problems that IBM Watson has run into, and which are inherent in any closed, proprietary product for the medical AI market. Skychain can also reduce the costs of all parties by a few orders of magnitude, which will make its ecosystem even more efficient and accessible for end users.  The potential of the Skychain project  Artificial intelligence for the healthcare industry is one of the most cost-effective and useful applications of neural networks.  Skychain  can potentially save millions of lives every year.  The annual turnover in the Skychain ecosystem can reach $100 billion or more. Skychain has every chance to become a leader in the global medical AI market (like Uber did in the taxi industry).  The Skychain project team  Skychain Global was founded by Gennady Popov. He is also the founder and CEO of a successful IT business, WSS-Consulting ( http://www.wss-consulting.ru ), which employs some 80 software engineers, offers two software products of its own for the enterprise market, and has about 400 major clients. WSS-Consulting has an impeccable reputation. Since it was founded 11 years ago, all of its projects have been successful, and it never had a dispute or controversy with clients. Gennady Popov also has an extensive experience as a progr ammer and software architect in such areas as medical automation and medical neural networks.  The Skychain project team includes experienced programmers and advisors on such issues as digital medicine, neural networks, government affairs, and business development.  Conclusions  It looks like  Skychain  is based only on existing, proven technologies, has a well-thought-out architecture, and doesn’t have any technological risks. Skychain project managers have also explored all the regulatory and legal issues associated with the Skychain project and obtained a confirmation that Skychain can be legally used by any parties in its ecosystem.  The major problem of the project is to create an ecosystem, bring the necessary participants, and achieve a critical mass. If that problem is successfully solved, Skychain will start developing exponentially and is likely to become a global leader whose dominant position is beyond the reach of any closed or open product.   
INCREASE	   $530 Billion: Cryptocurrencies Become More Valuable Than Facebook Twitter  The bitcoin price rallied past $18,000 on Friday as traders rolled their altcoins profits back into the flagship cryptocurrency. Many top-tier coins, including ethereum, experienced price declines, causing them to lose part of the market share that they had fought to recoup during bitcoin ’s mid-week slump.  Source: CoinMarketCap  But although the markets were mixed, strong performances from bitcoin, ripple, and one other top-tier altcoin lifted the cryptocurrency market cap by $19 billion, raising it to a new height of $530 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Though not a milestone in and of itself, achieving the $530 billion mark was significant for another reason. Wall Street strategist Tom Lee attributes this year ’s massive bitcoin price increase to the  “ network effect , ” so it is fitting that the combined value of all cryptocurrencies has now surpassed the market cap of the most popular social network: Facebook.  Source: Google   Bitcoin Price Rallies Past $18,000  Though the majority of cryptocurrencies posted single-day declines on Friday, the bitcoin price rallied more than eight percent, enabling the dominant cryptocurrency to crack the $18,000 mark and inch closer to its all-time high. At present, the bitcoin price is trading at a global average of $18,134, which translates into a $303.6 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Ethereum Price Sees Post-Surge Stumble  That rally came, to some extent, at the expense of altcoins that had been on a mid-week surge. The  ethereum price , for instance, had leaped to a new all-time high of $752, and many investors began to believe that $1,000 was on the horizon. However, the ethereum price experienced a 10 percent correction on Friday, reducing the second-largest cryptocurrency to a present value of $653. This translates into a $63 billion market cap.  Ethereum Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Altcoins Skew Negative  The altcoin markets were mixed on Friday with a handful of cryptocurrencies posting significant increases but the majority engaging in a retreat. On the whole, the altcoin market cap dropped to $227 billion  — a single-day decline of $6 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The ripple price was one of the few altcoins to defy the prevailing trend. Bolstered by  increased interest among Asian traders , the ripple price soared to a new all-time high of $0.892, although it has since settled down to $0.758. This nevertheless represents a single-day rally of 33 percent, and, significantly, enables ripple to command the third-largest market cap.  Ripple Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  To achieve that status, ripple surpassed two coins that had made mid-week rallies: bitcoin cash and litecoin. Both of these cryptocurrencies, now ranked fourth and fifth, posted single-day declines of 12 percent. IOTA and dash, meanwhile, each saw its price fall by six percent.  Aside from ripple, cardano was the only other top 10 altcoin to yield investors a meaningful increase. The cardano price soared by 45 percent, catapulting this cryptocurrency into the eighth spot in the market cap rankings.  Cardano Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  NEM posted a minor increase of three percent, and bitcoin gold took a 12 percent hit to round out the top 10.  
INCREASE	   Sports Betting Is an Unexplored Crypto-Mine Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  There is something exhilarating and thrilling about being able to place a wager on your favorite sports team. Not only, does it allow fans to put their money where their mouths are, it also is a way of allowing them to become a part of the contest in someway. According to the  European Gaming and Betting Association (EGBA) , regulated betting made up for $58 bln in total gambling yield in 2012, this number was projected to reach $70 bln by 2016. The growth in sports gambling revenue has been driven by new breakthroughs in technologies and product platforms as stated by the EGBA. There is also a healthy relationship between sports itself and betting as the  betting body points out , “ The mutually beneficial commercial association between betting and sporting events has continued to grow with sponsorship and advertising revenues from regulated gambling companies, particularly in Europe, reported to have become a significant source of funding for sports bodies.”  The coming of the Internet has certainly changed sports and other betting but technology is ever evolving by nature and there are improvements that can be made even on existing systems. Sometimes technology can even open up possibilities that did not exist before. Crypto-betting is one such field that has laid hitherto unexplored but there are pioneers already waiting to capitalize on the opportunities in this field.  How Blockchain can change betting  Blockchain technology is touching many aspects of modern life like finance, technology, medicine and even music. Coupled with smart contracts,  Blockchain  technology can be a powerful tool in establishing trust in areas where there is inherently no trust. Trusted Blockchain technology like  Ethereum  has its use cases in the sports and other betting sector as it can be used to guarantee payments, usher in transparency, prevent lock-outs caused by frequent wins, establish identity, reduce risks like embezzlements and provide reliable account security and privacy. Due to the smart contract functionality available on Ethereum, it has become possible to automate terms of agreement between the player and the bookmaker. These conditions can also be made immutable. Escrow services can be provided by default until the conditions are fulfilled.   A new era in betting awaits  The X factor is transparency. It is going to be the driver that grows sports betting and makes people want to play the stakes online. This can be achieved by tokenization of the betting systems, which Ethereum allows. The pioneer in this segment would be able to usher in a new era where investors would have great control over their funds in the betting system and a level of confidentiality that does not exist till date. Tokenization would also help various segments of the betting industry benefit, whether they are casinos, bookmakers or game providers. A whole gamut of services can piggyback on an Ethereum based tokenized betting system as an example Betting lines and contracts, ticket and token issues, settlement and exchange services, ID/Win protection etc.   World’s first crypto-betting platform  XWIN  has devised the world’s first crypto-betting platform, based on the Ethereum Blockchain. Users would be able to place bets from anywhere in the world at their convenience around the clock. The XWIN platform is based on the XWIN token. An initial coin offering (ICO) is being held to sell the tokens starting Jan. 1, 2018. A total of 100 mln XWIN tokens would be issued, 80 percent of which are available in the open sale.   Investors in the token sale will benefit as they stand to gain 20 percent of the margins. According to a  whitepaper  released by the project, the margin ranges from six to 20 percent of the  betting  rate. Out of the total margin realized, distributions would be made in the following manner:  25%  – to the fund of guaranteed payments to the players; 35%  – PR, marketing, promotion and advertising; 20%  – administration and legal support; 20%  – income distributed among  Pre-sale a bonus opportunity for investors  The XWIN token presale is on at the moment of writing this article and has raised $1,208,941. Participating investors stand to get a 40% percent bonus during the presale period that will last until Dec. 31, 2017. Prospective investors can visit the XWIN  website  for more information on how to participate in the pre-sale.   XWIN are entering  unchartered waters  but that is where the bounty is as humans have always liked to go and create value where there wasn’t any before. It would be interesting to see how Blockchain plays out in a field that has not yet benefitted from it before.   
INCREASE	   World First Decentralised, Self-Regulating Investment Platform with Index Fund Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Gibraltar:  Ignite Ratings , a Gibraltar-based blockchain start-up, is the world’s first, truly decentralized, self-regulating platform powered entirely by crowd-sourced opinion.  Ignite plans to disrupt the way that ICOs and digital assets are reviewed and traded by adopting a truly innovative approach, combining a decentralised intelligence platform with an investment index that is powered by the ratings platform itself. Ignite’s software automatically deploys the index ’s capital by way of investment into the highest-rated assets and returns 50% of profits generated by the index back to qualified token holders.    Ratings agencies in traditional finance are incentivised by the issuers, which creates a clear conflict of interest. Additionally, traditional ratings are not based on real-time information, but are usually written and distributed after the fact; thus value for a trader or investor is limited at best. Ignite breaks away from the traditional incentive model as its users are actually deploying capital which they contributed during the Ignite ICO. Thus, token holders are incentivised to rate assets appropriately, as funds are automatically deployed by way of investment into the platform ’s most highly-rated assets.   The Ignite platform works much like any other rating or review platform, such as TripAdvisor or Yelp, whereby Ignite token holders are the ones providing opinions on blockchain-based assets. Ignite refers to their users as the HIVE, appropriate as all users work together, combining their unique skills, opinions and investment methodologies to generate a collective ratings score.   One might ask, how a process as complicated as ratings can be handled by a group of anonymous token holders?  The proprietary Ignite  “Reputation Engine ” handles member interactions with the platform, which themselves are subject to review and rating by the community  – members with low reputation scores have less impact on the ratings process, while highly-reputable members have more influence. In this way, the community is self-moderating and the platform resistant to collusion from those who would seek to  “game ” the system. Ignite records all interactions with its platform on the blockchain, ensuring that all users ’ activity is fully transparent and all assets and trades have an audit trail stored on the blockchain.  Ignite ’s co-founder, Christopher Cousins, says “If a user is capable of making an investment then they ought to be able to explain the reasons why they feel it will be a successful investment. I imagine we will have very interesting viewpoints from a wide demographic, with a variety of backgrounds and skill sets”.   As all community members share the common goal of profit, interests are fully aligned across the community to ensure that individuals rate well and rate honestly. The end result is a decentralised ratings agency which, according to swarm theory, should provide superior returns, while providing real time ratings information to the industry.  Ignite has already received significant seed funding, raising over 4000 ETH from several high profile investors and are partnered with  Overstock’s   T-Zero  and  SpeedRoute  to provide cutting edge trading technology.    Ignite’s members are also encouraged to revisit and maintain the adequacy of their ratings as assets can be liquidated, or purchased instantly should the HIVE make a collective  “decision ”. The Ignite Index will only invest a maximum of 1% of its current net asset value into any one asset, which makes the token itself an incredible diversification tool in its own right, as it provides token holders with exposure to the highest-rated ICOs.   Token Sale Details  Pre Sale – 15th of December – 22nd of December  ICO – 15th of January – 28th of Feburary  To participate in the ICO or to learn more about the Ignite Ratings platform, you can visit the official website  –  https://igniteratings.com/  and in the Telegram chat  –  https://t.me/igniteratingsICO  You can also view the Ignite Ratings whitepaper here  –  https://igniteratings.com/white-paper/  
INCREASE	   Zen, Finance and the Blockchain: What Traders Need to Know Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  One new blockchain company,  Zen Protocol , is tackling these points head-on. By concentrating on one idea: building a blockchain for finance.  Zen Protocol is a platform built for finance . We designed Zen to solve a real problem: trading assets without relying on third parties.  Our team is based in Tel Aviv, with backgrounds in maths, finance, design and marketing. Some of us have been involved in the Bitcoin space since 2011, and we’ve been creating tools to make Bitcoin better since 2013. the team aim to create a secure, flexible network that gives users control of their own assets, with no bank or trusted intermediary necessary.  In 2016, we began work on Zen Protocol. When Ethereum’s “theDAO” contract was hacked, it became clear to us that a platform designed for financial uses, like creating assets and granting rights, could provide much more security than was available at the time. Since then, we have been working on a new architecture that makes finance on the blockchain safe, fast, and useful.  Zen Protocol uses an all-new codebase, with built-in tools that stop bugs from ever making it into the smart contracts you use on the platform. Zen will let you create and trade any sort of financial asset, with a  modern system for using real-world data , and with links to the Bitcoin network. All of this is running right now in our  testnet.  The smart contract language has the same Zen-like focus on finance. It makes the bugs and vulnerabilities of existing blockchains much easier to protect against, integrating a mechanism for creating “formal proofs” – pieces of code that guarantee how contracts behave. Users who don’t know anything about programming or smart contracts can look at an asset and see what it does: f rom vanilla options to interest rate swaps, just about any sort of financial product can be created and proven in this way, displaying guarantees about collateral, price, and any other characteristic.  Zen Protocol’s native token doesn’t just give voting rights – it also lets users activate their smart contracts, putting them “on to the blockchain”. The team think that this is a natural step for a blockchain aiming at storing valuable assets, tying together an important use of the protocol and the one asset that gets “mined” using real work.  Our  crowdsale  began on the 30th of November: over two thirds of tokens have already been sold.  Here are a few key points about Zen:  Safe.  The Zen Protocol uses a custom language, ZF
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Mining Marketplace NiceHash Back Online, Promises Users Money Back Twitter  Earlier this month, as CCN reported, Slovenia-based bitcoin mining marketplace  NiceHash was successfully breached , resulting in the loss of about 4,700 Bitcoin, at the time worth $62 million. Its users noticed that the marketplace’s website had gone offline for an abnormally large period of time, before the company finally revealed it had been compromised.  At the time, through a  Facebook livestream,  the company’s CEO Marko Kobal, along with co-founder Sasa Coh, addressed user concerns. They said that due to the company’s success, it “became a target,” adding that someone “really wanted to bring us down.” During the livestream, some users claimed to believe it was all an inside job, partly because the company’s representatives declined to comment whether they would restore  user wallets or not.  In a  letter sent to its users , the question has now been answered: wallets will be restored. The letter, signed by the company’s CMO Andrej Skraba, reveals that a group of international investors helped the company reserve enough funds to restore user balances. It reads:  “We are happy to announce we have been able to reserve the funds required to restore balances from a group of international investors. Old balances will therefore be restored by January 31, 2018. We need this interim period to ensure all legal paperwork is processed correctly, so please be patient while we do this.”  NiceHash didn’t clarify whether its users would be paid back in fiat or in Bitcoin, although some Reddit users claim their BTC balances are back on their dashboard, even though they aren’t yet accessible.  Tightening up security  The company’s comeback was also announced via Twitter, and included a few tips for its users, so as to guarantee security would be tightened up. In its tweet, the mining marketplace advised users to change their passwords, set up a new two-factor authentication method, and avoid old deposit addresses.   NICEHASH IS BACK 👉 https://t.co/GPTBTgO46S  💪 Please make sure to: – Set a new password – Set a new 2FA – Do not use your old deposit address – Generate a new NiceHash wallet address – If you used NiceHash wallet address in NiceHash miner, you need to update it  pic.twitter.com/cwpyXQFv2r  — NiceHash (@NiceHashMining)  December 20, 2017   At the time of the hack, it wasn’t clear whether the attackers managed to get user data along with their bitcoins, so users were advised to change all of their online passwords – just to make sure.  Since it got back online, NiceHash has been regularly updating users via social media, and already revealed it successfully completed its first payout after the breach. It noted, however, that “due to extra security measures,” changes were made to its payment and withdrawal system.  Notably, given the Bitcoin network’s high transaction fees, NiceHash is working on  implementing altcoins payments  as part of the changes. At press time, the suggested  bitcoin transaction fee  is of 960 satoshis/byte, equaling 216,960 satoshi if we consider the median transaction size to be of 226 bytes. Given that Bitcoin is currently trading at $12,800, this means the suggested transaction fee is of about $26.  At the end of his letter, NiceHash’s CMO stated:  “We are truly sorry for any inconvenience that the hack may have caused. We hope you will want to continue to invest your money and your faith in the world ’s largest crypto-mining marketplace.“  Excerpt: NiceHash is back, and promised to reimburse users for their losses by January 31.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘Insider Trading Is a Non-Crime’: Roger Ver Bites Back as GDAX Re-Opens Bitcoin Cash Trading Twitter  Outspoken bitcoin cash proponent Roger Ver downplayed accusations that Coinbase employees had engaged in insider trading prior to the public revelation that the company was adding full support for bitcoin cash.  ‘Insider Trading Is a Non-Crime ’: Roger Ver  Speaking with  CNBC  on Wednesday, the early cryptocurrency investor and entrepreneur  — once known as “Bitcoin Jesus”  — said that the answer to the allegations of insider trading is not asking the government to further regulate cryptocurrency exchanges.  “I think insider trading is a non-crime,” Ver said during the interview. “Let’s say a bunch of people had traded in advance, then the price wouldn’t have been so volatile, and the price would already much more closely reflect the price after the news became public.”  As CCN  reported , the bitcoin cash price rose considerably in advance of the announcement, leading many people to question whether Coinbase employees had, in violation of company policies, traded bitcoin cash before the news was public knowledge. There are also rumors  — thus far unconfirmed by CCN  — that the information had been leaked to at least one cryptocurrency trading group.  Once Coinbase did open bitcoin cash markets, the coin’s price was incredibly volatile, spiking to $9,500 and leading the company to suspend trading just minutes later. The exchange did not re-open the markets until Wednesday.  Coinbase said that it is investigating the allegations of insider trading and will terminate any employee who engaged in the practice, but the company nevertheless incurred significant criticism for the way it handled the rollout.  However, Ver said that the onus is on consumers to look out for themselves, rather relying on the government to protect them from external threats.  “At the end of the day, buyers need to beware of whatever service they’re using, whether it’s a Bitcoin exchange or a coffee shop…be careful, take a look at what you’re doing, and don’t depend on the government to keep you safe from everything out there in the world,” he said.  Bitcoin Core  ‘One of the Worst Development Teams ’ in Cryptocurrency  Unsurprisingly, Ver also took time in the interview to criticize the approach that Bitcoin developers have taken as they attempt to scale the network to accommodate larger numbers of users and transactions.  “That ’s absolutely not true, ” Ver protested when a host referred to Bitcoin Core developers as some of the best in the world.  “They ’ve turned [Bitcoin] into an incredibly congested network that ’s been running at 100 percent capacity for months and provides a horrible user experience.  “So by those standards, I think they ’re probably one of the worst development teams in the entire crypto coin ecosystem, ” he concluded.  This, he concluded,  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  
INCREASE	   Germany Joins European Drive For Global Regulation Of Bitcoin Twitter  Germany has joined the European push to regulate bitcoin out of concern it is being used by money-launderers, drug traffickers and terrorists.  Germany’s Finance Ministry welcomed French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire’s proposal to ask the Group of 20 to consider joint bitcoin regulation,  Bloomberg  reports. The Italian government shares these concerns and is open to regulation, while the European Union supports bitcoin rules that the U.K. wants.  Germany Cites Speculative Risks  The German Finance Ministry said it makes sense to consider virtual currencies’ speculative risks and their effects on the international financial system.  The ministry said the next meeting of G-20 finance ministers and central bank governors would be an opportune time o discuss the issue.  Bitcoin Futures Raise Concern  Concern has increased in Europe as a result of the  bitcoin futures  trading launched Sunday by the  CME Group , which came one week after the Cboe Global Markets introduced similar derivatives.  Germany is Europe’s biggest economy, and the finance ministry monitors financial market developments closely, the ministry said, including the current developments. In a weekend interview on France’s LCI TV, Le Maire made the worries public that have been voiced previously as bitcoin has moved further into mainstream finance.  He said he does not like bitcoin because it can hide terrorism and money laundering. He also is concerned about it being a speculative risk for people who are trying to save money. Pier Carlo Padoan, Italy’s finance minister, said he would discuss Le Maire’s proposal, according to a government official who did not want to be identified publicly.  Lawmakers To Strengthen Anti-Money Laundering Rules  EU  lawmakers and representatives on Friday agreed on the need to revise the bloc’s anti-money laundering rules, expanding the framework to include firms overseeing and transferring virtual currencies, according to the European Commission. The companies will have to identify their customers and report suspicious activity.  Stephen Barclay, the economic secretary to the British Treasury, told lawmakers in November new rules would subject virtual currency exchange platforms and wallet providers to anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing regulation. The U.K. government said digital currencies can facilitate cybercrime. The Treasury further noted there is little evidence digital currenc ies are used to launder money, but such activity is expected to increase. Hence, the proposed regulations would be helpful.  A lso read:  Bitcoin has our heightened attention: EU financial regulation chief  Economic Experts Distrust Bitcoin  Joseph Stiglitz, a Nobel economics laureate, last month said bitcoin should be outlawed and that it serves no socially useful function. Robert Shiller, also an economics laureate, said bitcoin’s attraction is a narrative akin to a mystery movie that attracts people who want to outsmart the system.  Germany’s financial supervisor last month warned about cryptocurrencies’ risks for consumers. The supervisor said regulation at the national level is not enough due to digital currencies’ global reach.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Nokia Pilot Uses Blockchain to Improve Health Data Benefits Twitter  While technology has improved access to  health  data, the data is often not leveraged to its full potential due to privacy concerns and concerns about data authenticity.  Nokia  has partnered with OP Financial Group, a  Finland -based financial services group, to use blockchain technology to establish more trust in managing health data. The purpose of the pilot project, which involves 100 people, is to provide individuals more control over their personal health data, according to a  Nokia blog .  Blockchain Benefits  Blockchain technology can give people control over who they share their health data with.  The blockchain ledger is maintained by parties that can have competing interests, which differs from centralized services such as Google, Facebook and Dropbox.  Under the pilot project, any data a user wishes to share is encrypted and can only be accessed by its intended participants. The owner of the data uses the Nokia Steel HR to share their data and provide proof of the data’s authenticity.  Users share their data from wearable Nokia devices and are rewarded for doing so. Participants’ daily activities are shared through the app, creating a private record on the blockchain. OP automatically rewards users with points based on what steps they have taken with respect to their fitness goals.  Also read:  This blockchain platform aims to end healthcare data breaches  New Possibilities  The pilot project will shed light on possibilities for incentive models like smart health insurance and in supporting programs that promote healthy lifestyles.  The project organizers believe it will only be possible to provide trustworthy advice on health issues and extract useful insights by establishing users’ trust. Nokia’s blockchain platform has been designed to address these issues.  Nokia believes its collaboration with OP marks a step in creating a global digital health ecosystem that will benefit both individuals and society.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Recovers Within 24 Hours From $11,500 to $15,000, Optimstic Factors Twitter  It took less than 24 hours for the bitcoin price to recover from a 30 percent drop. Earlier today, on December 23, the price of bitcoin recovered from $11,500 to $15,000, as the cryptocurrency market began to demonstrate optimistic signs of growth.   Factors of Potential Short-Term Rally  Since yesterday, the market valuation of cryptocurrencies has increased from $480 billion to nearly $600 billion. Every single cryptocurrency in the market, which previously recorded major corrections, rallied, with bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies in the market recording large gains.  Bitcoin in particular demonstrated a rapid increase in demand from global marekts including the US, Japan, and South Korea, as the daily trading volume of the cryptocurrency achieved $15 billion. That is, a daily trading volume that is larger than that of most stock markets.  Analysts such as billionaire hedge fund legend Mike Novogratz and RT’s financial analyst Max Keiser stated that with the recently acquired momentum, the bitcoin price could rally to $24,000 in the short-term.  “Bitcoin pullback very healthy for this bull market. $28,000 now in play,” said Keiser, as the cryptocurrency market rebounded and showed speedy recovery after a substantial decline in market valuation.  In the short-term, there are several driving factors that could lead to a bitcoin price surge. This week, it was reported that the Chicago Board Options Exchange (Cboe), the largest futures exchange in the global finance market which listed bitcoin futures in partnership with Gemini, and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) have filed bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) applications to the US Secruties and Exchange Commission (SEC).  The main difference between futures and ETFs is that the latter is more accessible to individual investors and traders in the stock market. With a bitcoin ETF, any investor in a major stock market such as NYSE or the Nasdaq can trade bitcoin with ease, through existing accounts.  A Cboe spokesperson  stated:  “Given the success of the launch of our bitcoin futures, several partners are very interested in moving forward with the development of an exchange-traded product.”  Last week, NYSE revealed the filing of its ProShares bitcoin ETF, announcing that investors in the ETF will benefit from long Bitcoin futures contracts.  “By being long Bitcoin Futures Contracts, the Fund seeks to benefit from daily increases in the price of the Bitcoin Futures Contracts. The Fund will not be benchmarked to the current price of bitcoin and will not invest directly in bitcoin. When the price of Bitcoin Futures Contracts held by the Fund declines, the Fund will lose value,”  the SEC filing  of the NYSE bitcoin ETF read.  More Institutional Money, More Liquidity  By quarter 1 of 2018, Nasdaq will list bitcoin futures into its exchange and the bitcoin ETFs of Cboe and NYSE will likely be approved by the US SEC, given the government ’s enthusiastic approach with the bitcoin futures market.  In the mid-term, the entrance of more institutional money into the market will enable bitcoin to further solidify itself as an emerging asset class.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Rebounds Within 24 Hours, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin Rally Twitter  Within merely 24 hours after experiencing a major correction during which every single cryptocurrency in the market plunged in value, the cryptocurrency market has completely recovered.   Speedy Recovery  The market valuation of cryptocurrencies surged from $480 billion to nearly $600 billion, to the point before the correction on December 21.  Today, on December 23, all cryptocurrencies in the market from bitcoin to the top 100 cryptocurrency have surged in value. Specifically, Bitcoin Cash recorded the largest gain in the top 20 cryptocurrencies with a 52 percent overnight price increase.  Others including bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Cardano, and Dash have all increased by more than 20 percent.  On December 22, prior to the recovery, several analysts including Alan Silbert and Robert Reid noted that throughout 2017, the price and market valuation of bitcoin have fallen by more than 30 percent on six occasion. After each correction, bitcoin recorded a significant gain in value.   Bitcoin has  “crashed ” 30% SIX TIMES in 2017. Each  “crash ” has been followed by an increase of: 76%, 237%, 183%, 165%, 152%. Bitcoin takes 7 steps forward, 2 steps back, 7 steps forward, 2 steps back. Every 2 steps back is heralded as the end of  #bitcoin . Relax!  pic.twitter.com/bV5ZFeucTp  — Robert Reid (@robertreidmd)  December 22, 2017  Cryptocurrencies with the biggest daily gains in the top 20 rankings are Verge, Bitcoin Cash, Monero, with 176 percent, 52 percent, and 41 percent increase in value respectively.   Max Keiser, a highly regarded financial analyst and bitcoin expert, also noted that with the current momentum, bitcoin will initiate a new rally and surpass through $20,000 with ease in the short-term.   Sharing the chart below, which has been an accurate demonstration of the bitcoin price and the value of almost every cryptocurrency in the market to date, Keiser stated, “this is still true. This chart pattern will take us to $100,000 #bitcoin. Fiat currency is a barbarous relic,” expressing his optimism in regards to both the short-term and long-term price trend of bitcoin.   Where Does Cryptocurrency Market Go From Here  For many months, analysts have expected the price of bitcoin and the valuation of the cryptocurrency market to surge during the holiday season, around Christmas and new years. With Christmas Eve approaching, analysts believe that the price of cryptocurrencies will increase rapidly as new relatives, friends, and family members become introduced to bitcoin and a new asset class in cryptocurrencies.  Already, with less than 24 hours left to Christmas Eve, the cryptocurrency market has demonstrated a speedy recovery and a rapid surge in valuation. From December 25 to January 1, analysts see the valuation of cryptocurrencies rising further.  In several leading markets such as Japan and South Korea, investors have already started to invest in cryptocurrencies with high premiums. On Bithumb, South Korea’s leading cryptocurrency exchange, bitcoin price is at $17,600 and the price of Bitcoin Cash is nearing $4,000.  In the upcoming days, the cryptocurrency market will likely demonstrate optimistic signs of growth and recovery, as the demand for bitcoin and other leading cryptocurrencies continue to surge rapidly.  Fundstrat’s Tom Lee  stated:  “We are buyers of bitcoin on this pullback. The intrinsic/fundamental value of bitcoin has risen in the past month given the surge of new wallets and hence, explains the rise in our short-term target price. ”  
INCREASE	   Belgium Central Bank Governor: Bitcoin is Not a Threat Because Its Not “Stable” Twitter  Earlier this week, the National Bank of Belgium governor Jan Smets said  in an interview  that bitcoin is not a threat to central banks because it is not stable.  “It’s not stable like the euro,”  said Smets , adding “creating blockchain-based digital cash could diminish our limitation to drop interest rates below zero.”  Flawed Argument  Smets further emphasized that bitcoin cannot be utilized and trusted as a currency because of its lack of a central entity and authorities overseeing the network. He also noted that most investors in the bitcoin and cryptocurrency markets are speculating on the price trend of cryptocurrencies and as such, while the risk of investing in bitcoin is low at the moment, it could inc rease rapidly in the short-term.  A loosely translated transcript of interview between Smets and Belgian news publication VRT read:  “Let’s stop calling bitcoin a currency. Unlike the euro, bitcoin is not guaranteed by a central bank or government asa  means of payment so bitcoin is not a currency. Even if there are small risks for investing in bitcoin at the moment, there are potential consequences for financial stability.  According to Smets, bitcoin is not stable like the euro because of the lack of a central entity and a central bank. He emphasized that it is difficult to trust bitcoin as a currency as a result.  However, bitcoin is designed specifically to operate as a trustless financial system and network. The entire purpose of bitcoin and its greatest advantage over other stores of value and currencies is that within the bitcoin network, users can send and receive payments in a decentralized and peer-to-peer (P2P), eliminating the necessity of trust-based relationships, intermediari es, and third party service providers.  Fiat currencies or government-issued currencies are also less stable than cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and other safe haven assets like gold because of their inflationary nature. A fiat currency like the euro is manipulated by its central bank, which governs the circulation and supply of the currency.  Several Central Banks Understand Bitcoin  Earlier this year, the Bank of Finland released a research paper entitled “Monopoly without a monopolist: An Economic analysis of the bitcoin payment system,” with the sole intent of describing bitcoin’s trustless and decentralized system.  “Bitcoin is a monopoly run by a protocol, not by a managing organization. Familiar monopolies are run by managing organizations with discretion to determine and then change prices, offerings and rules. Monopolies are often regulated to prevent or at least mitigate their abuse of power,”  read  the paper of the Bank of Finland.  The central bank of Finland encouraged economists to study the structure of bitcoin, as it has introduced the first working decentralized financial and payment system in the history of the global finance market. Bank of Finland researchers added:  “Bitcoin’s design as an economic system is revolutionary and therefore would merit an economist’s attention and scrutiny even if it had not been functional. Its apparent functionality and usefulness should further encourage economists to study this marvelous structure.”  Bitcoin is a threat to central banks and the authorities because it is the first store of value and currency system that is capable of separating money and state. It removes arguably the most powerful tool of governments that is their monopoly over the global monetary system  Featured image from Shutterstock ..  
INCREASE	   The A-SDR International Digital Currency Fund  – The Missing Piece of the Global Cryptocurrency Jigsaw Puzzle Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  2017 was indeed the  “best of times ” for early Bitcoin speculators and the  “worst of times ” for outdated institutions struggling to make sense of the twin, unstoppable, themes of Decentralization and Open-Source (Digital) Currencies. That this paradox arrives on our doorstep just in time for Xmas is something even Dickens himself would appreciate.  You would expect that, since the world economy has had eight full years to digest the implications of Bitcoin and Blockchain, we would by now be reaching a point of stability and mutual co-operation? You would be wrong.  Even as you read this, there remain as many headlines heralding the imminent demise of decentralized crypto-currencies, as there are suggesting the trend is merely getting started.  Perhaps the most significant quote of all came from Blockchain CEO Peter Smith, who, in a December 18th interview, told CNBC,  “I think this year will be the first year we start to see Central Banks start to hold digital currencies as part of their balance sheet. ” Smith closed the interview with the astonishing comment that Central Banks should start to issue their own  “digital assets ” in 2018.  To make sense of all this, we need to stop, take a breath, and assess where we currently are, and then consider what types of solutions are needed to move forward? Where are we?  For starters, 2017 witnessed what may qualify as the fastest acceptance in history of a brand new technology  — the Blockchain, or the use of an open-source, distributed, ledger to record and manage transactions more efficiently and more trustfully than current  “middleman ” institutions and entities.   2017 also engendered financial chaos as the price of Bitcoin  — the first and best-known Blockchain-based cryptocurrency  — took a moonshot. A result, perhaps, not only due to the groundswell of interest from investors, but also because the large banking institutions were caught completely off-guard by the phenomenon, and had no machinery in place to control the price movements of the new coin. As they do for example, with ordinary stocks, bonds, fiat currencies, and, of course, precious metals.  These factors in turn sparked other so-called  “alt-coins, ” also based on the same underlying Blockchain tech. It is estimated that some 1600 have been released so far, and possibly another 1000 are due to be released in the next few months. The end result is that the public is understandably clamoring for an interchange mechanism between traditional currencies and the new digital counterparts.  The solution? The new A-SDR or  “digital currency basket ” which will operate under the purview of a decentralized global management body, the “International Digital Assets Exchange Council,” or IDAXC. IDAXC will supervise and facilitate the exchange of digital tokens based on a mix of three key, well-known, coins or tokens: Bitcoin, Ether, and ACCoin. Of the mix, Bitcoin and Ether are perhaps the better-known. ACCoin, however, start ed its own internal development over a decade ago, (even before Bitcoin was officially launched!), and was based on a very particular vision from its programmers. A vision which not only foresaw the coming of digital tokens, but went even further and envisioned that those same digital tokens could, in fact, hold rights to underlying assets (both tangible, like land, and intangi ble, like financial paper); and so effectively be  “backed ” by something quantifiable and of substance. This is a very important distinction because even today Bitcoin, notwithstanding its lofty valuation, is backed by nothing.  Where cryptocurrencies need to first seek acceptance or recognition from local governments, “cryptomoney” need only be backed by something in order to become a self-contained medium of exchange. Therefore, digital coins, anchored to assets of determinable value, herald the era of Blockchain 3.0: self-contained, value-determinate, decentralized, “cryptomoney.”  The visionaries behind ACCoin understood, from the beginning, that to achieve their goal they would need more than a simple coin or token, they would need an entire Eco-System. This would not only capture and monitor the underlying asset, but also allow future movement of that asset (into and out of the digital universe); and even to anticipate the re-conversion of the coin bac k to the original asset at the behest of the holder. They also foresaw the problem of moving digital tokens to and from the banking (fiat currency) universe, and planned ahead for that too. The answer is the A-SDR.  The A-SDR is an international digital currency fund sponsored by ACChain. It is a currency basket composed of BTC, ETH, and ACC. These three digital currencies together form the mainstream chain.  Via  “anchoring ” ACC, BTC and ETH, the A-SDR Fund aims to become the premier global mechanism for digital asset distribution and settlement, enabling full-spectrum application and distribution within the global digital assets Eco-System.  ACCoin, as the international supernode currency generated within the ACChain, in turn anchors all digital assets, also enabling exchange with the local currencies of each regional node worldwide. This makes ACCoin the first standard digital currency with the capability of global digital asset Exchange  & Settlement, which additionally permits the creation and function of the  “Exchange Rate Index ” inside the A-SDR Digital currency basket.   The Significance of A-SDR Fund     It permits a unified value (measurement) system of digital assets covering the gamut of the digital universe.        ACC anchors Bitcoin (BTC) + Ethereum (ETH), making them  “digital gold reserves, ” building a new digital asset Exchange  & Settlement system worldwide.         More high-quality digital assets may potentially become the beneficiaries of the A-SDR digital currency basket, realizing their full potential in a decentralized digital asset measurement system, ultimately building a digital kingdom of global proportions.       The Functions of A-SDR Fund     A-SDR Fund is able to settle with local currencies via the regional super node.      The A-SDR digital currency forms a relationship of Exchange  & Settlement with the local currency via the regional supernode, establishing an exchange relationship between all digital assets through the entire exchange settlement system.     A-SDR Fund is able to settle with the bank ’s digital currency.      It establishes a defined-value Exchange  & Settlement standard linked to traditional financial digital tokens, to become a  “true bridge ” to traditional financial systems.  Applications of A-SDR:     “Digital assets ” application. A-SDR can quickly establish defined settlement relationships among potentially millions of digital assets, so as to realize the full spectrum potential of Blockchain assets and transactions.        Digital currency settlement network. Over 100 banks worldwide have launched a digital asset Exchange  & Settlement system, constituting the beginnings of a digital asset Exchange  & Settlement network that will be global in scope.     A-SDR Fund Issue Plan     ACC release profile: Fund Name: International Digital Currency Fund A-SDR      Fund size: 100 million ACC  Fund sales target: 2000 BTC + 300,000 ETH  Fund Issuer: RSM Canada  Fund Use: To build a digital currency settlement system, invest in digital asset banks, and a digital assets trading system.  Fund Return: The digital currency A-SDR fund does not have a redemption mechanism, which is a form of exchange of rights and interests. Investors gain future investment income through the core investment in ACCoin.  Fund issue period:  November 28, 2017 to December 24, 2017  Fund Closing Period:  December 24, 2017 to January 22, 2018  Qualified Investors: Organizations in the field of digital asset Exchange  & Settlement, Blockchain industry participants, R  & D personnel of Blockchain projects, as well as investment members of digital assets trading platforms.   Exchange rate: 1BTC = 14000ACC; 1ETH = 420ACC  Investment Value: Participation via ACCoin in global digital assets trading and circulation. ACC, which is based on the ACChain, is convertible to global digital assets. Therefore, ACCoin will participate in the transactions generated.     A-SDR Digital Currency Basket and Legal Tender Exchange  & Settlement     In collaboration with the designated digital asset banks, ACChain forms the Global Digital Asset Settlement System. Digital asset banks in this system participate in the global digital currency Exchange  & Settlement system (i.e., exchange with the digital counterparts of existing fiat systems) as indicated below:  Reference price:  1ACC = 1USDT (Dollar token)  1ACC = 0.85EUR Token (Euro tokens)  1ACC = 112.2JPY Token (Japanese tokens)  1ACC = 0.75GBP Token (Pound tokens)  1ACC = 6.63RMB Token (RMB tokens)  To learn more or participate in the ICO, visit the Website:  http://www.acchain.org/en/activity.html  Follow on Twitter:  https://twitter.com/ACCHAIN  Like on Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/ACChainGlobal/  Read the Whitepaper:  https://www.acchain.org/whitePaper/Acchain_whitepaper_En.pdf  Bitcointalk:  https://bitcointalk.org  Media Contact  Contact Name: Serena Lin  Contact Email:  [email  protected]  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Crash Could Drag down Stock Prices: Wells Fargo Executive Twitter  While speaking on  CNBC’s “Trading Nation,”  Wells Fargo Securities head of equity strategy Christopher Harvey stated that he’s paying close attention to what’s going on in the cryptocurrency markets, which many believe to be one of the “most epic bubbles of all time.” Per Harvey, a crash on Bitcoin’s end could drag down stock prices.  On Christmas Eve, December 24, we saw the  price of leading cryptocurrencies fall by large margins , with a few exceptions among the top 100. The cryptocurrency market has been recovering since, to  roughly $14,000 on Christmas , to $15,140 at press time, according to  CCN’s price index .  This year the cryptocurrency’s price hit an all-time high of nearly $20,000, and its volatility and the possibility of a bubble seemingly worry Harvey, as according to him “there is a significant amount of froth in the crypto markets. We do think that if that froth comes out, it will start to spillover. ”  Per the executive, the froth could bring down the stock market as well, he added:  “What we ’re worried about is froth coming out of that market, and that ’s starting to affect equities. You ’re seeing it a little bit, but just not to a large degree. And, it ’s something to watch out for in 2018. ”  Harvey sees the S &P 500 Index reach 2863 by the end of 2018, far below the 20 percent gains Wall Street has seen this year. His position comes from “a lot of good news already priced in,” and not seeing it go a lot further from this point. He predicts the market will face new challenges in the second half of 2018, whether the cryptocurrency market crashes or not.  Per Harvey:  “What the market will have to contend with is EPS [earnings per share] peaking, ISM potentially peaking, you ’re going to have the yield-curve in all likelihood flattening — and in addition to that, you ’ll likely have multiples start to compress. You ’re going to have to scratch and claw to stay afloat for it to break even. ”  As recently covered by CCN, the hype around bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies is turning many consumers – particularly the younger ones – into investors chasing the market’s returns. This would, in turn, lead to the assumption that bitcoin is decreasing the stock market’s inflows. However, legendary investor Laszlo Birinyi says he’s observing the opposite: the c ryptocurrency hype is luring new investors into stocks .  According to the legendary investor, the entire market is reaping benefits from the cryptocurrency craze. He stated:  “Bitcoin is a catalyst for a lot of interest. It’s everybody. It’s also giving the guy on the trading desk, sitting at a hedge fund, a shot in the arm.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Nonfactual FUD: China Cannot Control Bitcoin Network by Seizing Miners Twitter  Recently, Stuff.co.nz, a popular New Zealand-based news publication, claimed that the Chinese government could gain control over the Bitcoin network and sabotage it by seizing miners and mining equipment based in China.   The author of the report quoted by Stuff, Vladyslav Makarov, wrote:  “It is obvious what this country can do to the network. [It] is over-exposed to China and the government can sabotage it.”  One Major Flaw  The report published by Stuff further claimed that more than 77 percent of bitcoin’s hash power or computing power is based in China, which the Chinese government can shut down at any given time.  “Some 77.7 percent of the ‘hashpower’  – the computing strength behind Bitcoin  – is now based in China, according to the report, leaving the network vulnerable. The majority of the specialised hardware used to mine Bitcoin is also made in China.”  The report of Stuff and Makarov completely dismisses and ignores the concept of bitcoin pool mining, in which individuals or businesses with mining equipment across the globe can contribute to mining bitcoin by allocating computing power to a pool.  The “77 percent” hash power from Chinese bitcoin mining pools are not actually based in China. That number is the cumulative hash power contributed by many individual miners globally. A miner from the US and even Venezuela can contribute computing power to Chinese mining pools. Hence, like the false and misrepresented bitcoin trading volume of China that was supposed to be 90 p ercent of that of the global market, it is highly inaccurate to claim that 77 percent of hash power is based in China.  According to Blockchain, the second most popular bitcoin wallet and market data provider, the 77 percent of hash rate coming from China are from mining pools. Antpool, BTC.com, BTC.TOP, ViaBTC, and F2Pool all operate international mining pools that support miners from countries like the US, Sweden, Norway, and China. Only a small portion of the hash power actually comes from ma inland China.   Central Entity Cannot Gain Control Over Bitcoin  If a central entity or authority like the Chinese government takes over or seizes mining pools, individual miners can simply and easily reallocate their hash power to other mining pools. As such, the Chinese government, contrary to the claims of Makarov, will never be able to gain control of 50 percent of the Bitcoin network and initiate an attack or double spend bitcoin.  Stuff.co.nz and Makarov inaccurately reported:  “However, if one party were to control more than half of its processing power, they would be able to manipulate Bitcoin in a way that renders it useless, the report says. Such a ‘censorship attack’ would cause transactions to grind to a halt, be completed twice, or result in Bitcoins disappearing from wallets. These events could be launched by Beijing if it coerced enough miners in the country.”  In an instant, individual miners can either choose to send their computing power to a certain mining pool or switch over to another mining pool. Miners can switch to non-Chinese mining pools like Slush Pool and Bitfury, and avoid the centralization if an unlikely attack occurs. Conclusively, the probability of any government taking over the Bitcoin network is 0 percent, and that is the purpose of bitcoin, to remain as a decentralized and peer-to-peer cash system, store of value, and medium of exchange.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Major Bitcoin Exchange Bittrex ’s Customers Have Been Unable to Withdraw For Months Twitter  On various online bitcoin communities, forums, and social media platforms, clients of major US-based bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange Bittrex have expressed their concerns over long-lasting withdrawal issues.   Bittrex Verification Issues, Resolution  Several users disclosed that withdrawal of funds on the Bittrex cryptocurrency trading platform have been delayed for many weeks, up to a month, for reasons made unclear to users.  According to a Bittrex customer, the withdrawal issues and delays on the Bittrex trading platform have emerged due to the platform’s verification issues. As with every other regulated cryptocurrency exchange, Bittrex has different withdrawal, deposit, and trading limits for users. For traders to increase their daily withdrawal limits, they are required to submit government-issu ed IDs, passports, selfies, and additional sensitive information.  However, because of the rapid increase in the user base of Bittrex and surge in the volume of verification requests, the process of increasing the daily trading limit and completing account verification often take over a month for regular users.  “The next step is for you to submit a Support Ticket, which I then completed. My Support ticket was opened on November 6 with not a single response from anyone at Bittrex. This is going on for almost 30 days now. I updated the ticket many times to no avail,”  a Bittrex trader told Business Insider in an interview.  Earlier this month, Bittrex spokesperson said in a statement provided to Business Insider that the company is implementing various solutions to ease the verification process and increase the daily trading limit of users in a prompt manner.   The spokesperson also noted that the company has reached out to all of the users and traders affected by the verification issues. “Bittrex recently reached out to its affected customers to explain more fully the improvements we have been making to our identity verification procedures and the reasons some accounts may have been affected. A small percentage of our overall user ba se has experienced delays in getting their account issues resolved, and we have recently added more staff to address those delays,” said the Bittrex spokesperson.  On November 29, Bittrex founder rami Kawach announced that the company had completed an upgrade on the back-end system of Bittrex, as a part of a initiative to address the rapid user growth and request load on the trading platform.  “Due to unprecedented user growth and request load, we are currently performing upgrades on our back-end system. We are attempting to minimize trading impact but we expect short rolling outages on all markets,”  wrote Rami.  In the upcoming months, the Bittrex team aims to roll out additional updates and improvements onto its back-end system to address the exponential growth of its user base.  Similar Problems on Other Exchanges  In May of 2017, prominent bitcoin blogger and trader WhalePanda revealed that he had waited more than a month to be verified on Kraken, another major US-based bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange headquartered in San Francisco.  “Been waiting for a month to get level 3 verification on Kraken too,”  said  WhalePanda. In response, Kraken Support stated that the verifications team is backlogged, due to a surge in verification and daily limit increase requests.  CCN reached out to Bittrex for a statement, but the company was not available at the time of reporting.  Over the past few weeks, Bittrex has hired 12-year Amazon veteral Jim Waschak as chief operating officer and former Homeland Security Department Deputy General Counsel Kiran Raj as chief strategy officer to streamline the process of verifying user applications and better managing the platform’s operations.  On December 15, Bittrex CEO Bill Shihara  stated:  “Our mission is to develop the most trusted cryptocurrency exchange in the world, and we believe the breadth of experience that these individuals bring will be critical to achieving that goal. They will drive our enduring commitment to foster a secure and regulated trading environment that creates more opportunities for blockchain technology and the future of finance and securi ty. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Strategist Tom Lee Boosts Bitcoin Price to $20,000 in Mid-2018 Twitter  Tom Lee , co-founder of Fundsrat Global Advisors, the only major Wall Street strategist covering bitcoin, sees a silver lining in bitcoin ’s current fallout and has raised his bitcoin price target from $11,500 to $20,000 for mid-2018,.  Lee said bitcoin’s intrinsic value has increased over the last month due to the growth of new bitcoin wallets, and that Fundsrat is buying bitcoin as the price has dropped,  CNBC  reports.  A Forecast 37% Price Jump  The revised target represents a 37% jump from the $14,600 price on Coinbase on Friday afternoon. Bitcoin fell 47% to $10,400 in the morning from its record $19,800 last Sunday. Bitcoin price is  back above $15,000  today amid an ongoing recovery.  Fundstrat projects unique IP bitcoin wallet addresses will increase 50% by mid-2018 while user activity will rise 10% from present levels, Lee said. Lee has raised his mid-2018 projection twice since late November, when he raised it from $6,000 to $11,500. He initiated the $6,000 projection in August.  Bitcoin has surged nearly 1,900% this year, even with Friday ’s steep decline.  Also read: Bitcoin a good bet for millennials, says bullish strategist Tom Lee  Speculative Activity Noted  Lee said there is a parabolic/speculative price activity taking place with bitcoin that he considers unhealthy, but he is not surprised bitcoin is currently selling off. The surge in the past few weeks was partly responsible for the increase in bitcoin wallets, as was speculation.  Lee said $11,000 is becoming a support price for bitcoin. The next downward support levels are $10,131, $7,918 and approximately $7,000.  Lee maintained his  $25,000 bitcoin price target for 2022  based on the Bitcoin Investment Trust (GBTC) over-the-counter price moving from $1,300 to $2,200. GBTC’s price has jumped more than 1,500% to $1,900 this year. Lee, who was J.P. Morgan Chase’s chief equity strategist from 2007 to 2014 before helping to launch  Fundstrat , became the first widely followed market strategist to focus on bitcoin’s price back in July. He is now Fundstrat’s managing partner and research head.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   The ‘Digital Shekel’: Israel is Working on a State Cryptocurrency Twitter  Israeli authorities are reportedly considering issuing a cryptocurrency that would be identical in value to the shekel, Israel’s fiat currency.  Both Israel’s financial ministry and the central bank are exploring the possibility of issuing a national digital currency titled the ‘digital shekel’, the  Jerusalem Post  reports. Regulators have been considering the legal parameters of issuing a central bank cryptocurrency for ‘several months’ while authorities could table a review of an early legal framework as soon as January 2018, according to the report.  As  reported  yesterday, a finance official confirmed that the digital currency would be based on a blockchain with the intent to introduce a faster, instant payments infrastructure over the current centralized system. The Jerusalem Post report weighs in with additional details, citing an official who revealed that the ‘digital shekel’ would be made available to citizens over a smartphone w here every transaction is recorded and the cryptocurrency itself to be stored in a digital wallet. The cryptocurrency will be issued by the central bank and is the digital equivalent of the physical currency shekel, in value.  The digital shekel will be peer-to-peer and will not require a clearing system or a centralized authority to oversee transactions.  The official reportedly stated:  You can imagine that instead of giving you a piece of paper saying the Bank of Israel on it, I can send you a piece of digital code that was issued by a central bank.  Issuing a digital currency over a blockchain where all transactions are recorded and immutable will also ‘make it more difficult to evade taxation’, the official added.  Still in its early stages, the plan to introduce a cryptocurrency has no public timeline just yet. Further, the Bank of Israel would require an approval from Israel’s national legislature, the Knesset, to issue a state cryptocurrency.  Other ministries and laws would also be relevant in pushing through legislation to introduce the ‘digital shekel’. The official said:  There’s a lot that people need to think about before going through with this reform. We’re looking at the legal, financial, regulatory and money-laundering sides of this.  The developments come in a year when Israel’s tax authority has deemed bitcoin  a taxable asset  while Israel’s securities regulator outlined  a ‘friendly’ approach  to initial coin offerings (ICOs), a popular new form of fundraising powered by cryptocurrencies.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Futures Effect? Bitcoin Price Surges 10% in Rebound to $15,000 Twitter  Earlier today, on December 26, bitcoin price surged by more than 10 percent and entered the $15,000 region for the first time this week.  The recent price surge of bitcoin follows a major correction which occurred on December 23 and 24, which led to a sudden drop in the price of bitcoin to $11,500. However, within less than 48 hours, bitcoin and most of the cryptocurrencies in the market have recovered in value.  Effect of Bitcoin Futures  Trav, a bitcoin analyst, suggested that the price of bitcoin has surged throughout the past 24 hours because of the resumption of bitcoin futures trading on the Chicago Board Options Exchange (Cboe) and CME, since regulated stock markets and options exchange only operate during the weekdays.  “Why did the market move? Futures opened tonight. There’s a new dynamic in town. ”  On Cboe and CME, the demand for bitcoin from institutional and retail investors in the traditional finance market has been evident, given that the price of bitcoin on the two platforms have been higher than that of the global average bitcoin price. Currently, on Cboe, bitcoin is being traded at $15,500, while the global average price remains just short of $15,050.  Other major bitcoin markets including Japan and South Korea have also demonstrated significant premiums over the past few days. On Bithumb, the world’s second largest cryptocurrency exchange based in South Korea, bitcoin is being traded at over $19,000, with a $4,000 premium over the global average bitcoin price.   According to cryptocurrency market data provider CryptoCompare, the South Korean bitcoin market is only accountable for less than 5 percent of the global bitcoin market. Hence, lower supply of bitcoin in the South Korean market and skyrocketing demand have led to the formation of substantial premiums.  As the global bitcoin market stabilizes and matures, premiums and arbitrage opportunities in regions like South Korea and Japan will dematerialize. But, in the short-term, it is likely that the premiums in some markets will remain high.  Previously,  CCN reported  that Charlie Lee, the creator of Litecoin and former Coinbase executive, stated that the South Korean market is driving up the price of bitcoin because of its high demand for the cryptocurrency.   “Ever since China banned the bitcoin exchanges, (South) Korea has really taken up the mantle. There is a lot of frenzy in (South) Korea right now and I think that’s driving up the price,” said Lee.  Even when the price of bitcoin fell to $11,500, in South Korea, the bitcoin price did not fall below the $15,000 mark.  As such, in consideration of the increasing demand for bitcoin in regions like Japan and South Korea, and from investors in the traditional finance market, the price of bitcoin will likely grow rapidly in the short-term.  Bitcoin Price in 2018  In 2018, several investors including billionaire hedge fund investor Mike Novogratz, TenX founder Julian Hosp, and Max Keiser noted that the price of bitcoin could reach $60,000, experiencing both minor and major corrections on the way.   On CNBC’s Squawk Box, Hosp  stated:  “I think we ’re going to see bitcoin hitting the $60,000 dollar mark, but I also think we ’re going to see bitcoin hitting the $5,000 dollar mark.”  
INCREASE	   Long Island Iced Tea Shares Surge 300% after Blockchain Rebrand Twitter  Long Island Iced Tea Corp. shares jumped close to 300 % shortly after the company rebranded itself as Long Blockchain Corp., the most recent example of a little-known microcap company gaining valuation by announcing a connection to  blockchain  technology. The company had a market value of about $67 million following the stock price surge.  Source: Long Island Iced Tea Corp.  Long Blockchain, based in Hicksville, N.Y. and having not posted a profit, joins a growing list of companies not previously involved in cryptocurrencies or blockchain technology who have managed to use the expanding crypto realm to fatten their capitalizations by tagging themselves as crypto in some way,  Bloomberg  reports. Such companies include juice, sports bras and sofa manufacturers.  Comparison To Dot-Com Craze  Some observers have compared the crypto/blockchain bandwagon effect to the dot-com boom – which eventually went bust – 20 years ago.  Scott Nations, the author of “A History of the United States in Five Crashes,” said in the late 1990s, companies with no connection to the Internet put out press releases claiming they were going to become an Internet company, resulting in increased market valuation.  Such companies that rise and fall five or 10 times in one day because they claim to be a blockchain company confirms that a bubble exists, Nations said. Long Blockchain’s shares rose from $2.44 Wednesday to as high as $9.49 Thursday, closing at $6.91 at day ’s end. The stock fell below $6.00 Friday.  At one point, more than 14 million shares were traded versus an average daily volume of roughly 170,000 for the prior three months.  Also read:  Fintech stock LongFin surges 2,600% following blockchain company acquisition  No Blockchain Connection Confirmed  The company to date has no agreements with blockchain technology companies, nor is there any assurance there will be.  The company’s largest shareholder is Eric J. Watson, holding 13% of outstanding shares, according to  SEC  documents. He is the executive chairman and founder of Cullen Investments, which has holdings in financial services, real estate, agriculture, fashion retail, sports and entertainment in the U.K., the U.S.,  Australia  and New Zealand.  The company was created in 2015 following a merger with Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp. and has funded operations from a combination of debt and equity sales.  Long Blockchain recently canceled a share sale.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Better Late than Never? Bitcoin Segwit2x Scheduled for December 28th Twitter  Last week, the Segwit 2x team indicated in  a CCN press release  that they were planning to move forward with their proposed hard fork in the coming weeks.  Now, Segwit 2x lead developer Jaap Terlouw has confirmed on  the project’s website  that the team will finally execute the fork on December 28th.  Originally  scheduled for November , the development team  cancelled  the fork amidst controversy and schisms in the community.   In an official statement , the team recognized that they had “ not   built sufficient consensus for a clean blocksize upgrade at this time,” foregoing the fork in an effort to “[keep] the community together.”  The project’s updated roadmap now lists December 28th as the set date for the fork, and in his recent announcement, Terlouw confirmed these developments:  “Our team will carry out the Bitcoin hard fork, which was planned for mid-November,”  Arguing that “[c]ommission and transaction speed within the Bitcoin network has reached extraordinary values,” Terlouw believes that “[i]t is almost impossible to use it as a means of payment.”  In hopes of fixing these issues, the Segwit 2x fork will reduce block times to 2.5 minutes and increase block size to 4MB.    ‘Tis the Season to be Forking  Bitcoin already forked four times this year, giving us  Bitcoin Cash  in August,  Bitcoin Gold  in November, and  Bitcoin Diamond  and  Super Bitcoin  in December.  All of these currencies marched into the scene with their own scalability, privacy, and mining centralization solutions.    Shockingly, this list doesn’t even begin to touch the unvetted forks rumored for the coming months, which includes Bitcoin God (yes, really), Bitcoin Silver, Bitcoin Uranium, Lightning Bitcoin, and Bitcoin Cash Plus.  Unlike these unconfirmed forks, however, it seems certain now that Segwit 2x will join the forked fold. For months, only “trading of [2x] futures has been carried out on some exchanges,” according to Terlouw, the most notable being HitBTC.  Including HitBTC, Binance, GDax, and BTCC have confirmed their support of the fork.  Come forking day, Jaap Terlouw promises “that all BTC holders will receive not only B2X in the ratio of 1 to 1, but also a proportional number of Satoshi Nakamoto`s Bitcoins as a reward for their commitment to progress.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Users, Exchanges are Ripe Targets for Criminals, Warns Cybersecurity Researcher Twitter  With Bitcoin’s recent surge to nearly $20,000 per coin, and with the cryptocurrency ecosystem’s value blowing past the $600 billion mark, cybercriminals are increasingly targeting bitcoin users and cryptocurrency exchanges, according to Bryce Boland, chief technology officer (CTO) for cybersecurity firm FireEye, in the Asia Pacific region.  The cybersecurity expert, speaking to  ZDNet , claimed extorsion victims, presumably of ransomware, are increasingly being asked to pay in cryptocurrency. Earlier this year, a  Google report  pointed to 34 different ransomware families earning $25 million in the last two years, making it clear it’s a very profitable business.  He stated:  “We have been seeing a huge amount of extortion against businesses, and most of those extortions are using cryptocurrencies for the payment  — mostly it ’s Bitcoin  — and so many of our customers are having to deal with coin security issues, or have to acquire Bitcoin to potentially pay criminals.”  Boland added that the exponential value growth in some cryptocurrencies has created a sense that people need to stockpile them. However, taking into account the ecosystem’s value surge, many new cryptocurrency owners – including both individuals and businesses – are left vulnerable to attacks.  Those who adopted cryptocurrencies when they had just been created spent a lot of time understanding them, and figuring out how they could be kept safe, Boland noted, adding that a vast number of those who recently bought cryptocurrencies are just trying to make a profit by speculating on their future value. The cybersecurity expert concluded that this creates a huge opportunit y for criminals, as these investors aren’t aware of how easily their money can be stolen.  Cryptography Can ’t Fix Human Vulnerabilities  Boland, who’s studied cryptography, noted that the wonderful thing about it is that it can solve any problem with perfection, as long as it is a mathematical one. Criminals turn to cryptocurrencies to reduce the chance of getting caught, but they’re still humans, targeting other humans. To the CTO, there’s a challenge in there, as cryptography “doesn’t solve human problems terr ibly well.” He added:  “Even if you think you ’ve got a really strong password and you only use that computer for accessing cryptocurrencies and cryptocurrency sites, you can still be the target of an attacker trying to steal your digital wallet. ”  Part of the problem may be in the use of “crypto” as it can lead some to believe that it’s somehow safe to use these currencies. However, criminals don’t brute force wallets, they steal files and data credentials that give them access to these wallets.  Various cryptocurrency exchanges saw their userbase grow, in line with the whole ecosystem. The exchanges run by small organizations, Boland believes, may become a target for criminals, as they’re struggling to keep up with the load.  Although these exchanges understand how cybersecurity works and how to secure tokens, their struggle to keep up with the load may make them focus on other things other than cybersecurity, which can lead to disaster. He explained:  “We ’ve seen DDoS attacks against them; we ’ve seen different groups targeting cryptocurrency exchanges trying to steal the currencies they hold; trying to garner information on how they operate, particularly how they operate their KYC processes for anti-money laundering; we also see them try and understand who are the insiders, who are the people that might work there to conduct other crimes.  A real-world example of what Boland means recently made headlines, as a relatively unknown Seoul-based cryptocurrency exchange,  Youbit, saw hackers breach its hot wallet  and steal 17 percent of its total assets.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Belarus Acknowledges Bitcoin as a Legal Currency, Legalizes ICOs Twitter  The government of Belarus, with the approval of its President Alexander Lukashenko, has officially acknowledged bitcoin as a legal currency and has legalized initial coin offerings (ICOs), smart contracts, and blockchain development.  Tax-Free, ICO Legalized, Blockchain Industry  The document approved by President Lukashenko entitled “On Digital Economy Development,” read:  “The main goal of the document is to create such conditions that global IT companies would come to Belarus, open their representative offices, development centers, and create popular products in the world.”  Unlike several major bitcoin markets like South Korea, the Belarus government will not tax mining, trading of cryptocurrencies, and sale of digital tokens. According to Belarus Hi-Tech Park director Vsevolod Yanchevsky, activities related to mining, creation, acquisition and sale of digital tokens will remain tax-free until 2023, throughout the next five years.  “Having adopted the Decree, Belarus Becomes one of the world ’s most comfortable jurisdictions for IT business. Besides, the country is creating favorable conditions for the development of blockchain technology and businesses based on it,” said Yanchevsky.  The primary motive of the government of Belarus in providing a favorable environment for both cryptocurrency businesses and investors is to better facilitate the growth of its digital economy, beginning with the fastest growing technology and financial network in bitcoin.  Similar to Zug in Switzerland, better known as Crypto Valley, the Belarus government plans to address the rapidly growing demand for ICOs and token sales by establishing an ecosystem in which blockchain projects and startups can freely, without being concerned about regulatory conflicts and boundaries, issue crypto-tokens.  Denis Aleinikov, a senior partner at law firm Aleinikov  & Partners, who is one of the main individuals that led the cryptocurrency bill to presidential approval, emphasized that the government also seeks to see an exponential growth rate in its smart contracts and blockchain industry.  As such, the government aims to provide full support towards decentralized applications and blockchain projects working toward commercializing and deploying smart contracts at a large scale.  “Smart contract may solve the fundamental problem of all humanity which is a failure to fulfill what has been agreed on paper. A computer program takes the function of a contract ’s automatic fulfillment,” said Aleinikov.  Significance of Belarus’ Friendly Regulations  Currently, the global cryptocurrency market is largely dominated by four regions: the US, South Korea, Japan, and Hong Kong. The US and Japan settle more than 60 percent of the global bitcoin and cryptocurrency trades, while South Korea and Hong Kong account for more than 10 percent of the market.  In the past, leading cryptocurrency markets like Australia with innovative startups and well-backed early-stage companies struggled to demonstrate success due to the inefficient and impractical policies imposed by the government. This year, the Australian government passed various regulations to eliminate taxes for investors and offer friendly regulations for businesses. Still,  the Australian bitcoin market is lagging behind other regions.  At this early stage of development and adoption, countries like Belarus could solidify themselves as leading regions in the global cryptocurrency market by garnering talents, startups, and projects.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Recovers to $15,000 in Boxing Day Rally Twitter  The bitcoin price recovered to $15,000 during a Boxing Day rally that restored some semblance of stability to the markets following a month of extraordinary volatility.  In a break from the recent trend, no top 10-cryptocurrency moved more than 10 percent against the dollar, and just three moved more than five percent. Altogether, the  cryptocurrency market cap  posted a single-day rally of $18 billion, which works out to an increase of about three percent.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Recovers to $15,000  The  bitcoin price  climbed to $15,000 on Tuesday, continuing a  Christmas recovery  that began after shaking out weak hands just days prior. At the time of writing, the bitcoin price was trading just below that mark on Bitfinex, representing a single-day increase of approximately seven percent. Bitcoin now has a market cap of just over $250 billion.  Bitcoin Price Chart  This must frustrate bitcoin skeptics, many of whom rushed to publish  bitcoin obituaries  after the flagship cryptocurrency  stumbled 30 percent  leading into the holiday weekend. But, as CCN pointed out in its analysis of the incident, the bitcoin price has fallen by at least 30 percent six times in 2017 alone, and each of those hiccups has ultimately been followed by a significant breakout.  Ethereum Price Trades Sideways  The  ethereum price  fluctuated about $40 during intraday trading but ultimately ended the day on a sideways trajectory. At present, the ethereum price is trading at $734 on Bitfinex, about one percent higher than its previous day level. Ethereum now has a market cap of nearly $72 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart  Altcoin Markets Enjoy the Calm, Await the Storm  Although ethereum managed to eke out a minor increase, the rest of the major altcoins declined on Tuesday. Nevertheless, their movements were muted, and the total altcoin market cap held steady at its previous day-level.  Altcoin Price Chart  The bitcoin cash price declined approximately two percent to $2,813, leaving the third largest cryptocurrency ’s market cap at $47.5 billion. Fourth-ranked ripple declined nearly three percent, dropping it just below dollar parity. Ripple currently has a market cap of $38.1 billion. Litecoin, similarly, dropped about two percent, but its market cap managed to hold above $15 billion.  The market dealt sixth-ranked IOTA a five percent decrease, lowering its price to $3.58 and forcing its market cap just below the $10 billion mark. Dash declined by two percent and is currently trading at $1,147. At this level, dash has a market cap of $8.9 billion.  Eighth-ranked NEM posted the worst performance of top 10-cryptocurrencies. The NEM price declined almost 10 percent, reducing its price to $0.93 and market cap to $8.4 billion. This presented EOS with an opportunity to move up in the rankings, an opportunity it squandered after posting a four percent decrease of its own. Monero, priced at $345, rounded out the top 10 with a decrease of less than one percent. Monero now has a market cap of $5.4 billion.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  
INCREASE	   Korea’s Central Bank Urged to “Seriously Consider” Issuing Fiat Cryptocurrency Twitter  A senior researcher at the Korea Institute of Finance (KIF) has called on the central bank to issue digitized tokens of the fiat won as a cryptocurrency over a blockchain.  Lee Dae-ki, a senior researcher at the Korea Institute of Finance (KIF), has suggested that the Bank of Korea (BOK) should “seriously consider” issuing digital tokens of the fiat won on a blockchain. The researcher cites reduced costs, increased transparency and ease of payments for consumers as reasons to adopt cryptocurrencies that have the potential to become a “revolution i n finance”, according to a  Korea Times  report.  “Technology based on blockchain, the distributed accounting database, will show great promise in enabling central banks to improve their defenses against cyber attacks and overall the way payments are conducted between institutions and consumers, ” Lee said in the report published on Sunday.  The researcher warned that the central bank is nowhere near creating and issuing digitized Korean won at a time when digital tokens have no legal recognition in the country.  Still, Lee said it’s possible the central bank to issue digital tokens on a blockchain, a move that would lead to a complete overhaul of the banking industry.  The researcher wrote:  his will overhaul the banking industry as banks will have to compete with digital currency systems by providing higher interest or additional services which will be beneficial to consumers.  Korea has emerged among the largest cryptocurrency trading markets in the world, a fact not lost on the government that is now taking a hardline stance toward cryptocurrencies. Korean authorities have already banned the issuance of digital tokens via ICOs, or initial coin offerings, a radical new form of fundraising powered by cryptocurrencies. Last week, Korea’s primary financ ial regulator and watchdog  ruled out regulatory oversight into cryptocurrencies  like bitcoin because they aren’t recognized as fiat currency equivalents by authorities. Despite the lack of recognition, the country’s National Tax Service is currently devising a framework to  enforce capital gains taxes  on cryptocurrency adopters.  “Regular currency or commodity regulating cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin are, in part, held back by the government ’s growing inability to officially name what it actually is,” Lee stated. “Some countries regard digital coins as commodity, while other places are treating them as regular money.”  The researcher ’s comments come within weeks of a Chinese counterpart publishing similar statements in urging China ’s central bank to issue its own digital currency  “ as soon as possible . ” Among the earliest-known efforts of a central bank researching cryptocurrencies, the People ’s Bank of China successfully c ompleted an early digital currency trial  on a blockchain a year ago.  Bank of Korea image from Shutterstock.     
INCREASE	   UK ’s Largest Property Firm Says Blockchain Will ‘Absolutely’ Have a Function Twitter  The U.K.’s largest commercial property development and investment company has said that the blockchain will ‘absolutely’ play a role in its business.  Land Securities Group, or Landsec, owns and manages over 26,000,000 square feet of commercial property, from London’s offices and high street shops to those of major shopping centres and retail parks. It also owns the advertising Piccadilly Lights in Piccadilly Circus, London.  In a  CNBC  interview, Robert Noel, CEO of Landsec, was asked whether the blockchain would be used in the company.  He said:  Absolutely … If you look at the way what we provide, which is services to business, and those services are around contract, anything that speeds up archaic land law, and contract law, and leasing law, etcetera, will be welcomed.  With the use of the technology in Landsec’s services it could help to speed up processes, particularly those that require the signing of contracts and extensive paper work. This is turn would help to cut down on the amount of time needed to go back and forth between varying parties. Through the blockchain each party involved would have access to an immutable copy of the contrac t, which is automatically executed when each party completes their part of the process. Noel claims, though, that the technology won’t mean a reduction in actual lawyers for the company.  Nowadays, as the distributed ledger gains in prominence within a range of industries and varying use cases, industries are realising the benefits that it can provide. So much so, that law firms are experimenting with the technology to determine its impact on manual processes that they currently perform.  In February, it was reported that a law firm in New York was looking into the blockchain to see if it could  eliminate many of the steps  required when it comes to executing smart contracts. The law firm, Hogan Lovells, was considering how smart contracts and the technology can execute agreements automatically without human intervention, thus freeing up lawyers time.  However, while the distributed ledger is providing the answer for many industries, could it  spell the end of corporate law firms  as we know them? Last June, Allens, one of Australia’s biggest law firms, sent a report to its clients informing them that the future of the business model that lawyers profit from because of a lack of trust between organisations working with each other was under threat from computers via the blockchain.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Marloes Pomp, Head of Blockchain Projects for Dutch Government Joins the DenCity ’s Advisory Board Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Along with Marloes, two others prominent personalities join the advisory board  In our previous article, we introduced you to the  first four members of the advisory board , a group of individuals with expertise spanning blockchain, technology, banking, marketing, data analysis and entrepreneurship to help us take DenCity to masses.  In this article, we introduce you to three new individuals, namely,  Marloes Pomp ,  Cordell Carter , and  Andrew Koh  who will be joining us as the latest additions to the DenCity advisory board.   Please meet the new board members below and give them a warm welcome.  Marloes Pomp      Marloes Pomp  is one of the most prominent personalities in the Blockchain industry working on building a connection between various governments and the blockchain.  Currently, she is the project leader of thirty blockchain projects within the Dutch Government. Apart from that, she has done several pilot projects in the Netherlands and now is helping those projects reach the next level.  Along with all this, she also provides many training programmes, (including the ICT Masterclass for top officials) and regularly speaks at conferences such as Blockchain Innovation Conference, SXSW Conference, TEDx and others.           Andrew Koh         Andrew Koh  is the Director of Investment Management Association of Singapore.   Previously, he held a leadership role at Singapore’s national payment operator, NETS and played a crucial role there.   In year 2015, Andrew was also listed as one of LinkedIn’s power profiles in Singapore under the finance category.  Along with this, Andrew is an avid lifelong learner and holds 3 world class master degrees: Master of Science in Risk Management (NYU Leonard N. Stern School of Business); Master of Science in Global Finance (Hong Kong University of Science and Technology  & NYU Leonard N. Stern School of Business); MBA (University of Manchester — Manchester Business School). He holds a Bachelor in Banking  & Finance (Hon) from University of London.                 Cordell Carter      Cordell Carter  is currently leading the Aspen Institute Socrates Program , a global education forum for emerging leaders.  Previously, he held leadership roles with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation where he facilitated and implemented several initiatives.  Cordell is nationally recognized for cross-sector successes in philanthropy, education and technology. He was one of the nine people selected for the prestigious White House Champion of Change for Computer Science Education award.  The new advisors join previously announced board members of the Advisory board. You can have a look at them  here .       DenCity is all set to go live with its ICO on December 31, 2017. Check our  website  for more details.        
INCREASE	   $1 Million Bitcoin Ransom Reportedly Paid for Kidnapped EXMO Executive Twitter  On December 26, 40-year-old IT specialist and bitcoin exchange executive  Pavel Lerner was kidnapped in Kiev,  Ukraine. He was reportedly forced into a Mercedes-Benz Vito by unknown assailants wearing dark clothes and balaclavas. Lerner, a leading analyst at cryptocurrency exchange EXMO, stopped answering the phone after leaving the company’s offices.  Speaking to  Reuters , Anton Gerashchenko, an advisor to the Ukrainian Interior Minister Arsen Avakov, stated that Pavel Lerner was released after a $1 million bitcoin ransom was paid. Per his words, it seems either Pavel Lerner or EXMO paid the ransom, but at this point it’s unclear who actually did it. Per a statement EXMO released, Pavel didn’t have access to the financial assets of users, and t he platform kept operating normally.  Notably, Gerashchenko added that this is the “first such case in Ukraine linked to bitcoin,” a potential hint at just how big cryptocurrencies are becoming. Kiev police begun investigating the crime on December 26, and so far it has only admitted it launched a criminal investigation after a man was kidnapped in the Obolon district, without revealing the victim’s name.  After  Lerner was found alive and safe , EXMO revealed he was in a “state of major stress” and as such wouldn’t provide any official comments in the coming days. In its statement, the cryptocurrency exchange, which currently has a $194 million trading volume and lists crypto to Russian ruble trading pairs, thanked the cryptocurrency community for its support. The statement reads:  “EXMO team is deeply grateful to the cryptocurrency community and the media for their active support. We promise to timely provide any updates on the situation.”  It notes, however, that ”the story of Pavel’s abduction has overgrown with rumors that might tamper with the official investigation,” and as such currently “refrains from any comments or suggestions of own versions of the possible scenario, in the nearest future.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Australian Bitcoin Investors Claim Banks are Shutting Down Their Accounts Twitter  Bitcoin investors in Australia have claimed that major banks including National Australia Bank, ANZ, the Commonwealth Bank of Australia and Westpac Banking Corporation, have started to freeze the bank accounts of cryptocurrency traders without prior notice.  Major Banks Called Out  Earlier this week, Australian cryptocurrency trader Alex Saunder publicly called out all of the major banks in Australia that have had a history of treating cryptocurrency traders unfairly, despite the criticism of the Australian government.  In May, the Australian government released the 2017-18 budget which contained the elimination of double taxation on the trading of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. Given the controversy around some of the country’s largest banks unfairly closing down the accounts of cryptocurrency traders and businesses, the government also reaffirmed that it will provide a friendlier ecosys tem for both cryptocurrency businesses and users.  “The Government will make it easier for new innovative digital currency businesses to operate in Australia. From 1 July 2017, purchases of digital currency will no longer be subject to the GST, allowing digital currencies to be treated just like money for GST purposes,” the budget  read.  Still, regardless of the efforts of the Australian government to revive its cryptocurrency and fintech industries that have struggled to see success for many years due to the unfair treatment of businesses, Australian banks are reportedly refusing to provide services to fintech businesses like bitcoin exchanges and brokerages.  CoinSpot, one of the few remaining cryptocurrency exchanges processing Australian dollar (AUD)-to-bitcoin trades, stated that the company has placed a temporary restriction on all forms of AUD deposits, because of the lack of banking services provided by local financial institutions.  “We assure you we are just as unhappy with the situation as you, but unfortunately Australian banks have been so far unwilling to work with the digital currency industry which leads to frequent account closures and strict limits on accounts whilst they remain operational, in effect debanking our industry,” said CoinSpot.  Bitcoin Babe AU, another Australian cryptocurrency trader, revealed two documents sent by ANZ, announcing the closure of the trader’s bank accounts. The two documents provided a vague explanation for the closure of the client’s bank accounts. They read:   This is a letter I received a few weeks ago. Also included was a T &C ’s booklet. I ’ve highlighted the clause they are referring to. I have a PTY/LTD company, paying tax, registered with the OAIC and conduct all relevant KYC/AML/CTF checks.  pic.twitter.com/DShAZPIjyi  — Bitcoin Babe (@BitcoinBabeAU)  December 29, 2017     “In accordance with the Business Transaction Account Terms and Conditions, ANZ gives you notice of its intention to exercise its discretion to close the above accounts effective 30 January 2018.  ANZ may exercise its discretion to close an account due to unsatisfactory conduct for any other reason it considers appropriate.”  Commonwealth Bank Says it Does Not Recommend Cryptocurrencies  A Commonwealth Bank spokesperson also Sydney Morning Herald in an interview that it does not embrace cryptocurrencies because the institution believes they have not been regulated. But, evidently, lack of regulation is not a viable reason to close down the accounts of traders, given that the Australian government has regulated bitcoin as a currency.  “However, we do not currently use or recommend any existing virtual currencies as we do not believe they have yet met a minimum standard of regulation, reliability, and reputation compared to other currencies that we offer to our customers ”.  The Australian government eliminated double taxation on bitcoin in June to revive its local cryptocurrency and bitcoin markets. Without proper banking services, the Australian cryptocurrency industry will not be able to compete with other regions like Singapore and Hong Kong with friendly regulations.  Featured image from Shutterstock,  
INCREASE	   2017 Review: The Year Cryptocurrencies Seized the Mainstream Spotlight Twitter  Two Thousand Seventeen will go down in the history books as a year cryptocurrency made tangible inroads in mainstream finance and commerce, driven by the 1400% rise in bitcoin’s price over the year. Regulatory measures, worrisome network forks and warnings from naysayers could not stop the crypto momentum as consumers and businesses by the millions became first-time cryptocurrency users.  Source: CCN  As bitcoin’s price rose steadily throughout the year, the upward pace gained momentum in the fourth quarter, with the price nearly reaching $20,000 in mid-December.  During the month of November, which saw triple-digit gains in a matter of a few days at a time, bitcoin skeptics with impressive financial credentials joined the “bitcoin’s a bubble” chorus.  As bitcoin use rises, the media pays more attention to it , making more people aware of its use as both an investment and a currency. The convenience of making transactions across borders with minimal transaction fees provides significant benefits to both businesses and individuals.  In 2017, more retailers, both physical and online, accepted bitcoin as a form of payment, including Virgin Galactic, Overstock, TigerDirect, Dish Network, Expedia, Newegg, Microsoft, eGifter, Gyft, Zynga, Starbucks, Subway and Autopartsway.  2017 Began Strong  Bitcoin began the year on a positive note with the U.S. election of Donald Trump last November, who many viewed as pro-bitcoin.  The fall of the Chinese yuan in January drove many investors to seek better opportunities, including cryptocurrencies.  Concern about the bitcoin hard fork – a protocol designed to address slow transaction times as currency use increases – carried over from 2016 into 2017, a concern that gave many observers uncertainty about bitcoin’s future. These concerns were largely put to rest as a series of forks took effect throughout the year.  Source: CCN  Bitcoin continued to surge in August after the execution of the Bitcoin Cash  (BCH) hard fork. Bitcoin Cash blocks can hold up to 8 MB worth of transactions, whereas the original bitcoin is capped at 1 MB.  Investors quickly realized that the hard fork had little to no impact on the bitcoin network and that the activation of the Bitcoin Core development team’s transaction malleability fix and scaling solution Segregated Witness (SegWit) meant that for the first time in the history of bitcoin, the activation of a major scaling solution was locked in and insight.  The bitcoin market used the hard fork as a trigger to establish momentum and continue to increase in value.  As a result, some of the largest bitcoin exchange markets, including the U.S., South Korea, China and Japan, experienced drastic increases in bitcoin demand, as the digital currency hit an all-time global high at the time of $3,470.  The Japanese bitcoin industry, in particular, demonstrated an exponential growth rate in terms of merchant adoption and daily trading volumes of local exchanges. Apart from the Philippines and China, Japan is one of the few markets that has been considering bitcoin as a digital currency rather than as digital gold and a long-term investment.  Bitcoin Cash, for its part, made its mark, eventually challenging Ethereum for the number two cryptocurrency.  The Bitcoin Gold fork launched in October with the goal of making bitcoin more decentralized by blocking the use of ASIC miners. Bitcoin Gold, an altcoin that — like Bitcoin Cash — has a shared blockchain history with bitcoin, delivered a minor temporary setback to bitcoin’s price, which dropped below $5,700 on Oct. 24, as traders rebalanced their portfolios to stake larger positions in altcoins following the Bitcoin Gold hard fork. Ethereum jumped 8%, while two of the top 10 cryptocurrencies — Dash and NEO — posted double-digit increases.  Altogether, the cryptocurrency market cap added about $700 million on Oct. 24, even as bitcoin temporarily dropped more than 3%.  Bitcoin Gold, for its part, fell to $136 in two days  — even amid buying pressure from margin traders who wanted to purchase it to pay back lenders. The price has stabilized since that time, standing at $218.41 on Dec. 30., according to ccn.com.  The impact of the SegWit2x (B2X) hard fork on Dec. 29 was uncertain at this time , but forks, to date, have not delivered negative lasting impact on bitcoin demand. (The SegWit2X should not be confused with a fork led by Jeff Garzik that failed to launch in November. The B2X increases the block size to 4 MB, twice the amount as the earlier SegWit2x proposal.)  What also remains unknown at the present time is whether SegWit2x delivered the solution to slow transaction times.  Most observers voiced no problem with hard forks as a tool for competition and experimentation, even though some see forks as compromising the perception of bitcoin’s limited supply, which they view as critical to its underlying value.  Altcoins Also Fork  Several altcoins also forked in 2017.  Ethereum’s Byzantium hard fork took effect Oct. 16, considered to be the first half of Metropolis, a protocol upgrade that has been planned since 2015. It introduced nine protocols to enhance the network’s privacy, scalability and security. The second phase — Constantinople — does not yet have an official release date but is tentatively scheduled for 2018.  Source: CCN  This marked the fifth time the Ethereum network has undergone a hard fork. The ETH price has appreciated more than 3,000% since its last hard fork in November 2016.  ZenCash, which provides a privacy networking platform, partnered in June with IOHK, a blockchain research and development company, to upgrade to a transaction replay resistant system via a soft fork. The ZenCash platform’s design allows users to conduct shielded transactions that hide information about sender and receiver, as well as the transaction amount. Users can also perform transparent transactions. Communications are encrypted among nodes, delivering certificate-based encryption connections for ZenCash wallet applications.  Monero successfully hardforked in January to add higher levels of privacy and anonymity.  Source: CCN  Political And Economic Factors  Political and economic news tended to enhance cryptocurrency’s standing among investors in 2017.  The war of words between the U.S. and North Korea in August raised the demand for cryptocurrencies at the expense of traditional “safe” havens such as U.S. Treasuries and gold.  In inflation-ravaged Venezuela, bitcoin overtook the bolivar as the main currency, despite attempts by the government to crack down on bitcoin mining.  Other governments continued to seek to regulate cryptocurrencies out of concerns about money laundering and other fraudulent activities.  European regulators are considering joint bitcoin regulation due to concerns about money laundering, drug trafficking and terrorist financing. The governments of India, Singapore and the Philippines have issued warnings about bitcoin. China, meanwhile, banned ICOs and cryptocurrency trading.  Investor Acceptance Grows  Bitcoin also made progress in gaining acceptance among mainstream investors in 2017, as two Chicago trading firms – Cboe and CME – issued bitcoin futures.  In July, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission granted LedgerX LLC registration as a derivatives clearing organization under the Commodities Exchange Act. The company was granted temporary approval to operate as such in 2015.  New York’s department of financial services in January approved Coinbase’s application for a virtual currency and money transmitters license, making it one of the largest bitcoin companies to gain the department’s approval and one of five virtual currency firms granted approval to operate in New York State.  One of the biggest challenges still to be met on the investment front is gaining the government ’s approval for a bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF), which many observers believe will unleash a floodgate of investment capital. In March, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rejected the first bitcoin ETF, causing the price to fall from a high of $1,350 at the time to below. $1,000.  Also read:  Ripple briefly achieves $100 billion market cap, can it be justified?  Market Correction Strikes  Bitcoin’s fourth-quarter surge corrected itself on Dec. 10, as its price shed 25% of its valuation, taking most altcoins down with it, including Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, Litecoin, Cardano, IOTA, NEM, and Monero. The price stabilized around $14,000 in the final days of the year.  The end-of-the-year price correction is not viewed as a sign of a bubble as much as imposition of new regulations on domestic bitcoin exchanges in South Korea, a bitcoin trading hub. Analysts have also attributed the correction to the sudden increase in the value of cryptocurrencies over the past few months. The 25% correction cannot be viewed with alarm against the full year ’s gains.  The South Korean regulations, for their part, are seen by some as a sign of official recognition that will benefit the markets over the long-term and help bitcoin mature into a mainstream asset, even as market traders exhibit uncertainty about how these regulations will affect the markets in the short-term.  Leading altcoins, with the exception of Bitcoin Cash, recovered faster than bitcoin from the recent correction. Ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, Cardano, IOTA, Dash, NEM and EOS all recorded gains of over 10 percent in the days following the Dec. 10 fallout.  Source: CCN  Ripple ’s price surged by 38 percent on Dec. 29, enabling XRP to unseat Ethereum as the second-most valuable cryptocurrency. Ripple managed to tread water during the market downturns, and it has surged during the calm periods in between. In the last week of December, its price leaped by more than 80 percent, bringing it to a present value of $1.63 on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex.  Some analysts claimed that the entrance of institutional money and hedge funds in the cryptocurrency market initially by bitcoin futures has led investors to explore other cryptocurrencies.  Others have attributed the success of altcoins to the scalability issues of bitcoin and the lack of SegWit integration to date.  Nevertheless, the cryptocurrency market as a whole, buoyed by Ripple’s recent rally, grew to $584.8 billion Friday, Dec. 29, a single-day increase of approximately 5% from Thursday, when it was valued at $554.5 billion.  The fourth quarter price surge attracted media attention to bitcoin and cryptocurrencies, causing some reputable financial experts to join the naysayers. Such experts include Ken Griffin, the billionaire founder and CEO of the Citadel hedge fund management firm; Jim Cramer, former hedge fund manager, best-selling author, and host of Mad Money; Nouriel Roubini, an economics professor at New York University’s Stern School of Business; Katsunori Sago, the chief investment officer at Japan Post Bank; Societe Generale Deputy CEO Severin Cabannes; and Credit Suisse CEO Tidjane Thiam.  Meanwhile, bitcoin continues to gain acceptance by businesses and consumers.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Facing Decisive Year in 2018, Says Legendary Investor Twitter  Elevation Partners co-founder and tech investing legend Roger McNamee said that he believes 2018 will be a decisive year for bitcoin.  Why 2018 is Decisive for Bitcoin  Speaking with  CNBC , McNamee  — an early Facebook investor  — explained that next year will be crucial in determining whether bitcoin’s ascent is sustainable over the long-term or whether it will prove to be a short-term asset bubble.  Bitcoin is  “still a very small market in the context of the larger financial world, but it has had a huge year,” McNamee said on “Fast Money.” We ’ve done it around a speculative mania … ”If a mania goes on long enough, it becomes self-fulfilling. Even after a crash, what follows is a legitimate industry. ”  McNamee compared it  — favorably  — to the dotcom bubble that occurred at the turn of the millennium, recognizing that although the bubble caused a brief recession it spawned a legitimate, transformative industry.  The key, he said, is that bitcoin continues to captivate investors long enough that the “mania” becomes “self-fulfilling,” and he believes that this will be apparent by the end of 2018.  “With the amount of activity going on around it, there are people willing to invest the kind of dollars it takes to make a thing like bitcoin into a long-term part of the financial market, ” he said.  “You ’ll have these big swings, up and presumably down, as well. And, you know, wherever that settles out I think will tell us a lot about the role of bitcoin long-term.”  Increased Institutional Involvement Needed to Prevent Collapse, Says Economist  McNamee is not the only industry observer who believes bitcoin has reached a crucial juncture in its short history.  Mohamed El-Erian, the chief economic adviser at European asset management giant Allianz, said earlier this week that he believes bitcoin’s recent downtrend could prove to be a “ moment of truth ” for the upstart cryptocurrency.  Noting that, despite the advent of  bitcoin futures , institutional investors have yet to make a splash in the cryptocurrency markets, he said that how Wall Street responds to the correction could prove decisive in the asset ’s long-term trajectory.  “Either this sharp price correction will act as a catalyst for expanding …institutional involvement in this market  — or it will become a stage in the deflation of a remarkable and historic asset bubble, ” El-Erian concluded.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Slightly Recovers as Ripple Market Cap Drops by $13 Billion Twitter  The bitcoin price has slightly recovered to above $13,500 as the market valuation of Ripple dropped by $20 billion overnight.    Major Shift in Trend  Since December 30, Ripple has regained $7 billion in market cap and is still demonstrating a valuation significantly larger than Ethereum, the third most valuable cryptocurrency in the market.  Over the past few days, the entire cryptocurrency market has experienced a drastic shift in trend. Newly introduced cryptocurrencies like Cardano have demonstrated rapid growth. Cardano in particular surpassed Litecoin in terms of market valuation, achieving a $18 billion market cap.  The dominance index of bitcoin has also declined to an all-time low at 38.3 percent, as alternative cryptocurrencies in the market started to surge in value. While it is difficult to justify the market valuation of most of the cryptocurrencies in the market, it has become worrisome that the combined market valuation of alternative cryptocurrencies surpassed that of bitcoin.  In January of 2017, the dominance index of bitcoin was at over 90 percent and the majority of the funds in the market were stored in bitcoin. 12 months later, as the market enters 2018, the dominance index of bitcoin remains below 39 percent.   Several analysts are still optimistic in bitcoin achieving a trillion dollar market cap by the end of 2018, given its network effect and the adoption by financial institutions. Bitcoin still remains as the only cryptocurrency with full support from major financial institutions building options trading, exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and custodian platforms for retail traders.   Things to look out for in 2018 in  #Bitcoin :  1. Nasdaq Bitcoin Futures 2. NYSE Bitcoin ETFs 3. Cboe Bitcoin ETFs 4. Scaling / Lower Fees 5. More Adoption Due to ↑ 6. Many Billion of Institutional Money Coming to Bitcoin / Crypto  No wonder analysts are so optimistic!  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  December 26, 2017  As CCN previously reported in November, billionaire hedge fund legend Mike Novogratz  stated:  “Bitcoin could be at $40,000 at the end of 2018. It easily could. Ethereum, which I think just touched $500 or is getting close, could be triple where it is as well. There’s a big wave of money coming, not just here but all around the world. What’s different about these coins than other commodities … there is no supply response here. So it’s a speculator’s dream in that as buying happens there’s no new supply response that comes up.”  The bitcoin community, market, and users are also expecting lower transaction fees in 2018, with the implementation of innovative scaling solutions. Developers remain confident that with the activation of Lightning, bitcoin fees can decline below $1. But, that is under the assumption that SegWit is adopted by leading bitcoin service providers like Coinbase and Blockchain. The two companies, which operate the majority of bitcoin wallets, have not integrated SegWit yet, although they plan to do so by the first quarter of 2018.  What Will Happen to Bitcoin?  Many analysts expect 2018 to be a breakout year for bitcoin, after an impressive yearly performance in 2017, with a 14-fold return. While the market valuation of many cryptocurrencies remain very high, without results, active user bases, and activities, they will not be able to retain the current valuations.     Like $10,000 was a psychological threshold for many bitcoin traders, the $1 trillion mark will be a significant milestone for bitcoin that could push its price up significantly higher than the current levels.  
INCREASE	   As Prices Dip, Bitcoin’s Market Dominance Slips Towards New Low –and the Market is Better for It Twitter  It’s dipping season, folks.  Well, it  was  dipping season.  Yesterday, assets all across the cryptocurrency market were getting hammered, and the ubiquitous price dent had 89 out of Coin Market Cap’s top 100 turning red at the time of our first draft ’s initial coverage.  During this latest dip, Bitcoin  went sub $13k .  As of press time, crypto ’s flagship currency has bounced back up to around $14,200 as it ’s climbing away from the lows it hit upon  the recent Christmas correction .  The market has been strapped for confidence since the pre-Christmas flash crash, as Bitcoin’s net worth has fluctuated around the $215-240bln range since the correction.  Depending on these day-to-day ebbs and flows, this puts it down anywhere from 28-36% from its market cap ’s all time high of $333bln.  A Loss in Bitcoin Dominance Could Pave the Way for Alt-coin Confidence  In the wake of the recent correction, however, we’ve witnessed a rare sight: Bitcoin’s market capitalization dominance has fallen below 40%.  The last time this happened, alt-coins were on the come-up of a booming summer market, and Ethereum was breathing down Bitcoin’s neck amidst wild speculations of  the flippening .  During this time, Bitcoin’s market dominance reached a low of 37.29%.  Now, Bitcoin is inching towards this figure once again, entertaining the possibility of an unprecedented low in market dominance.  Over the course of the last two days, crypto’s king has flirted between a 37.5% and 39% share of crypto ’s total marketcap.  If it drops below the 37.29% threshold, we’ll see Bitcoin at its weakest since the market’s inception.  Of course, this came at a time when the rest of the market was suffering, as well, with the exception of a few outliers.   Ripple was one of these exceptions , surging to a new all time high yesterday of $2.84.  This situation calls to mind Ethereum’s gaining on Bitcoin back in June, as Ripple’s current capitalization is $90bln, nearly half of Bitcoin’s own.  Difference being, of course, Ripple is one of the only currencies actually performing well right now, while Ethereum’s surge came with a rising tide of alt-coin prices.  Still, Bitcoin’s neutered market dominance is good for one thing: it mitigating the impact of the latest correction.  But everything still bled out for a while there, right?  Well, yes, but when we compare this correction to those in months past, a more evenly distributed share of market wealth is stanching loses.   For example, let ’s compare our latest dip to one from last September. Over the course of about two weeks, Bitcoin’s price fell 40% from an all time high of $5,000.  The market followed suit, dropping 44% to $100bln from a high of $180bln just 13 days prior.  At the time, Bitcoin boasted a market dominance of ~45%, and as the data indicates, crypto’s overall market cap seemed fettered to Bitcoi n’s fluctuations. Just take a look at charts for both Bitcoin’s price and the total market ’s value during the September correction –they’re practically identical.      On a smaller scale, an end of November correction tells a similar story.  As Bitcoin lost 19% of its value, the market ’s overall capitalization dropped a nearly identical 20%.  During this dip, Bitcoin owned a healthy majority of the market at 55%.  But it looks as though times have changed.  Since peeking its head just above $20k on December 17th, Bitcoin has lost 30% of its value with its current price floating around $14,000.  Meanwhile, cryptocurrency’s net worth is only down 6% since Bitcoin began its most recent downward trend. The market hit an all time high of $654bln on December 21st, and at press time, it is valued at approximately $610bln.  Even as alts suffered losses yesterday, the market was only down 13% from its December 21st high.  All the while, Bitcoin’s market dominance has made a steady recession from 55% to its current 38.6% share.  I’m not going to tell you that Bitcoin is dying, nor am I going to try to argue that the market hasn ’t taken a hit thanks to the Christmas correction –most coins suffered loses from their all time highs, and its likely that your portfolio has come down with a case of post-holiday scarlet fever.  But I will say that, when we compare this pullback to corrections in the past, alt-coins and the market in general are fairing much better than they would be if Bitcoin held a majority of overall market value. Whereas the market ’s losses have been nearly synonymous with Bitcoin ’s own over the course of 2017, it appears that cryptocurrency as a whole is slowly but surely breaking free of the ties that bind its fate to Bitcoin’s.  If 2018 brings balance to market dominance within cryptocurrency’s top 10, this could usher in a new era of alt-coin confidence, and it could also hedge investing risks by distributing wealth more proportionally across all market assets.    So keep an eye on Bitcoin’s market dominance heading into the new year, and don’t despair too much over your sickly portfolio –it could be much worse.  Disclaimer: The views expressed in the article are solely that of the author and do not represent those of, nor should they be attributed to CCN.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Isn’t Legal Tender in India, Says Finance Minister Twitter  India’s foremost financial official has publicly refuted bitcoin as a currency and legal tender in the country.  Speaking at Tuesday’s session of the Indian Parliament, finance minister Arun Jaitley doubled down on his take on cryptocurrencies and specifically, bitcoin. According to local publication  ZeeBiz , Jaitley refuted bitcoin’s acceptance as legal tender in the country while pointing to a similar stance taken by India’s central bank over the years.  A month ago in December, Jaitley confirmed the government’s ongoing plan to regulate India’s nascent but growing cryptocurrency industry,  stating :  Recommendations are being worked at. The government’s position is clear, we don’t recognize this as legal currency as of now.  In today’s remarks, Jaitley revealed that 11 cryptocurrency exchanges had specifically been identified by the government without elaborating further. On December 13, 2017, India’s Income Tax (IT) department  swooped in  on at least nine bitcoin exchanges to look into alleged tax evasion before announcing its intention to  impose capital gains taxes  on adopters.  Despite numerous calls – including one  mandate by the Supreme Court  – to introduce a regulatory framework for cryptocurrencies, Jaitley stressed the government will not engage in “knee-jerk reactions” to force guidelines and/or regulations for exchanges.  Instead, the government is waiting on a report from the  interdisciplinary committee  tasked to research and propose a regulatory framework for cryptocurrencies, Jaitley added.  Jaitley’s public comments at the Indian Parliament today follows  a public notice  by the Ministry of Finance that cautioned citizens against investments in bitcoin and cryptocurrencies, likening them to ponzi schemes.  Featured image from YouTube.  
INCREASE	   Vietnam Bitcoin Adopters Face Criminal Prosecution, Fines Up to $9,000 Twitter  Vietnam’s central bank has enforced laws that prohibit the issuance and usage of bitcoin as legal tender in the country.  The State Bank of Vietnam (SBV), Vietnam’s central bank, has outlawed bitcoin as a legal means of payment after refusing to include the cryptocurrency among non-cash payment methods approved by the authority.  As  reported  by  CCN  in October, recently updated legal frameworks for payment instruments that recognize checks, payment orders and bank cards (credit and debit) as non-cash payments did not include cryptocurrencies. As a consequence, bitcoin is seen by law as an illegal payment instrument by default.  The central bank’s public notice also underlined the very real notion of prosecuting adopters who engage in issuing, providing or using bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. At the turn of the year, the threat of prosecution is now a reality.  In its [roughly translated] statement at the time, the central bank wrote:  [A]s of January 1, 2018, the act of issuing, using, or using illegal means of payment (including bitcoin and other similar virtual currency) may be subject to prosecution. in accordance with the provisions of clause 1 (h) of Article 206 of the Penal Code 2015 (as amended and supplemented in 2017).  “The issuance, supply, use of bitcoin and other similar virtual currency as a means of payment is prohibited in Vietnam,” the SBV added in its late October statement without elaborating if the “issuance and supply” also extends to local cryptocurrency exchanges or mining operations. Before prosecution, adopters will also be subject to a fine between VND 150 million and 200 mill ion [approx. $8,900].  Few expected the central bank to implement its hostile ban, particularly after Vietnamese prime minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc  approved a plan  to legalize bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in August 2017.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Putin Orders Work on ‘CryptoRuble’ to Escape Western Sanctions  Twitter  Three-term Russian president Vladimir Putin has ordered Moscow officials to work on creating Russia’s own national cryptocurrency dubbed the ‘cryptoruble’ as a means to evade sanctions.  At a recent government meeting, Sergei Glazev, Putin’s economic advisor, told other officials that a cryptoruble could serve as a ‘useful tool’ to circumvent crippling international sanctions.  In quotes reported by the  Financial Times , Glavez said:  This instrument suits us very well for sensitive activity on behalf of the state. We can settle accounts with our counterparties all over the world with no regard for sanctions.  The FT report also cites Moscow officials stating that President Putin commissioned work on developing and establishing a cryptocurrency. The cryptocurrency would, in essence, be the digitized equivalent of the fiat ruble “but its circulation would be restricted in a certain way,” Glavez added. The official stopped short of revealing further details but did confirm that the Kre mlin would have complete oversight of the cryptocurrency.  CCN  reported  a closed-door meeting between Putin and Moscow’s political elite in mid-October wherein Russian communications minister Nikolai Nikiforov first revealed Putin’s mandate to create a national cryptocurrency. The cryptoruble will be developed and issued “quickly”, Nikiforov said.  “I so confidently declare that we will launch the cryptoruble for one simple reason: if we do not, our neighbors in the Eurasian Economic Community will do it in 2 months,” the minister added at the time.  Crucially, the cryptocurrency cannot be mined and can therefore only be issued  – presumably by the central bank. The Central Bank of Russia (CBR) has notably experimented a number of  digital currency pilots  toward a national cryptocurrency in 2017.  Putin, who became acting president of Russia in 2000, has already  announced his candidacy  for a second consecutive term and the fourth term overall during the upcoming presidential elections in March and April 2018.  In October 2017, Putin  acknowledged  cryptocurrencies “are becoming or have already become a full-fledged means of payment, as well as a means of investment” in a number of countries around the world. They come with “significant risks” as well, Putin added. In the coming weeks, Putin  approved a framework  calling for the regulation of initial coin offerings (ICOs) and cryptocurrency mining in Russia.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Use in Illicit Activity  ‘Small ’ Compared to USD Volume: US Treasury Official Twitter  In December, the U.S. Senate Judiciary held a full panel hearing focusing on a bill designed to modernise anti-money laundering (AML) laws, which included looking at the role that digital currencies play.  The hearing on  Bill S1241 : Modernizing AML Laws to Combat Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing took place, chaired by Chuck Grassley, a senior U.S. Senator from Iowa, and the current chairman of the Judiciary Committee of the 115th Congress.  Opening the hearing, Grassley said that the introduction of S1241 is designed to give law enforcement the tools it requires to do its job, stating that:  This bill will modernize our AML laws by providing new tools, modernizing methods, and closing loopholes to make sure that law enforcement can prevent, identify, and prosecute those who break the law.  According to a study conducted by the Tax Justice Network, the U.S. is one of the easiest places in the world for terrorists, human traffickers, and corrupt foreign politicians to hide illicit money, said Senator Dianne  Feinstein at the hearing, who is backing the bill, adding that:  The bill is intended to address a number of gaps in current law. It is the product of years of work and it builds on the recommendations included in a bipartisan report titled  ‘The Buck Stops Here: Improving United States Anti-Money Laundering Practice. ’  The hearing, which heard from seven witnesses over two panels, focused on the threat that money laundering, terrorist financing, and other forms of illicit financing pose to the national security of the U.S. and the integrity of the U.S. and international financial systems.  Kenneth Blanco, deputy attorney general of the criminal division at the U.S. Department of Justice, said that as economies and financial systems become increasingly global, so too do criminal organisations.  He said:  Transnational criminal organizations, kleptocrats, cybercriminal groups, terrorists, drug cartels, and alien smugglers alike must find ways to disguise the origins of the proceeds of their crimes so that they can use the profits without jeopardizing their source.  According to the UN Office on Drugs and Crime, it estimates that annual illicit proceeds total more than $2 trillion globally. Some of the money laundering threats that Blanco highlights include illicit cash, trade-based money laundering, illicit use of banks, prepaid access cards, and digital currencies.  The use of cryptocurrencies enables criminals to conduct illicit transactions because they offer potential anonymity, which enables them to move their criminal proceeds between countries, states Blanco. In his opinion, though, some countries have limited AML controls.  As an example, he cites the Drug Enforcement Administration ’s (DEA) 2017 National Drug Threat Assessment, which found that China-based firms manufacturing goods used in trade-based money laundering schemes often prefer to accept payment in bitcoin because it can be used to anonymously transfer value overseas, thereby circumventing China’s capital controls. However, many would argue that bitcoin is in fact pseudo-anonymous.  Matthew Allen, acting assistant director of the Homeland Security Investigative Programs and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, explained that in November 2016 HSI special agents investigated and seized $1.2 million in cash from Utah resident Aaron Shamo, who led a Xanax and fentanyl pill production organization. He then proceeded to sell his illicit products via the dar k web where an investigation led to the identity of his digital currency wallet address. According to Allen, agents were able to seize Shamo ’s bitcoins, valued at $2.5 million.  Yet, despite this,  Jennifer Fowler, deputy assistant secretary for t errorist financing and financial crimes at the U.S. Department of the Treasury, claims that the U.S. dollar continues to remain a popular currency for illicit commerce and money laundering. She adds, though, that the Treasury is continually monitoring the use and development of new payment technologies, such as digital currencies.  She said:  Although virtual currencies are used for illicit transactions, the volume is small compared to the volume of illicit activity through traditional financial services.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Peter Thiel ’s Founders Fund is Holding Hundreds of Millions of Dollars in Bitcoin Twitter  One of Silicon Valley’s most respected venture capital firms has stockpiled hundreds of million dollars in bitcoin.  Citing several people familiar with the matter,  The Wall Street Journal  reports that Founders Fund is sitting on several thousand bitcoins, spread across several of its recently-launched funds.  Co-founded by billionaire Peter Thiel, Founders Fund has more than $3 billion under management and has made lucrative bets on Facebook, Airbnb, and Lyft.  Prior to launching Founders, Thiel co-founded payment processing giant PayPal and served as its chief executive officer. The entrepreneur, an outspoken libertarian, did not originally believe that bitcoin could achieve mainstream adoption but later embraced it after observing the ecosystem grow and realizing it could serve as a “reserve form of money.”  In September of last year  — when bitcoin was trading below $6,000  — Thiel said that he believed bitcoin had “ great potential left ” due to the possibility that it could become the “cyber equivalent of gold.”  The firm ’s initial investment in bitcoin amounted to around $15 million to $20 million, but the value of that investment now numbers in the hundreds of millions due to bitcoin’s yearlong rally in 2017. The source did not disclose whether Founders had sold any of its bitcoin or continues to hold the entire balance.  The firm reportedly told investors that the investment was a high-risk, high reward bet that was particularly attractive due to overstretched valuations in the tech sector.  “The representatives have told firm backers that a cascade of cash into technology companies has stretched their valuations to historic highs, making stakes in startups as dangerous a risk as ever. Bitcoin, on the other hand, could multiply several times over in the coming years,” the report said.  In addition to its direct investment in bitcoin, Founders has also purchased stakes in two cryptoasset hedge funds, MetaStable Capital and Polychain Capital.  To date, few institutional investors have made invested directly in the ecosystem, even though industry observers say  more than $10 billion  is waiting on the sidelines. The revelation that a firm as respected as Founders Fund is holding bitcoin could make other institutional investors less hesitant to wade into the markets themselves, further  transforming bitcoin  into a mainstream financial asset.  Featured image from Flickr/ Heisenberg Media .  
INCREASE	   Move Over, Winklevoss Twins: There Could Be 200 Bitcoin Billionaires Twitter  Gemini co-founders Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss  grabbed headlines  last month when the value of their publicized bitcoin holdings surpassed $1 billion, making them the first “verified” bitcoin billionaires. However, blockchain data indicates that there could be as many as 200 bitcoin billionaires who have kept their holdings a secret to maintain their privacy.  That’s according to an  MSN Money  report, which cites an unnamed source at blockchain data aggregation website BitInfoCharts.  “A rep for BitInfoCharts, who wished to remain anonymous because of security concerns, told MONEY in an email that, given Bitcoin’s current overall market capitalization and that most people hold Bitcoin at multiple addresses, there may actually be as many as 200 Bitcoin billionaires, and possibly no fewer than 35,” the report said.  Two hundred would seem to be an extremely high estimate, given that bitcoin’s market cap is currently $235 billion, but 35 seems quite plausible.  As demonstrated by the site’s “ Rich List ,” there are six individual addresses that hold more than $1 billion worth of bitcoins. One address has been identified as belonging to cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex, while the other address owners are unknown but may belong to other exchanges, custodial services, or hedge funds.  Source: BitInfoCharts  However, most bitcoin users spread their holdings across multiple addresses, and many newer bitcoin wallets automatically generate new addresses every time the user selects “receive” in the client. Wallet explorers can link together addresses belonging to the same wallet, but careful users can keep their funds in several wallets that do not interact with one another, concealing the fact that they share an owner.  It has been well-publicized that bitcoin creator Satoshi Nakamoto most likely owned addresses containing nearly 1 million BTC, worth more than $13 billion at current exchange rates. Altogether, 149 addresses contain at least $100 million in bitcoin. Assuming Satoshi is a single person and he or she retains access to these wallets  — which many people doubt  — they would rank among the top 100 richest people in the world, according to the  Bloomberg Billionaires Index .  Believe it or not, though, Satoshi’s wealth has been eclipsed by that of another cryptocurrency project founder. Chris Larsen, a co-founder of fintech startup Ripple, is currently worth more than $37.3 billion thanks to his 5.19 billion XRP in personal holdings and 17 percent stake in the company, according to a  Forbes  report. This would make him the 21st-richest person in the world, were he included in the Bloomberg index.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Premature: Seoul Academic Blasts South Korean Government’s Bitcoin Regulations Twitter  Yoo Byung-joon, business administration professor at Seoul National University, the most prestigious college in South Korea, has stated that the South Korean government introduced premature regulations for the bitcoin and cryptocurrency market.  Premature Regulations  As CCN reported in December , the South Korean government released various policies to strictly regulate the South Korean cryptocurrency market and protect investors within it. Initially, after the December 13 emergency meeting to discuss the state of the cryptocurrency market was held, the South Korean government introduced the following four regulations:  Prevent unaccredited investors from dealing with losses through highly volatile cryptocurrencies.  Prevent strictly regulated cryptocurrency exchanges from operating as speculative platforms for unaccredited investors.  Request banks and exchanges to ensure underaged investors and foreigners cannot open trading accounts on cryptocurrency exchanges.  Temporarily suspend institutional investors and retail investors from investing in cryptocurrencies.  By the end of December, the South Korean government released three more regulations and emphasized that it will impose practical regulations by closely monitoring the cryptocurrency market. The government noted that it does not intend to restrict the growth of the cryptocurrency market and the development of innovative blockchain-based technologies.   South Korean govt ’s  #Bitcoin  regulations from this week:  1. Gov ’t will impose regulations based on global trend. 2. Special cryptocurrency law drafted, 
INCREASE	   China ’s Largest Bitcoin Exchange Heads to Japan and South Korea With Major Bank Deal Twitter  Huobi, formerly the largest cryptocurrency exchange in the Chinese market prior to the cryptocurrency trading ban imposed by the local government, is reallocating to Japan, the second largest cryptocurrency market in the world.  Huobi Will Move to Japan and South Korea  In late 2017, China’s three major cryptocurrency trading platforms Huobi, OKCoin, and BTCC officially migrated to the Hong Kong bitcoin market, operating over-the-counter (OTC) platforms to address the demand for cryptocurrencies from individual investors in Asia.  Huobi, which rebranded to Huobi Pro to operate in Hong Kong, has started to process large volumes once again along with OKCoin’s Hong Kong exchange OKEx. It also has secured a strategic partnership with SBI Group, one of Japan’s largest financial institutions, to launch a large-scale cryptocurrency trading platform in Japan and South Korea.  “SBI Holdings has reached a basic agreement with Huobi Group (1.65 million accounts, maximum daily transaction volume of over CNY 30 billion (approximately JPY 510 billion), which has a track record of stably operating a major cryptocurrency exchange in China, to explore the following alliances,” the official statement released by SBI Holdings on December 7 read.  The official partnership document further revealed that SBI Group had acquired 30 percent of equity in Huobi’s Japanese venture Huobi Technology Japan Co., Ltd.  “SBI Group’s acquisition of 30% of equity in Huobi Group’s Japanese entity (Huobi Technology Japan Co., Ltd.) and 10% of equity in Huobi Group’s Korean entity (HUOBI CO., Ltd). Huobi Group’s acquisition of 30% of equity in SBI Virtual Currencies, a subsidiary of SBI Holdings.”  The partnership between SBI Holdings and Huobi is particularly noteworthy, as that would prevent any potential conflict between the traders on the Huobi platform and Japanese banks. SBI Holdings is expected to provide the Huobi trading platform with virtual bank accounts and robust banking infrastructure.  The backing of a major financial institution will also significantly help Huobi penetrate into the South Korean cryptocurrency market, given that Japanese and South Korean banks are already collaborating on several cryptocurrency-related projects.  Major Markets in the Making  According to CryptoCompare, the Japanese and South Korean cryptocurrency markets account for 40 percent of global bitcoin trades and 10 percent of global Ethereum trades. Cryptocurrency exchanges in the two regions have millions of active traders, despite the implementation of strict Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) systems that render the user verificat ion process extremely inconvenient and inefficient.  The entrance of major cryptocurrency exchanges like Huobi will better structure the Japanese and South Korean cryptocurrency exchange markets that are dominated by a handful of exchanges.   More importantly, when China accounted for the majority of bitcoin trades in 2016, Huobi processed more trading volumes on a daily basis than any other trading platform in the global market. As such, Huobi will likely be able to provide a trading platform that can address the demand for bitcoin and cryptocurrencies from high profile traders and institutional investors.  CCN previously reported that bitcoin has begun to boost the GDP of the Japanese economy, as Nomura economists Yoshiyuki Simon and Kazuki  Miyamoto explained:  “We estimate the wealth effect from unrealized gains on bitcoin trading by Japanese investors since the start of fiscal year 2017, and estimate a potential boost to consumer spending of 23.2-96.0 billion yen.”  The emergence of large-scale cryptocurrency exchanges will lead to an exponential growth rate of local cryptocurrency markets in both Japan and South Korea.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   The Bank of England is Entertaining its Own Official Cryptocurrency Twitter  As originally reported by  The Telegraph , the Bank of England may approve the creation of a state-sponsored cryptocurrency within the year. Just last year, the bank announced it had commissioned a theoretical currency,  RS Coin , which could be used by central banks to settle payments.  Now, England’s central bank is upping the ante, looking to make its theoretical concept into a viable reality.  A research team vetted by the Bank has been studying the possibility of a central bank-issued cryptocurrency since 2015.  In order to avert the volatility that has come to define Bitcoin, the cryptocurrency would be backed by the Bank of England and tethered to the pound sterling, Great Britain’s national currency. The Bank anticipates the research unit to report back sometime  in 2018 with their findings.  Before the Christmas holiday, Dr. Mark Carney, Governor of the Bank of England, made the case for a central bank-backed cryptocurrency to England ’s Treasury Select Committee.  Defending the idea, he stated that “ The underlying technology is actually of a fair bit of interest. We are working with it at the Bank of England.”  “I have participated in discussions with the major central banks on this issue,” he continued, saying that such talks would resume in the new year.  He also revealed that, over the summer, the Bank successfully transacted with another central bank using blockchain technology.  According to Dr. Carney, there are clear positives to using blockchain technology for central banking practices.  “You don’t end up with those financial stability risks; you get financial stability benefits. And you save huge amounts of computational energy intensity,” he argued.  The Governor also added that the Bank and its research unit are “disciplined” in their approach. “If we’re going to apply something to the core of the system, it’s going to need to meet five sigma quality rating.”  If the trials are successful enough for actual adoption, a cryptocurrency banking option could pave the way for near instantaneous payments for cars, land, houses, and other key assets.  Still, Dr. Carney was careful to address the limitations of a central bank-backed cryptocurrency.  One such weak point, he believes, is solvency if the currency were introduced on a widespread, public scale.   Such adoption may “create a situation where you can have an instantaneous [bank] run.”  Further, if users were to deposit all of their cryptocurrency into the Bank of England, it would need to reconcile the best way to diversify its investments with these assets.  “So there are some fundamental problems if you push the retail design all the way down, unless you restrict the amo unt that people have.”  England Joins the Queue for State Sponsored Crypto   This revelation makes England the latest in an expanding list of countries that have either entertained or approved their own cryptocurrencies.  Recently,  Israel announced  its own plans for the digital shekel, the Israeli central bank’s solution to combating black market purchases that comprise just over 20% of Israel’s GDP.   Back in October , Vladimir Putin put Russia on the map as the first country to announce official plans for its own state-issued cryptocurrency, the digital ruble.  Apparently, Russia is entertaining the cryptoruble  as a means to circumvent international sanctions .   Venezuela has announced their own cryptocurrency  in a similar attempt to mitigate the impact of sanctions from the United States.  Some months ago, President Nicolas Maduro unveiled the petro, a national cryptocurrency backed by Venezuelan oil reserves.  As England moves forward with its own plans, they will likely face criticism from the cryptocurrency community for introducing centralization to what was intended as a decentralized payment option. Industry leader  Vitalki Buterin already expressed doubts  earlier this year of central banks creating their  cryptocurrencies.  If the sterling-pegged currency is specific to the Bank of England, expect retail banks to raise cane, as well, as the move will likely threaten their costumer share of England’s banking populace.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Stellar Price Soars 33% on OKEx Listing, Up 165% in 7 Days Twitter  The stellar price soared by 33 percent on Tuesday following its addition to cryptocurrency exchange OKEx.  Stellar Price Leaps by 33 Percent  It ’s been a good month for projects founded by Jed McCaleb. The developer ’s former project  — ripple  — returned the  best performance  of any cryptocurrency in 2017, and the token ’s price has increased by nearly 1,000 percent since the beginning of December.  Meanwhile, stellar  — McCaleb ’s current project  — has quietly surged to the eighth spot in the market cap rankings with a total valuation of just over $10 billion. In the past week, the stellar price has more than doubled, from $0.22 on Dec. 26 to $0.56 on Jan. 2, and the rally was capped off by 33 percent leap on Tuesday.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The majority of XLM trading is concentrated in BTC trading pairs, and volume is fairly evenly distributed between Binance, Bittrex, and Poloniex. The stellar price, likewise, is fairly steady across these exchanges, and the spread between BTC and USDT pairs is just two percent.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Rally Tied to OKEx Listing  The stellar price rally appears to be tied to its recent addition to Hong Kong-based cryptocurrency exchange  OKEx , which currently ranks as the fifth-highest volume exchange. OKEx announced it would list stellar on Dec. 28, and the price began to shoot up shortly after the XLM market opened the next day.  Trading volume has been thin so far  — OKEx has processed just $1.4 million worth of XLM/BTC volume during the past 24 hours  — but it will likely increase as more investors return from holiday vacations and become aware of the new XLM market.  Aside from its addition to OKEx, stellar has also benefited from the recent announcement of a partnership with cryptocurrency payment processing service Pundi X that both increases access to XLM in Indonesia and could potentially lead to increased usage of stellar as a settlement tool for international trade involving the rupiah.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Briefly Overtakes Ripple, Surges to All-Time High at $914 Twitter  Earlier today, on January 2, Ethereum briefly overtook Ripple and retained its title as the second most valuable cryptocurrency in the market.   Ethereum Hits $88 Billion   The price of Ether, the native cryptocurrency of the Ethereum blockchain network, achieved a new all-time high at $914, briefly obtaining a market valuation of $88 billion and surpassing that of Ripple.  After its initial surge in value, it has declined slightly to $878, as its market valuation fell by nearly $3 billion. Shortly thereafter, Ripple became the second largest cryptocurrency market again, as its market cap increased to $89 billion.   #Ethereum  overtakes  #Ripple  to regain its title as the second most valuable cryptocurrency in the market with a $88 billion market valuation.  Never enough popcorn in the cryptocurrency market.  pic.twitter.com/PL3N8fP2Gz  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  January 2, 2018  The sudden increase in the price of Ether led to the decline of the dominance index of bitcoin, which measures the dominance of bitcoin over the global cryptocurrency market. The dominance index of bitcoin declined to an all-time low to 36 percent.  In terms of developer and overall network activity, the Ethereum blockchain network has been performing at its highest level as of late. Significant progress has been made with its proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus protocol development through the testing of Casper on the Ethereum testnet.  Decentralized applications such as CryptoKitties have begun to demonstrate the potential of the Ethereum network in processing peer-to-peer digital asset trading, which can be utilized in the traditional finance sector to seamlessly exchange assets, commodities, and currencies in a decentralized manner.   Optimism surrounding the strong performance of decentralized applications and the increase in support by major blockchain startups like the $1.6 billion cryptocurrency brokerage Coinbase have led the market to build confidence around the short and mid-term performance of Ether.  This week, Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong stated that the company will focus on the development of Toshi, an Ethereum decentralized application browser, to improve the accessibility to decentralized applications for casual users.  He wrote:  “Our theory is that the smartphone + ethereum + dapps offer an unprecedented opportunity to bring this to people all over the world. We’re attempting to increase the economic freedom of the world, and clean up some bad behavior in the lowest scoring countries.  It can be easy to take the above tools for granted if you’ve only ever lived in developed countries. But for the majority of people living in the world today, those tools are inaccessible.”  Currently, without a massive influx of mainstream media coverage and virality, it is extremely difficult for decentralized applications to appeal to the general public. But, improved infrastructure and introduction of a marketplace for decentralized applications would further increase the usability and accessibility of the Ethereum network.  Strong Demand From South Korea  In the South Korean market, Ether is being traded at above $1,100. On Bithumb, South Korea’s largest cryptocurrency exchange, Ethereum is being traded at $1,116, with a $300 million daily trading volume.  Considering that other cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Litecoin are not being traded with significant premiums, the demand for Ether in the South Korean market is evidently strong.   In the short-term, Ethereum is in an optimal position to surpass Ripple in value, given its recent price trend. If the demand for Ether in the global cryptocurrency market can match that of the South Korean market, Ether ’s price would be able to surpass $1,000 relatively quickly.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Will ‘Burn Out in Spectacular Crash’: Fmr White House Budget Chief Twitter  A former White House budget director said that he believes the bitcoin price will experience a “spectacular crash,” teaching the “really stupid” cryptocurrency investors a serious lesson about how markets function.  Bitcoin Price to See  ‘Spectacular Crash ’  David Stockman, who served as the director of the US Office of Management and Budget during the Reagan administration, told  CNBC  that as astonishing as bitcoin’s rise has been, its decline will be even more meteoric.  “It ’s basically a class of really stupid speculators who have convinced themselves that trees grow to the sky, ” he said, referencing bitcoin investors.  “It will burn out in a spectacular crash. All of these latter-day speculators will have their hands burned to a crisp, and they will learn the proper lesson.”  The crux of his critique was that because the  bitcoin price  fluctuates so greatly, it is unusable as a currency. Many bitcoin bears have been encouraged by the recent launch of  bitcoin futures contracts  on regulated exchanges, forecasting that these products could help stabilize bitcoin’s wild volatility and tame it into a mainstream financial instrument. Fund providers and exchanges are currently racing to list the first  bitcoin exchange-traded funds  (Bitcoin ETFs).  Stockman, however, said that bitcoin derivatives do not lend cryptocurrency any legitimacy but rather provide Wall Street firms with another opportunity to take advantage of ordinary investors who are captivated by the bitcoin price ’s rapid appreciation.  “Anytime Wall Street sees an opportunity to shear the sheep, and when they see the sheep stampeding to the slaughter, they line up with some new gimmick to take advantage of the circumstance,” he said. “There is nothing that is being validated by the opening up of a futures market.  Regulation Not Necessary  Despite these pointed cryptocurrencies, Stockman did not add his name to the  growing list  of regulatory officials in countries around the globe who believe governments should regulate bitcoin or even subject it to an outright ban (a suggestion, one might add, that reveals an ignorance about the technology behind cryptocurrency.  “I don’t think regulators should do anything about it at all,” he said. “It will take care of itself.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from Flickr/ Gage Skidmore .  
INCREASE	   Esports.com Completes Successful ERT Tokensale Hitting Hard Cap, Begins Building Largest E-Gaming Community Worldwide Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Esports , which looks to be the largest portal of its kind, recently concluded a token for ERT. Demand was so high for the tokens, participants contributed enough during the sale to secure financing of all planned investments as well as completion of the esports.com platform.  The portal will focus on 3 main areas: education, entertainment, and statistics. Users can contribute content or videos and be rewarded with ERT tokens, which can be used to purchase hardware, gaming chairs, coaching lessons, or betting on your favorite teams in matches.   If none of these appeal to you, users can cash out ERT into fiat through their sites or the several exchanges already having pledged support of the token. Further tokens can be earned based on any social interaction such as likes or views.  The  Esports  team is based in Malta, and has the necessary documentation, such as gambling license in order to accept bets. Fiat value of ERT will be used to place bets, but ERT will be the currency used in the actual betting. Malta is working alongside Esports to develop a system in which they can accept bets in ERT directly.  Remarking on the Success of the crowdsale, Chief Esportsports Officer Benjamin Főckersperger said :  “This allows us to realize our dream and motivates us to work hard for the implementation of our ambitious plan to make esports.com the biggest e-gaming  community worldwide!”  Exchange support for the token has already been announced by Coinexchange.io, with c-cex.com to follow shortly. The token should then be accessible by traders on HitBtc by beginning of the new year.  ERT will also be established on esports-consortium.com, with exclusive collaborations to drive growth to the platform. One of these joint efforts is an exclusive content licensing agreement with ESL, which will stream live content from their own events to esports.com. Further partnerships are in the works with highly regarded players all over the globe, which will be finalized  in Q1 2018.    The Future for Esports.com Looks Bright with CEO Michael Broda said :  “The success of the ERT ICO is not a big surprise for us. It is one of few tokens, which are based on actual value (the URL esports.com value exceeds the invested capital) and combined with the exclusive esports.com platform paying option a long term investment not only for gamers.”  The team is also committed to the future of eSports as a whole, and has committed 1% of all profits to further development and recognition of eSports as an actual sport. The grants, which anyone worldwide can apply for, could be used to rent training space, provide gaming hardware, cover travel expenses for competitions, or anything else.  This support will also drive more attention and traffic to the platform, creating a positive cycle which should lead to an appreciation of the token as well as esports in general.  To learn more or participate in the ICO, visit the Website:   https://esports.com  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Cap Nears All-Time High as Bitcoin Dominance Hits Historic Low Twitter  The cryptocurrency market cap came within $11 billion of its all-time high on Tuesday, signaling that the ecosystem has recovered from the late-December downturn that temporarily caused more than $200 billion in capital to evaporate from the markets. This rally has been altcoin-driven, and, as the bitcoin price continues to languish below $14,000, the flagship cryptocurrency ’s market share has reached a historic low.  Cryptocurrency Market Cap Nears All-Time High  Cryptocurrency valuations climbed a combined $30 billion leading into the first regular business day of 2018, bringing the cryptocurrency market cap to $642 billion. This represented a single-day increase of five percent and placed the cryptocurrency market cap within striking distance of $653 billion, the all-time high it set in mid-December as the bitcoin price approached $20 ,000.  Cryptocurrency Market Cap Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Returns Minor Increase  The  bitcoin price  took a wavy course to begin the year, but it managed to assemble a minor day-over-day increase on Tuesday morning. After fluctuating between $12,795 and $13,898, the bitcoin price ended the day at $13,484 on Bitfinex for a 24-hour gain of about one percent. Accounting for the moderate premiums of Asian cryptocurrency exchanges, the global average bitcoin price is now $13,792, which translates into a $231.4 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Notably, bitcoin ’s market share is now at a historic low. After boasting a dominant 68 percent stake in the market as recently as Dec. 8, bitcoin now accounts for just 36 percent of the total cryptocurrency market cap.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Ethereum Surges to All-Time High in Bid to Reclaim Second Spot in Rankings  Ripple and ethereum continued to jostle for the second spot in the market cap rankings, and  — following an ethereum price rally  — the contest was neck-and-neck.  Ripple Price Chart  The  ripple price  achieved a four percent increase, a moderate gain that raised its global average price to $2.34 and market cap to $90.6 billion.  However, this rally was eclipsed by that of the  ethereum price , which  soared by fifteen percent  to set a new all-time high above $900. By the time of writing, the ripple price had ebbed back to $842 on Bitfinex, leaving its market cap at $85.2 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart  At this level, ethereum is worth just $5.4 billion less than ripple, meaning that a relative increase of seven percent should be sufficient to restore ethereum ’s status as the second-most valuable cryptocurrency.  Altcoins Chip Away at Bitcoin ’s Market Share  The altcoin rally extended throughout the wider markets, raising the total altcoin market cap above $400 billion for the first time.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Altogether, every top 10 cryptocurrency posted at least a minor single-day advance (as did 87 of the top 100), and three rose by more than 10 percent.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The bitcoin cash price rose by one percent, enabling the fourth-largest cryptocurrency to once again crack the $2,500 barrier. The cardano price rose 12 percent, raising its market cap above $20 billion for the first time in its short history. The litecoin price rose seven percent, bringing it just below $250.  IOTA and stellar posted the best performances among top 10 cryptocurrencies, rising 16 percent and 32 percent, respectively. Stellar now has a market cap of $10.3 billion, making it the eighth most valuable cryptocurrency.  Ninth-ranked NEM rose three percent to $1.09, raising its market cap to $9.8 billion, while the dash price saw an eight percent increase to $1,143 to round out the top 10.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Improving Cryptocurrency Accessibility: ESR Launches Token Generation Event Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Cryptocurrency wallets are generally meant for storage purposes only. While there are POS-based tokens where your crypto worth can passively increase over time through staking, the returns are not guaranteed over a fixed time frame. So wallets in no way act like a regular savings account and don’t operate on the same principles.   While Bitcoin and cryptocurrency wallets, in general, offer a new range of utilities for everyone, they still fall short of the many useful options that regular banking channels provide.  ESR Wallet,  a new payment and credit services platform, aims to bridge that gap with some bold initiatives.   The new  ESR Wallet  offers full range of banking services to its users. The platform also supports most of the mainstream cryptocurrencies available in the crypto market like Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, etc. The ESR team is based in the UAE and has successfully undergone a pre-Token Generation Event.   The platform itself is in the last stages of development and an initial release will ensure that the backers can see what they are involved in. This is a very important development as we have seen how futuristic-looking wallets have been funded and have failed to deliver as promised.  According to  Konstantin Beynars, Technical Director at ESR Wallet :  “Bringing a cryptocurrency bank into realization is both a technically and legally difficult task, due to the legal complexity of connecting traditional bank accounts to cryptocurrency exchanges. Unlike the founders of many similar projects, our team is highly experienced in the fields of finance and licensing. Our company, ES Reliable Investments, has been operating its own AT M network in the USA for years ”  So, the parent company of  ESR wallet  has already been operating banking networks across the USA, and this actual experience will definitely help them in the successful development of this system. ESR is also offering 20% annual interest for cryptocurrency deposits in its wallets. Naturally if a user has fiat currency on the ESR wallet, interest rate will also be applied but that will not be the same as cryptocurr ency rates because of obvious reasons.   Token Generation Event  The  ESR Wallet  is undergoing a crowdfunding campaign. The main TGE was launched on December 19, 2017. A previous pre-sale was successfully undertaken recently. The base price during the TGE has been set at $7.50 per ESR token which is expected to rise once the first batch of plastic cards issued by ESR platform is released to the token holders. 30 percent of the profits from running the new  wallet platform will be distributed among the token holders. The TGE goal has been set at $8 million out of which $1.2 million have already been raised previously.   For more information, please visit the Website:   ESRWallet.io  
INCREASE	   Future of Fair Games: True Flip Announces Major Updates and 50% Reduction in Ticket Prices Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Blockchain-based lotteries and fair games have become a major attraction for people looking for some light entertainment and betting games to play online. What we immediately realize is that blockchain and transparency imparts an extraordinary amount of assurance to the players of these games. The reason is that unlike other platforms where the machine engine is invisible to th e end-user, blockchain-based fair games are in fact transparent in their essence with their mechanics and operationally on display.   Each player playing fair games has the same chance of winning them and the result is independent of the timing of each players’ respective turns. So, a fair game gives an equal percentage of chance of winning to all people involved in it.  True Flip , a groundbreaking new fair games platform has announced major updates to its’ fair games platform in addition to a significant decrease in prices for its’ lottery. The True Flip platform has its’ own coin, with users getting a chance to win decent prizes! According to the  COO of  True Flip , Nikita Parkhomenko:  “True Flip started as a game with a once-daily jackpot drawing and the average user spent about $5 per day on trueflip.io. Users lacked real-time games that would drive additional ticket buying and raffle participation. We completely redesigned the platform, combining several game products in a user-friendly environment. This is a step forward to the “World of True Flip”, which  is in development to gamify the entire system, offering users characters, levels, quests, experience points, bonus games and much more”   From the very beginning,  True Flip  has focused on the very things that make online fair games enjoyable and appealing to gamers. It has now reworked its platform interface to make it easier and more user-friendly than ever before. The platform also allows smooth integration of new products and options while on the move while switching between the games frequently.   True Flip  currently has two very engaging games on its platform. All the information regarding previous players and winners is online and the platform itself is based on blockchain, making fair games much more transparent than ever.   The Jackpot of the popular of these two games Flip’s Star is now at a mouthwatering 400 BTC (around $6.8 million) and it has now exceeded the worth of the entire market capitalization of the platform itself. Flip’s Star has only been around a while ago but its jackpot shows the kind of activity on the platform already there. With the latest updates, there will be a flurry of ac tivity on the platform.   A new game was launched in November this year called “Rapid to the Moon” and the draws were tied to new blocks being created in the Bitcoin blockchain. This is what a fair game is and over 15 BTC are already in the game as the jackpot. Previously, the Flip’s Star token cost .4 mbtc but now the price has been reduced to 0.2 mbtc. The reduction has been an initiative to help keep  the ticket prices stable as Bitcoin’s price continues to climb and many people start to hoard it in anticipation of future rises in price.  Visit the True Flip Website:  https://trueflip.io  
INCREASE	   TRON Uses ‘Creative Marketing’ to Hype Baofeng Partnership Twitter  Some community members are crying foul after blockchain content distribution startup TRON exercised a bit of creative license to promote it partnership with Chinese company Baofeng.  TRON Announces Partnership with Public Chinese Firm Baofeng  On Wednesday, TRON founder Justin Sun announced that the startup had entered into a partnership with Baofeng, a publicly-listed Chinese company that Sun described as the “Chinese Netflix.”   We  #TRON  are proud to announce the partnership with Baofeng group. Baofeng, aka Chinese  @netflix , boasts more than 200 million users as a video portal giant and has achieved 8 billion CNY listing in Shenzhen stock exchange (300431.SZ).  https://t.co/f9MJZcmSDD   #TRX   $trx   pic.twitter.com/jZJF32mmvi  — Justin Sun (@justinsuntron)  January 10, 2018   Though the partnership announcement had been teased for a while, the timing was convenient for TRON, which is currently  facing accusations of plagiarizing  the IPFS and Filecoin whitepapers.  ‘Creative Marketing ’ May Oversell Partnership  At first glance, the news appears to be a coup for TRON, as having its tech tapped by a video playback service as popular as Baofeng would lend significant credibility to the startup’s content distribution platform.  While an achievement for TRON, there are several indications that the true nature of the partnership is perhaps not quite as flashy as Sun’s headline suggests.  First, a variety of community members criticized Sun for his characterization of Baofeng as the  “Chinese Netflix ” and other TRON supporters for comparing the company to YouTube.  Source: Reddit  Moreover, as explained in the  announcement , the partnership is  — strictly speaking  — with Baofeng BFC, a division within the company that is developing the company’s Blockchain Consensus Network (BCN) and producing hardware devices. This division is separate from Baofeng’s video playback service, which has an estimated 200 million monthly users.  Under the agreement, Baofeng BFC hardware devices will run full nodes to support TRON’s blockchain once its main network launches in the future.  “As a large-scale P2P network operator, we know how difficult this network is and how great the technical challenges are. We look forward to the TRON team overcoming the difficulties and launching the network, ” Tianlong Cui, CEO of Baofeng BFC, stated in the announcement.  Finally, Baofeng BFC has signed similar partnership agreements with a  variety of other blockchain startups  over the past several weeks, including Qtum, Metaverse ETP, and an obscure bitcoin fork called BitcoinFile.  These other partnership agreements attracted little attention, both because the blockchain startups in question had smaller market caps than TRON and they did not use the same creative licensing employed by TRON.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Biting the Dust: Bitcoin ETF Applications Forced to Withdraw Under SEC Scrutiny Twitter  Several exchange-traded fund (ETF) providers have withdrawn their bitcoin ETF applications at the request of the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).  Since the launch of bitcoin futures contracts on regulated US exchanges CBOE and CME, a myriad of fund providers have  tossed their hats into the ring  in a bid to bring the first bitcoin ETF to market by creating funds that would trade bitcoin futures rather than the underlying asset itself.  This group included Direxion Shares ETF Trust, a firm that desired to create  leveraged bitcoin funds  that would multiply bitcoin’s price movements. Direxion  withdrew its application  on Jan. 8, citing the SEC’s concern over the liquidity of the futures markets.  “On a call with the Staff on January 5, 2018, the Staff expressed concerns regarding the liquidity and valuation of the underlying instruments in which the Fund intends to primarily invest and requested that the Trust withdraw the Amendment until such time as these concerns are resolved. In response to the Staff ’s request, the Trust respectfully requests withdrawal of the Amendment,” Direxion’s Angela Brickl wrote in the firm ’s withdrawal letter.  The SEC’s stance toward Direxion’s proposed funds is not entirely surprising. The funds were roundly criticized by mainstream analysts for aiming to introduce heightened risk into markets that are already incredibly volatile.  However, a litany of other fund providers have withdrawn their bitcoin ETF applications as well. VanEck, First Trust Advisors, Exchange Listed Funds Trust (ELF), and ProShares Trust have all filed letters requesting to have their applications withdrawn. None of these firms intended to exercise leverage through their proposed funds, although several sought to offer inverse ETFs,  which are designed to return the opposite of the index and are generally considered to be riskier than long ETFs.  ProShares’ withdrawal is notable given that the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)  had sought to list its bitcoin funds  on its Arca trading platform. The NYSE had also filed to list Direxion ’s leveraged bitcoin ETFs.  The withdrawals of ELF and First Trust, meanwhile, are significant because the SEC had  asked for public comment  on CBOE’s proposed rule change that would have allowed the exchange to list these funds and exempt them from certain market manipulation regulations.  This is not the first time that fund providers have withdrawn bitcoin ETF applications under SEC pressure, but many analysts predicted that the launch of bitcoin futures would quickly lead to regulatory approval for these products.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cease and Desist! Malaysia’s Securities Watchdog Puts Brakes on ICO Twitter  Malaysia’s statutory securities regulator and watchdog has issued a cease an immediate cease and desist to a startup’s initial coin offering (ICO).  With a  statement  on Tuesday, the Securities Commission (SC) Malaysia ordered the CopyCash Foundation to “immediately cease and desist all its proposed activities including a purported plan to launch an Initial Coin Offering (ICO)”. CopyCash describes itself as a decentralized social travestying (trading and investing) blockchain platform on its  website , enabling travestying in foreign exchange markets and cryptocurrencies.  The directive came ahead of the intended launch of the startup’s ICO today.  The ban follows a previous  statement  by the regulator on January 5 when the authority stated it “will be calling in key officers” from CopyCash to “inquire into its activities including the purported launch of CopyCashCoin (CCC).” The regulator also noted that it had seen an increase in ICOs “soliciting investments in cryptocurrencies from the public at large, including senior citizens.”  After the inquiry, the SC wrote in its statement yesterday:  “The [cease and desist] directive was issued by the SC following its inquiry after it found that there is a reasonable likelihood that disclosures in CopyCash Foundation’s white paper and representations to potential investors will contravene relevant requirements under securities laws. ”  The securities regulator’s swift action notably follows a public notice  cautioning the public  over ICO-related investments, in September 2017. The authority urged investors to “fully understand” what’s on offer with a digital token sale, adding ICO operators could include disclaimers that would absolve them from “certain responsibilities and obligations.”  In its statement last week, the Securities Commission confirmed it will continue to put a spotlight on ICO activities in Malaysia alongside the country’s central bank.  “The SC continues to work with Bank Negara Malaysia and other enforcement agencies, including our foreign counterparts, to closely monitor such activities and will take appropriate action where necessary,” the watchdog stated.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Will  ‘Easily Double ’ in 2018, Says Wall Street Strategist Twitter  Tom Lee, co-founder of the market strategy firm Fundstrat Global Advisors and a well-known bitcoin bull, sees bitcoin’s price “easily double” this year. While speaking on  CNBC’s “Futures Now,”  the Wall Street strategist even considered the possibility of seeing bitcoin triple in 2018.  As reported by CCN, Lee initially set his bitcoin price target for $11,500 for mid-2018, and then  increased it to $20,000  as the cryptocurrency’s intrinsic value had increased over the last few months due to the growth of new bitcoin wallets, according to him.  Justifying his increasingly bullish take on the cryptocurrency, Tom Lee stated that he thinks it’s still early for investors to “appreciate how much development and uses cases are being built around bitcoin.” To him, bitcoin’s current volatility is just a “price discovery process.”  Addressing those who say bitcoin has no intangible value, Lee said they may be losing some perspective. As a reference, he used the fact that some people said Amazon was worth nothing in the 90s as it wasn’t actually making any money. Taking this into account, the Wall Street strategist said:  “On a long-term basis, [the easiest way to look at bitcoin is] as a replacement or a store of value. So as millennials discover and generate income, they ’re going to use it as a replacement for gold. If [bitcoin] gets 5 percent of the gold market, that ’s roughly $50,000.”  Following his line of thought, Lee sees Bitcoin getting to $20,000 as it keeps gaining on gold’s territory. Over the last year, bitcoin surged over 1,400%, while gold remained at the $1,300 level. Moreover, as reported by CCN, Google search queries for  “buy bitcoin” surpassed those for “buy gold.”  Lee has in the past stated that  bitcoin is a good bet for millennials , after comparing this generation’s acceptance for cryptocurrencies as an investment to that of adopting gold among previous generations.  When asked if he would rather by bitcoin over stocks, Lee stated that “even on a risk-adjusted basis bitcoin is going to easily outperform the S &P.” On a near-term basis, Lee sees bitcoin reclaim its December all-time high close to the $20,000 mark. If the cryptocurrency can get to that level in the first half of the year, Lee said, he sees it making an even bigger move in the second half of 2018.  As such, Lee concluded, bitcoin is “something you should own [all year].” Lee, who was JP Morgan’s chief equity strategist from 2007 to 2014 before helping launch Fundstrat, had a  “conservative” $25,000 bitcoin price target for 2022  that has now seemingly been increased, if bitcoin performs as he expects it to this year.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrencies Will Come to a ‘Bad Ending’: Bitcoin Bear Warren Buffett Twitter  Legendary investor and billionaire Warren Buffett continues his bearish outlook on bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.  In a televised interview on  CNBC , Buffett was asked about JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon’s backpedaling take on bitcoin, after the latter expressed regret about calling bitcoin a ‘ fraud ’ last year.  Queried if he too would re-think his recent remarks on bitcoin – Buffett called bitcoin a “ real bubble ” following Dimon’s comments last year – the investing icon had this to say:  “In terms of cryptocurrencies, generally, I can almost say with certainty that they will come to a bad ending. ”  While predicting the demise of cryptocurrencies, Buffett went on to claim he’d bet on “every one of the cryptocurrencies” falling over the next five years. “But, I would never short a dime’s worth,” he added.  Probed further, Buffett stressed he wouldn’t take a negative position by trading bitcoin futures contracts, stating there’s “no reason” to do so. “Why in the world should I take a long or short position of something I don’t know anything about?” he quipped, admitting to knowing very little of cryptocurrencies.  “I have 11 schools coming on Friday [and] the questions will be on bitcoin, and I won’t know the answers,” Buffett added, preparing everyone else for more soundbites on cryptocurrencies this week.  Buffett’s take on cryptocurrencies, specifically bitcoin, is similar to another long-term bitcoin bear in JPMorgan’s Jamie Dimon. In September 2017, Dimon infamously said bitcoin was a “fraud”. “It’s worse than tulip bulbs,” Dimon continued in the same breath, adding “someone is going to get killed.” The Wall Street banker also threatened to fire employees trading cryptocurrenc ies, calling them “stupid” if they were to do so.  Dimon continues to be a non-believer, he revealed in remarks this week, but went on to state about that ‘fraud’ statement: “ I regret making them .”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   State Cryptocurrency ‘Petro’ is Illegal, Declares Venezuela’s Congress Twitter  Venezuela’s parliament, notably run by the opposition, has outlawed President Nicolas Maduro’s much-vaulted oil-backed national cryptocurrency, the petro.  It was December when controversial Venezuelan president Nicolás Maduro  first unveiled plans  for a national cryptocurrency, dubbed the petro, backed by the country’s massive oil reserves. Venezuela has the world’s largest oil reserves for any single country. The petro, Maduro said at the time, would also be backed by other commodities like gold and diamonds alongside oil. The petro would be useful to combat economic sanctions due to a ‘US-led blockade’, the Venezuelan  president claimed, helping the country regain access to global commerce.  Just days ago, Maduro announced  the issuance of 100 million petros , wherein each digital token will be directly valued to and backed by a single Venezuelan oil barrel. At effectively $6 billion in current prices, the issuance will come in the days following Maduro’s other announcement – the petro’s first national meeting of miners planned on January 14.  Having panned the endeavor ever since its announcement, Maduro’s political opposition have now turned up their scrutiny of the petro by declaring it to be “a forward sale” of the country’s oil rather than a cryptocurrency.  In the Venezuelan capital of Caracas, the country’s opposition-run parliament on Tuesday claimed that any issue of the petro would violate constitutional requirements that mandates the legislature approve any borrowing against the country’s oil wealth. Legislators called the petro ‘an effort to illegally mortgage” Venezuela’s oil reserves.  As reported by  Reuters , legislator Jorge Milan stated:  “This is not a cryptocurrency, this is a forward sale of Venezuelan oil. It is tailor made for corruption. ”  In a series of  tweets , Milan summed up the petro as “illegal and unconstitutional”. Those “who invest in that illegal cryptocurrency should consider that when the country recovers, that money will not be used to solve the hunger of Venezuelans,” he added.  In another translated  tweet , the legislator added:  “This is a new fraud disguised as solutions to the crisis. Here the only novelty is that this inefficient Government wants to compensate the lack of production with these virtual barrels, generating new and illegal debt. ”  “Petro is a way of trying to cover the damage they did to the Venezuelan oil industry,” he added, before revealing that Venezuela owes oil to India and China while production has dropped in recent times.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin? The Dollar is the Real Bubble No One Talks About Twitter  The meteoric rise of Bitcoin in 2017 is by almost everyone dismissed as a bubble. But it is not the only one. In a world where stocks, bonds, objects of art, classic cars and real estate are also at record highs, an investor should ask himself a very important question. Why? Why we have this bubble across all asset classes simultaneously? Could it be that this is just a sign? B ut a sign of what? One answer is  “ The most worrying sign of the implosion of the current monetary system awash with debt and credit creation “. As dramatic as it may sound  – and likely be  – there are lots of signs for the attentive investor to notice.   Investing with a medium- to long-term horizon is all about looking at the big picture, at geopolitical shifts which slowly but irreversibly change consolidated equilibriums and move money around the world in and out of different asset classes. Recently,  Macrovoices.com  published an interview titled  “ Anatomy of the US dollar end-game ” with Jeffrey Snider (Alhambra Partners), Mark Yusko (Morgan Creek Capital) and Luke Gromen (The Forest for the Trees). By the way, Mark Yusko and Luke Gromen were also among the very few money managers who were right in making the call for a depreciating US dollar in 2017. This is a summary of the conclusions drawn, for an understanding of the arguments behind it, listen to t he full interview.    The Crisis of the Euro-dollar Market  According to  Jeffrey Snider , Head of Global Investment Research at  Alhambra Partners , the Euro-dollar market  – a short-term money market facilitating banks’ borrowing and lending of U.S. dollars outside the US  – does not function properly since 2007 and it has essentially morphed into a US dollar  “short squeeze ” generated by a scarcity of dollars. Even if this mechanically means tides of  “a rising dollar or a falling counterpart currency ” in the short term, it is not a net positive-bullish for the US dollar as a reserve currency. What happened in 2014 could happen again and would trigger another dangerous liquidity crisis at a moments notice.   The US Debt Problem  The US debt and unbalances have never been a problem. Up until the world economy runs with US dollars and world central banks keep buying treasuries and the world energy markets are priced in dollars, then there is no problem. But now, because of geopolitical shifts out of the US dollar and US treasuries, this debt starts to matter. And the most likely way to deal with the debt  problem for the US will be to ultimately devalue its currency, through inflation.    Abandoning the Petrodollar System  For  Mark Yusko  of  Morgan Creek Capital  and  Luke Gromen  of  Forest for the Trees , China and Russia are both actively seeking to reduce their dollar requirements. For them, the reliance on the dollar is a chronic problem that must be solved and it has morphed into a national security issue. Therefore they are moving in a number of directions to both increase the dollar supply, while at the same time decrease the dollar demand by  – for example  – repricing oil into CNY. They also do bilateral trade, as well as trade with African partners or other Eurasian countries along the OBOR (One Belt One Road), in non-dollar terms. Another example, the Chinese lent US dollars to African countries and were repaid in oil last year, basically converting Euro-dollars into oil. Since Russia (with Saudi Arabia) is the biggest oil prod ucer and China is the biggest consumer, the two partners have started in 2014 transacting oil in non-dollar terms. In addition, a new Oil Futures contract denominated in CNY was announced last year and started test trading in Shangai in December. As one of the interviewed puts it:  ” Oil has been the currency of choice to back up the US$ fiat since we closed the gold window. If the flow of oil could be persuaded by the efforts of the various nations not to be denominated in dollars, that will affect the world´s global financial flows more than anything else. Because oil is the world´s most traded and the largest dollar based commodity ”.  4 . The Role of Gold as a Neutral Settlement Asset  The idea is nothing new. Already in 2010, Robert Zoellik at the World Bank called for the biggest 5 currencies in the world to be linked to gold. In 2011 Dominque Strauss Kahn did the same as head of the IMF, calling for the link between SDR´s and gold. Luke Gromen highlighted that the news is that the Chinese are now actively moving in this direction. In 2013 they announced to  stop stockpiling US FX reserves and have imported physical gold. The same is valid for Russia and when this is linked to the oil trade, this may shift the oil trade from the Petrodollar to a new Oil-Gold system. As Luke Gromen puts it:  “Russia bought gold the whole time now – unlike in ‘98, unlike in ‘08 – and the price of one ounce of gold in oil barrels more than doubled. It went from 13 barrels of oil per one ounce of gold to 30 barrels of oil per ounce. So if Russia got say 1,000 tons, then guess what has happened to the value of their gold reserves in terms of their largest economic output, oil? They’re  richer. Their reserves rose. You see, what they’re doing makes their economy unsinkable and moves them irreversibly away from the dollar. And I think they’re being patient and playing the long term game. They know that all they’ve got to do is just continue doing this game and the dollar will collapse under its own weight. They don’t need to be aggressive. ”   Therefore patience seems to be the name of the game here for China and Russia. And they both know very well how to play it.    Effect on Asset Prices  There was also unanimous consent on the effect that these big monetary system transitions have on asset prices, in the sense that they are extraordinarily inflationary to the currency that’s losing status. Simply put, for Luke Gromen,  “what you’re seeing in equity markets, what you’re seeing in Bitcoin, what you’re seeing in Da Vinci ’s and what you’re seeing in real estate – the everything bubble – is a completely rational response to the dollar bubble ”.   Indeed, just note that the very same is at this moment happening to the stock market in Venezuela, as it has happened before in Argentina and in the Weimar republic.    Conclusions  When the discussion gets to the point of analyzing where we currently stand in this transition to a new monetary system or which will be the best road to it, the opinions are diverging. The followings are to be closely monitored to gauge how fast the demise of the dollar  – as the global reserve currency  – progresses:    the open interest and the volumes on the new CNY denominated Oil Futures contract, when it will start trading;   if the decoupling of the usual relationship between interest rate differentials and the dollar index continues like in 2017. In other words, if treasury yields are going up at the same time that the dollar index is going down, things are getting serious;   the holdings of US denominated reserves held by global central banks (and particularly by China, Russia and Saudi). Their holdings of US dollar-denominated reserves have peaked already in 2014 and have been on a slow but steady decline since then. Further declines will signal problems for the US to continue sustain its current levels of indebtedness;   If the  “everything asset bubble ” in the US keeps growing (emerging market style).   Finally, how should an investor invest in such a scenario? The three money managers agree to invest in gold, real assets, handpicked undervalued stocks and, hold your breath … yes, Bitcoin. Because the mother of all the bubbles could well be the dollar and not Bitcoin.  About the Author  Andrea Bianconi is an international business Lawyer with over two decades experience, a scholar of Austrian Economics, Monetary History and Geopolitics, a believer in the future of Blockchain based technologies and an active member of Berlin ’s cutting edge Blockchain Hub, a legal consultant to Blockchain businesses, an investor himself and online trader with interest in commodities, precious metals, currencies, Tech stocks and Cryptos.   https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrea-bianconi-blockchain-law/  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘Testnet Is So Boring’: TorGuard Accepts Bitcoin Mainnet Lightning Payments Twitter  Virtual private network (VPN) service TorGuard has begun accepting Lightning Network payments on the main bitcoin network, even though the technology has yet to receive an official production release.  TorGuard made the announcement on Twitter, stating that “testnet is so boring” and telling users to contact customer support for details on how to purchase the VPN service using a Lightning Network payment, and a reddit user  confirmed  that customer support was helping process these transactions.   Disclaimer: c-lightning is not production ready. TorGuard will cover loss of funds when sending us LN payments. Testnet is so boring.  — TorGuard (@TorGuard)  January 8, 2018   As CCN has  reported , the Lightning Network is a much-anticipated technology that will allow bitcoin users to execute near-instant transactions at virtually no cost. This is accomplished by building a layer of smart contracts on top of bitcoin.  Simply put, two users can establish and deposit coins into a payment channel and make transactions without having to publish payment information on the bitcoin blockchain. Although the transactions take place off-chain, the smart contracts will ensure that neither party can behave maliciously and remove the coins from the payment channel without the other party’s consent.  Though the Lightning Network has been in development for several years, anticipation for its official release has ramped up in recent months as bitcoin’s median  transaction fees have soared  as high as $34, according to data from BitInfoCharts (the median fee at the time of writing was $18).  It’s important to stress that although it is possible to set up a Lightning Network node on the mainnet, the software is not production ready and may contain bugs that could cause users to lose funds. TorGuard, however, said that it will cover the loss of funds when sending them payments using this nascent technology.  Despite the fact this technology is still in testing, TorGuard is not the first company to accept mainnet payments over the Lightning Network. In December, Lightning Network developer Alex Bosworth completed a mainnet transaction with mobile top-up service Bitrefill while at the company’s offices.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Microsoft Restores Bitcoin Payments after Temporary Pause Twitter  Hardware and software giant Microsoft reportedly brought back bitcoin payments after “working to ensure lower amounts would be redeemable.” Per  news.com.au,  a company spokeswoman released a statement revealing the move after working with its provider, presumably to ensure customer satisfaction wasn’t affected by the bitcoin network’s current high fees and volatility.  As reported earlier this week, Microsoft surprised the cryptocurrency community by quietly  halting bitcoin payments . The move, first reported by  Bleeping Computer , was confirmed by the company’s customer support team to CCN.  According to a company spokesperson, Microsoft seemingly decided to halt bitcoin payments in July 2017, due to “multiple issues” they were receiving. When pressed, customer support revealed a problem with processing bitcoin payments. Despite Microsoft’s move, a  how-to page  remained up its website explaining how users could top up their accounts with the cryptocurrency.  The how-to page, and the lack of an official announcement, led many to believe Microsoft restore bitcoin payments in the future. This was notably not the first time the  tech giant halted bitcoin payments , as in 2016 it announced the cryptocurrency was no longer accepted. Little after publishing the announcement, the company apologized for what it deemed “inaccurate information” and revealed the  flagship cryptocurrency would still be accepted .  This time, once again, it didn’t take long for Microsoft to restore bitcoin payments. The company’s statement reads:  “We’ve restored bitcoin as a payment option in our store after working with our provider to ensure lower bitcoin amounts would be redeemable by customers.”  Microsoft began accepting bitcoin back in 2014 via BitPay. At the time, the move was met with much fanfare, as it joined other tech giants accepting the flagship cryptocurrency. The tech giant’s move comes at a time in which JP Morgan’s chief executive, Jamie Dimon,  admitted he “regrets”  his now infamous remark from last year, when he called bitcoin a “fraud.”  The move makes it clear Microsoft isn’t following Valve’s footsteps, as its popular gaming and digital distribution platform Steam  stopped  accepting bitcoin payments due to high fees and volatility last year. Per the company, the cryptocurrency’s fees could lead to “unreasonably high costs for purchasing games with bitcoin.”  Bitcoin’s is currently trading at $13,587, down from a $15,200 high yesterday. The cryptocurrency hit an all-time high in December last year, when it came close to the $20,000 mark, according to  CCN ’s price index .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   It is Not Possible to Arbitrage South Korea’s Cryptocurrency Premiums Without Breaking Laws Twitter  In December 2017, several Chinese traders were arrested for various charges including money laundering for taking advantage of the high premium values of cryptocurrencies in the South Korean market.  The traders sold millions of dollars worth of bitcoin for profit, given the high premium rate of bitcoin in South Korea, and brought the money back to China.  High Premiums For a Reason  Regularly, with the exception of a few days per week, the premium rate of the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market increases to at least 20 percent. All cryptocurrencies listed on fiat-to-cryptocurrency exchanges in South Korea such as Bithumb and Korbit are at least 20 percent more expensive than other markets.  The disparity in the trading price of cryptocurrencies between South Korean and other leading regions is caused by the lack of volume in South Korea and the country’s extremely strict capital controls. It is not possible for foreigners to open bank accounts within the country without permanent residency visa, and it is also not legal to carry more than $10,000 worth of fiat cur rency outside of South Korea.  As such, taking advantage of the South Korean market’s premium rates is not possible. The crackdown on foreigners in trading cryptocurrencies will make it even harder for traders outside of the South Korean market to try take advantage of the arbitrage opportunity.  In South Korea, and on local exchanges, traders need three important components to trade fiat-to-cryptocurrency. A mobile phone, a bank account, and verification. Foreign traders that have claimed they have been able to open accounts on Bithumb are either not verified or not allowed to process fiat-to-cryptocurrency trades, because in order to do so, a South Korean bank account  is necessary.  South Korean banks do not even provide bank accounts to the country’s citizens that do not have a stable source of income, job security, and wealth, because of the government’s crackdown on fraudulent bank accounts and offshore accounts.   Without a South Korean bank account –which is nearly impossible for a foreign trader to open without a permanent job or residential visa in South Korea –it is extremely difficult to send bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency to South Korea, take advantage of the premium rate, sell the cryptocurrency to South Korean won, and transfer it to elsewhere.   Here ’s why it is not possible to sell  #cryptocurrency  in Korea for arbitrage.  1. Foreigners are banned from trading crypto. 2. Korean mobile phone needed. Can ’t obtain without long-term visa. (not even prepaid) 3. Extremely difficult to obtain bank accounts, even for citizens.  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  January 8, 2018  The only way it could work is to have a South Korean trader with a fully verified account as a proxy. But, that would be illegal. Sending money outside of South Korea without notifying the authorities, especially if the sum of the amount is big, is in violation of the South Korea financial authority’s capital controls and anti-money laundering (AML) policies.  Highly Inefficient and Illegal  There exists a clear reason as to why the premiums in the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market are substantially higher than other regions. South Korean investors are not foolish to purchase cryptocurrency at higher rates, they simply do not have other choices.  Conclusively, taking advantage of the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market could lead to one of these three situations: violation of AML policies and financial regulations, extremely inefficient process of physically bringing $10,000 out of the country every time an arbitrage occurs, or putting a South Korean proxy trader at risk of illicit trading and financial activity .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Kodak ’s Blockchain Moment Sees New Cryptocurrency for Photographers Twitter  Former film and camera heavyweight Kodak has announced the upcoming launch of its own cryptocurrency, dubbed KODAKCoin. An initial coin offering (ICO) is scheduled to open at the end of January.  With an official  announcement  on Tuesday, US-based Eastman Kodak revealed that KODAKCoin will be “a photo-centric cryptocurrency to empower photographers and agencies” to seize greater control of their work’s image rights.  KODAKCoin will function as a currency and the cryptographic token used to power KODAKOne, an upcoming blockchain platform that will allow photographers to register archived and new work on an encrypted digital ledger before licensing it within the platform. In essence, photographers can receive payments for selling their work, as well as pay for licensing rights with the crypto currency.  Aside from providing a new revenue stream to photographers, Kodak says its blockchain platform will engage in ‘continual web crawling’ to constantly monitor and protect the intellectual property of images registered on the platform.  In a statement, Kodak CEO Jeff Clarke said:  “For many in the tech industry, ‘blockchain’ and ‘cryptocurrency’ are hot buzzwords, but for photographers who’ve long struggled to assert control over their work and how it’s used, these buzzwords are the keys to solving what felt like an unsolvable problem. Kodak has always sought to democratize photography and make licensing fair to artists. These technologies give the photo graphy community an innovative and easy way to do just that. ”  The blockchain platform and the cryptocurrency are developed by WENN Digital, a firm partnering Kodak for the latter’s crypto endeavor.  The move to create its own cryptocurrency is a notable initiative for Kodak, a 130-year-old company that struggled to transition from a former photography giant focused on film to a digital imaging company. The New York-based company filed for bankruptcy in early 2012 before  selling  its digital imaging patents to the likes to a number of companies including Apple, Google, Facebook, Microsoft and Samsung for over $500 million to stave off bankruptcy. Kodak has since emerged as a company focused on the corporate digital emerging market.  In addition to its cryptocurrency, Kodak will launch an initial coin offering on January 31, currently open to accredited investors in a handful of select countries including the US, UK and Canada. The ICO is compliant and “issued under SEC guidelines as a security token under regulation 506 (c) as an exempt offering,” Kodak added.  News of KODAKCoin and KODAKOne’s impending launch sent the company ’s shares soaring following its announcement yesterday. Kodak shares spiked from $3.10 on Tuesday to a Wednesday high of $13.04, data from  Yahoo Finance  shows.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Beijing Court Dismisses Lawsuit Against Bitcoin Exchanges Twitter  A Beijing district court dismissed a lawsuit against a group of Chinese bitcoin exchanges, ruling that in the absence of clear evidence that exchanges are operating illegally, individuals are responsible for their own trading behavior.  As first reported in the  Beijing Morning Post , a Mr. Wang lost RMB 400,000 (~$61,500) trading bitcoin. Faced with this misfortune, Wang attempted to sue a group of bitcoin exchanges  — the most notable which was Huobi, one of the region’s largest exchanges  — to recoup his losses.  Wang argued that, under the definition laid out in the first chapter of Karl Marx’s  Das Kapital , bitcoin should not be classified as a commodity. Marx wrote that a commodity must have both use-value and exchange-value, and Wang argued that since bitcoin does not exist it fails to meet this classification. Consequently, he said, his trades should be invalidated and the exchanges should return his funds.  However, the Beijing Haidian District Court judge ruled that the plaintiff provided no evidence that Huobi and the other exchanges were operating illegally, making him responsible for the risks associated with trading bitcoin.  “[There are] no laws that forbid the investment and trading of bitcoin,” the court stated, according to a translation from  cnLedger , “people have the right to freely participate in bitcoin tradings at their own risk.”  Nevertheless, the judge cautioned, bitcoin is not issued by the government and investors should not blindly follow trends.  The ruling came just months after central bank regulators  ordered the closure  of mainland bitcoin exchanges in China as a corollary to its  blanket ban on initial coin offerings  (ICOs), which was implemented several days prior.  Some exchanges left the mainland and set up shop elsewhere. Huobi, for instance, is now headquartered in Singapore and plans to branch out into Japan, while BTCC is now based out of London.  Recently, local media outlets have reported that regulators desire to  make China less hospitable  to cryptocurrency mining, which continues to have an outsized presence in the country. While not implementing an outright ban on the practice, they appear likely to ask local governments and utility providers to cease giving mining companies preferential treatment such as reduced electricity rates and tax incentives.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ripple Price Plunges 20% But Ethereum Continues to Rise in Shaky Market Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets made a bearish pivot on Wednesday, plunging nine of the 10 largest cryptocurrencies into negative territory. The ripple price bore the brunt of the blow and fell 20 percent to sink below the $2 mark, but the damage was not isolated to XRP. Ethereum, meanwhile, continued to advance toward record highs in spite of the poor performance of the wider marke ts.  Altogether, the combined value of all cryptocurrencies shed more than $28 billion, a four percent decline that reduced the  cryptocurrency market cap  to $700.3 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Drops Below $14,000  The  bitcoin price  posted yet another disappointing return following its weekend surge to $17,252, declining six percent to $13,789 on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex. At present, bitcoin ’s global average is holding just above $14,000, which translates into a market cap of $235.4 billion.  24-Hour Bitcoin Price Chart  Ethereum Price Continues to Float in a Heavy Market  The  ethereum price  continued its nearly weeklong trend of posting moderate increases as the wider markets tumble, and the second largest cryptocurrency briefly  surpassed the $1,400 mark  on several major exchanges. At present, ethereum is trading at $1,281 on Bitfinex, which constitutes a daily gain of six percent and places ethereum ’s market cap at $125.6 billion.  24-Hour Ethereum Price Chart  Ripple Price Plunges 20 Percent  Ripple ’s XRP, however, was not so lucky. The  ripple price  plunged by 20 percent on Wednesday, which was worst among top 10-cryptocurrencies. On Bittrex, the ripple price careened to a present value of $1.89, which was equivalent to its global average (excluding South Korea). Ripple now has a market cap of just $73.3 billion, placing it more than $50 billion behind ethereum in the race to achieve the second largest cryptocurrency valuation.  24-Hour Ripple Price Chart  Top Altcoins Engage in Near-Comprehensive Retreat  Although ripple ’s 20 percent decline was most severe among top-tier coins, its poor performance was far from an isolated concurrence. Apart from ethereum, every top 10-cryptocurrency returned a single-day decline, and several saw their prices fall by double-digit percentages.   The bitcoin cash price weathered the storm better than most, declining just one percent to $2,346. The cardano price, however, dove by 15 percent, which was second-worst among top 10-coins. Litecoin managed to stop the bleeding at four percent, which enabled it to wrestle the fifth spot in the rankings away from NEM, whose price dropped by 13 percent.  Stellar, ranked eighth, was unable to capitalize on NEM ’s misfortune because its price declined by 14 percent to $0.53. IOTA and EOS did not do much better, falling six percent and five percent to bring their prices to respective values of $3.41 and $8.71.  Dash, meanwhile, declined by four percent but successfully held its price above the psychologically-significant $1,000 mark.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Price Achieves New All-Time High at $1,410, Market Shifts From Ripple to Ether Twitter  Ethereum (Ether) has solidified its position as the second most valuable cryptocurrency in the market as it overtook Ripple (XRP) by a staggering $60 billion within a five-day period.   Ether Benefits From Ripple’s Downfall  Since January 4, the market valuation of Ripple decreased from $148 billion to $73 billion, falling by nearly 2-fold in a single week. On the contrary, the market valuation of Ethereum surged from $85 billion to $135 billion, recording yet another 15 percent increase in value today, on January 10.  The recent surge in the price of Ethereum can be largely attributed to the sell-off of XRP, which was likely triggered by the market’s concerns over the sudden spike in the market valuation of Ripple. The harsh criticism of Ripple by analysts such as ConsenSys entrepreneur-in-residence Ryan Selkis could also have led to the decline in confidence towards Ripple.  On December 29, Selkis noted that the majority of Ripple’s partner banks are not actually utilizing the Ripple network to process billions of dollars on a regular basis. Given that the transaction volume of Ripple and its network of banks can be only two factors that could possibly justify its market cap, the market’s interest in Ripple decreased in the short-term.  Selkis wrote:  “Per a source at one of the major banks re XRP: ‘I know of no banks that are a) using it, or b) would touch it in any way as it is controlled by a SV company and 20% of all XRP in existence were taken by the founders.  The product that Ripple are offering to banks is simply a point-to-point messaging tool with some smart cryptography underneath to ensure that transactions are atomic. The liquidity model used is the same as correspondent banking.”  In response to the criticism of Selkis and Nathaniel Poppers of The New York Times that banks are not utilizing the Ripple network to settle large volumes of transactions, Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse firmly stated that there are several banks regularly using the xRapid platform of Ripple to process payments at a large-scale.  “Over the last few months I’ve spoken with actual banks and payment providers. They are indeed planning to use xRapid (our XRP liquidity product) in a serious way. This is a sampling of what I heard:  We ran the costs on our end and see that this is 100 percent more efficient than what we’re doing now. The xRapid pilots all went perfectly. This is much more efficient than our process today. We’d like to move forward with xRapid today. This [XRP] is a much more efficient way to send money across borders than what we typically use today. There are plenty of small to medium sized banks out there that are hit hard by fees. They’d jump at the opportunity to send money directly and bypass those fees. ”  Still, regardless of the statement of Garlinghouse, the value of Ripple has fallen drastically over the past week and as a consequence, Ethereum has benefited from the shift in interest from XRP to the rest of the cryptocurrency market.  Ethereum’s Market Cap Can be Justified  Ethereum remains as one of the few blockchain networks that has a justifiable market valuation. Decentralized applications building on top of Ethereum such as CryptoKitties, 0x, EtherDelta, Status, and OmiseGo have obtained a large user base of actual users that process hundreds of thousands of transactions on a daily basis.  In the short-term, it is likely that the upward price trend of Ether will continue, as decentralized applications on the network perform well.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Community Is the Key to Breaking Search Engine Monopoly Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  This search monopoly can only be broken when the market witnesses the era of decentralisation coupled with the power of blockchain.  Presearch.org  is trying to make a difference in this arena with the beta version of Presearch, the blockchain based decentralised search engine already in place. As a competitor to giants like Google, Presearch is making its mark by offering comprehensive results from major search engines, giving customers an element of choice. As a community centric project, they plan to add to their user b ase  ten thousand more users by January 2018. The project will function as a goto search engine for crypto community and the general public. The Presearch crowdsale token buyers are also a part of this growing community that are experiencing a new gateway to the Internet.  Tokens foster participation, reward use  Imagine using a search engine of search engines, that can search through Google, Amazon, DuckDuckGo and other platforms in just one go but then also be rewarded to make the search. Presearch’s beta testers are already getting rewards of 8 PRE tokens per day. The Presearch (PRE) tokens will also be given out for running the Presearch browser extension, that will allow for crawli ng and indexing nodes to create the Presearch index as users surf web. This also solves problems associated with crawling and potential webmaster blocks. The token would reward community initiatives but also foster regular use.   The Presearch Token (PRE)  was successfully launched after the t oken sale  was concluded and more than US$ 16 mln raised in revenue. Now Presearch are deploying a strategy which they call the ‘gamification of search’. The token will not only be used to reward use and community contribution buy will go beyond that and will also be used for sponsorships and promotional placements. Partners who provide traffic would be rewarded using PRE. Members would  even be able to reward other members on the platform and thus it would be possible to encourage projects to be created based on the ecosystem created around PRE. Beta testers are invited to register at the Presearch  website  for signing up, while contributors can already explore  sharing their talents .  Some Facts and Figures about Presearch  Presearch is not your average search engine but it is based on the pillars of openness and transparency. It is an enabling platform that gives the power back to content creators, publishers as well as users. Driven by the community there is a high degree of democratisation at Presearch, which ensures that fairness is front and centre and no compromise about the cost of quality  content, which always gets the priority. Presearch.org is making rapid strides, Cointelegraph was informed that the project should have 25,000 users by end of Q1 2018 and by that time frame one million searches per month would be made by these users. Already 50 percent of beta users of Presearch have converted into being daily users and are generating more than 20 page views ea ch per day on average. The ranks of community are set to swell as there are 2,000 beta testers who are already waiting to test the search engine. Support is pouring in from advertisers as well, as we were informed by a Presearch.org spokesperson that discussions are on with major corporate brands include a high profile crypto company.   It takes a village to raise a search engine  Building a search engine is no small feat. The right people can make the difference. That is why industry leaders such as Rich Skrenta, the co-founder of the Open Directory Project (DMOZ) and Trey Grainger, author of Solr, the no. 1 book on open source search technology are already onboard the Presearch advisory team. It will be an uphill task for Presearch to take a slice of t he US$ 100 bln search market but with the efforts of the community that they are forging, it is quite practicable for them to leverage their approach of combining blockchain and search and make a success out of it.   Search needs community  Presearch as a project is community oriented and will allow for a search engine that is run through the inputs and skills of the community that surrounds it. In a press release made available to Cointelegraph they claim, “The vision is to create a platform that enables various constituents in the community to participate in the creation and ongoing maintenance of the search eng ine through an open source framework that will allow anyone to audit the code and ensure the platform is being operated in a fair and transparent way.” The search engine would benefit from skills of data scientists, subject matter experts and others who would all be able to use their unique skill sets to supplement the core index. This will ensure that the end product is more i ntelligent, relevant and user friendly.  
INCREASE	   The Pros and Cons of Bitcoin Gambling Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  According to  CCN , Bitcoin’s value is now almost $14,000. With this cryptocurrency’s quick and steady growth, it has become a viable digital currency. In fact, it is now widely accepted by a lot of shops, both online and offline. However, it’ not only used in purchasing services and goods but also in gambling.  Gambling is such a big industry that, in 2016, people in the US have lost $116.9 billion on casinos. Experts predict that this number will increase now that the betting industry has established a strong hold in the online world, and cryptocurrencies like the Bitcoin is making online transactions quicker and easier.  If you are looking for a  Bitcoin casino , you’ll have no trouble looking for one. But before you sign up, make a deposit, and place your first bet, it’s advisable that you first understand the pros and cons of bitcoin gambling.   Here are the pros of bitcoin gambling:  It’s anonymous.  The best thing about blockchain technology is that it keeps its users anonymous. This means that when you make transactions with the casino, they won’t get any personal information from you. The money you pay can’t be traced back to you either.   It’s secure.  Unlike credit card payments,  Bitcoin payments are safer  because you don’t need to go through a third party payment facility. It’ll be just like paying actual money in a real Vegas casino, except it’s online.   It has smaller fees.  You can directly send bitcoins from your wallet to the casino’s. Since the casino doesn’t need the help of a third party payment facility, they don’t have to charge high transaction fees anymore.   Here are the cons of bitcoin gambling:   Its value fluctuates.  We all know that the price of Bitcoin has been going up and low from time to time. If the price isn’t steady, then you might get little when you convert your fiat currency to Bitcoin. For example, if the price of Bitcoin goes up as compared to the Dollar, you’ll need to spend more Dollars to get a fixed amount of Bitcoins to pay for your casino betting.   It requires expert knowledge.   While some of us already has some experience in transacting with Bitcoin, a lot of people still don’t know how. This is because you need some technical know-how to compute the currency and securely store it in a wallet. You also need to be time to learn how to transfer your Bitcoins to the casino as payment.   Now that you know the pros and cons of bitcoin gambling, do you think it’s a cool idea to use the cryptocurrency to bet? If you know a great deal about Bitcoin, then you will find that it is the most convenient payment option for online gambling. In fact, when you think about it, cryptocurrency can create a sustainable working relation with online gambling markets. Online casinos promote their use, and they can help create the most secure transactions.   
INCREASE	   ¥300 Million: Japan’s First Crypto Fund to Invest in Bitcoin, Cryptocurrencies Twitter  Japanese financial information provider Fisco will launch a cryptocurrency fund worth over300 million yen ($2.66 million) to invest in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies this month.  Tokyo-based Fisco, a research and information prover covering stocks, foreign exchanges, bonds and commodities within and beyond Japan, is set to open an investment fund specific to cryptocurrencies. According to a  Nikkei  report, the information provider will invest its own money aside from raising capital from other two unnamed publicly-listed FinTech companies with a launch target of over 300 million yen (approx. $2.66 million).  The first-of-its-kind fund in Japan will focus on investments in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies and is reportedly set to launch before the end of January. Fisco is aiming for a target of 20% in investment returns from the fund, every year.  Further, the fund will also seek to make profits through arbitrage opportunities by looking into price differentials of cryptocurrencies among domestic and foreign exchanges.  Fisco has been an early mover in researching and adopting cryptocurrencies. Earlier in August 2017, the information provider’s cryptocurrency unit issued three-year debt worth 200 bitcoins (approx. $800,000 at the time), to another firm under the Fisco group. Fisco’s chief product officer Masayuki Tashiro revealed the intent of the cryptocurrency debt sale was to explore the bi tcoin bonds’ potential as a viable fundraising tool. The deal, also thought to be the first of its kind in the country, followed legislation in April that effectively recognized bitcoin as a legal method of payment in the country.  Tashiro said at the time:  “We expect that bitcoin will eventually be recognized as a financial product.”  If bitcoin were to be included as a financial instrument under local laws, it would boost Fisco’s business with new financial offerings. “[I]f we play a role of arranger, we could earn fees,” Tashiro added.  Fisco isn’t alone in having bullish expectations for bitcoin as a financial instrument in Japan. MUFG, Japan’s largest financial institution, is gearing to  launch a service  to secure bitcoin adopters against losses suffered by cryptocurrency exchanges. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust, the group’s trust bank, has already applied for relevant patents and is geared for a tentative launch in April 2018, after Japan’s financial regulator recognizes bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as financial assets akin to securities and real estate that can be placed and se cured in a trust.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Blockchain Technology Unlocks New Sources of Income: Get Paid to Browse Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  One of the more interesting aspects of the rise of cryptotechnology is not just the investment potential or the ease and privacy of use, but also the new possibilities it offers for a wide range of activities. Put simply, there are new business models and kinds of interaction possible now that were impossible before  – blockchain technology offers both quantitative as well as qualitative advantages.  This is coming at a very opportune time. At the moment the pace of technological change is rapid, and we will soon see a new breed of blockchain-native solution come to the fore. Consider for example the Big Data revolution. Companies use analytics to make ever-more precise models of consumer behaviour and persona.   This is a marketer’s dream, allowing product development and advertisement to accurately resonate with the customer. This is the dynamic that underpins Google’s success, and in many ways data is very important to the world economy..  So why don’t more people know about the value of data? This is because of the difficulty of selling data. By its very nature, data is hard to put a value on, it is hard to gather (since it is spread over multiple platforms), and it is hard to manage. This means that while there is a lot of value generated while you use the internet, only a very small percentage can be successfu lly sold to researchers  – and furthermore this process is controlled by a few small companies.  This looks set to change thanks to Blockchain technology. As mentioned, blockchain can be a game changer in that it enables more secure and complex online transactions. A project called  Data Wallet  is looking to harness these features of blockchain technology to allow internet users to easily make money from going about their business online.   Why data is so tricky  Despite the value inherent in user data, until now it has been an underdeveloped asset. As things stand, most data is collected and sold by data brokerages. This usually does not result in any payment to the data creator, since the data is usually spread over multiple different sources of data which makes a convenient marketplace almost impossible.  Furthermore, this results in a poorer quality product for the data consumers. Since the data is fragmented in different sources, the companies trying to gain insight into consumer behaviour can’t easily identify exactly which data matches with which user across platforms. So they use probabilistic modelling to get a rough idea of what each data creator actually does.  This is made more difficult since privacy concerns limit what identifiers can be sold with the data. Take for example a financial planning or banking app. The owner of the app might want to sell on the user generated data to a marketing firm. However, because the privacy conditions in the T+Cs of the app, things like your age or the city you live in will not be shared.  And this is for good reason, since privacy is important. But what if you could allow users to control what data was being sold? Then they could opt to share more for payment if they wanted to. And it would give them a slice of the value that is being exchanged on brokerages anyway.  Ending disenfranchisement of data creators  The creators of Data Wallet saw the ways that blockchain technology can solve this problem. Firstly, blockchains are ideal for managing the kinds of complex micropayments needed for paying for data. Secondly, the decentralized nature of blockchain allows users to aggregate their data across silos and create a complete profile that can be sold to data consumers. Also, the smart- contract ready nature of the technology means that the whole process can be managed easily by the user themselves, while also facilitating payment.  A platform preparing for takeoff  Data Wallet  has been in development for a couple of years, and the design of the platform and its underlying token (DXT), as well as a mobile app and the marketplace has been in the making since then. Well-known VC Tim Draper is one of the founders, which should give a lot of confidence to users and investors. The whitelist pre-sale of the DXT token is coming soon.  
INCREASE	   AppCoins Protocol Allows Direct Rewards to Users for Attention and In-App Purchases Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Every significant disruption often serves as an eye-opener to the affected community, rendering previous systems redundant and exposing existing flaws therein.  Google play and the Apple store have been the darlings of commercial apps society until Blockchain technology is now leading the community to more efficient and cost effective ways for developers and app users to enjoy more benefits of the industry.  The bane of middlemen  Such platforms as mentioned above and other non-popular systems have served as intermediaries between app developers and users, playing roles of interfaces that permit end users to download and use these apps while charging fees for the services they render. Apparently, the cost of these services are borne by the developers and users as they are implicated into the billing fabric.  Eliminating middlemen is a  trademark characteristic of Blockchain technology  and this is enabled by bringing everyone who is involved in a given project, either as a developer of a user to a common platform where they can interact directly and share value at the minimal cost.  AppCoins  is no different as it is a protocol that is designed with the goal of creating a transparent and trustworthy app economy where users can directly access the app stores without unnecessary middlemen. This  protocol creates a shared ecosystem among all app stores, aiming to be a game changer in the industry, making all processes more transparent and more profitable for anyone involved, from developer to the end user and even the manufacturers.  A new system emerges  The AppCoins protocol is aimed at replacing the existing CPI (Cost Per Installation) system with a more effective CPA (Cost Per Attention) system. This innovation will eliminate middlemen and allow the developer to reward users directly, for spending a minimum of 2 minutes inside the app. It will also discourage the the rude advertising systems of mostly unwanted pop-ups on user platforms.  The system will also allow rewards earned by users to be stored in their wallets and will be available to use for In-App purchases. Also, not only will acquiring new users be cheaper than before, but developers will get 85% share of what users spend on in-game purchases, comparing to the existing 70%.  An existing marketplace  The creators of  AppCoins , Aptoide have one of the largest app stores worldwide dedicated to the users of Android-powered devices. This is an automatically huge market that world provide an implementation environment for the AppCoin tokens. With over 12,000 developers and 200 million users signed up, Aptoide app store has witnessed over 4 billion app downloads, and it has entered into partnerships with some of the leading mobile phone manufacturers. Its global presence as an Android marketplace has given the App Store valuable insights with regard to the needs of the current app store model, leading it to develop a solution that could bring unforeseen value to users, developers and manufacturers.  The growth of mobile technology is powered by the app economy. The Android platform has proved itself as one of the most important innovations of the era of mobile technology. Combining this system with the emerging blockchain technology is an innovation whose benefits would apparently know no limits.   Efficiency, cost effectiveness, trust and transparency are fundamental elements that are needed in the emerging tech markets. Combining these elements with the  market spread offered by Aptoide, and the the liquidity and flexibility of the  AppCoin  tokens presents the ecosystem with a solution that will be embraced by all.  
INCREASE	   Next Up, Paying Uncle Sam Taxes in Bitcoin Twitter  The ink is barely dry on President Trump ’s tax legislation, and a new bill has surfaced in Arizona that kicks things up another notch. The bill proposes using bitcoin to pay state income taxes, and it was submitted by Senators Warren Petersen and David Farnsworth as well as Reps. Travis Grantham and Jeff Weninger, all of whom are Republicans.  SB 1091 , whose short title is  “income tax payments; bitcoin, ” was introduced on in recent days. While the bill is specific to the state of Arizona, if it takes off, there could be a push for federal adoption of a similar policy.  In addition to paying the old-fashioned way, by check, the bill suggests:  “A payment gateway, such as bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies, using electronic peer-to-peer systems. The Department shall convert cryptocurrency payments to US dollars at the prevailing rate within 24 hours after receipt and shall credit the taxpayer ’s account with the converted dollar amount. ”  The risk of doing so, of course, is tied to the volatility in the bitcoin price. For instance, the bitcoin price in 2017 ranged from $1,000 at the start of the year, to nearly $20,000 before finishing year-end at around $13,000.  Indeed, bitcoin surged by  “quadruple digits ” in 2017, and as long as it continues to do so will work in the state of Arizona ’s favor. But in the event of a correction, that exposes the state to possibly getting the short-end of the stick, unless they have some hedging features integrated into the payments system, which is the approach taken by blockchain-based P2P lender Salt Lending.  Arizona is not the maiden US state to pursue the use of cryptocurrencies for tax payments. Last year at about this time, New Hampshire policymakers submitted a similar bill designed to allow the use of bitcoin to pay taxes. That bill never saw the light of day, however, after overwhelmingly getting shot down. Policymakers took one year-plus to vote on the predecessor bill, and  if it takes that long for the latest attempt the bitcoin price could be in a different stratosphere.  Meanwhile, Arizona is somewhat progressive when it comes to new technology. Governor Doug Ducey, for instance,  supports a sharing economy,  even taking a spin in a Google self-driving car. He also signed a law in 2016 supporting blockchain and smart contracts for sales, leases, etc., perhaps seemingly setting the stage for a deeper push into cryptocurrencies. Nevada, meanwhile,  “recognizes blockchain and smart contract technologies, ” they were also the maiden state to  “ban local governments from taxing blockchain use. ”  Each state will likely take its own stance on cryptocurrencies, and more bills similar to the Arizona one could surface throughout the year, with the possible amalgamation of such policies being introduced at the federal level, someday.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Korea’s Justice Ministry Softens Crypto Exchange Ban Proposal after Backlash Twitter  The South Korean Justice Ministry has backpedaled somewhat on its proposal to brazenly shut down all domestic cryptocurrency exchanges following a public statement by the country’s Presidential Office.  Earlier today, South Korea’s Ministry of Justice organized a press conference wherein Justice Minister Park Seng-ki spoke of drawing up legislation to shutter local crypto exchanges in the country. The move would effectively halt trading of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin in the Korean market which resembled “gambling and speculation,” Park said in his briefing.  The official’s remarks have seen a backlash from everyday citizens petitioning – some 71,000 signatures and counting  – against the proposed ban to such an extent that Korea’s Presidential office, through its chief press secretary, moved to issue a statement stressing that the proposed ban was “not a finalized decision.”  The Justice’s Ministry’s proposed ban hasn’t found support from within the government either. “We do not share the same views as the Ministry of Justice on a potential cryptocurrency exchange ban,” read an official statement from the government’s Ministry of Strategy and Finance.  Following the Presidential office’s public message, the Justice Ministry has since softened its stance on its ban proposal, to an extent. Stressing that it intends to complete the draft the cryptocurrency trading closure bill, the Justice Ministry  said :  “The ministry has been preparing a special law to shut down all cryptocurrency exchanges, but we will push for it after careful consideration with related government agencies.”  As  reported  in December, any proposal to a blanket ban was certain to meet opposition within governmental ranks and it remains to be seen what curbs are to be enforced on Korea’s local cryptocurrency ecosystem, if any.  Elsewhere, South Korea’s primary financial regulator – the Financial Services Commission (FSC), is also unlikely to support any blanket ban on cryptocurrency trading. The regulator has long insisted on introducing regulations for the industry that will see licenses granted to bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchanges. “The government will push for the systemization of digital curren cy on a full scale in tandem with a global trend in the U.S., Japan and other countries,” said FSC chairman Yim Jong-yong in late 2016 when setting out to  introduce embracive regulations .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ukraine Will Regulate Bitcoin, Considers Issuing State Cryptocurrency Twitter  Ukrainian authorities have formed a working group comprised of major government watchdogs, authorities and the central bank to introduce ‘comprehensive regulation’ of the cryptocurrency sector.  A  statement  released by Ukraine’s security council yesterday reveals a prolonged discussion on the advent of cryptocurrencies in Ukraine during a meeting centered on matters related to the security and defense of the state. Participants of the meeting, which included National Security and Defense Council Secretary Oleksandr Turchynov, specifically ‘considered a complex of problems related  to the uncontrolled circulation of cryptocurrencies’ in Ukraine.  Vehemently stating that a lack of oversight into the use of cryptocurrencies “poses a threat to the economy and security of the state,” Turchynov remarked:  “Given the rapid development of cryptocurrencies in the world, this issue cannot be left out of the state’s attention. ”  To this end, senior Ukrainian officials are establishing a working group of market regulators, financial authorities and watchdogs to develop legally compatible proposals to regulate cryptocurrencies, have broader oversight into the cryptocurrency market, monitor transactions ‘with the use of  “cryptography’ and identify participants in cryptocurrency transactions. In addition, the working group will also work taxing adopters gaining income in cryptocurrency payments.  “Moreover,” the statement continued, “the authorities were assigned to develop a mechanism for ensuring access of law enforcement bodies to the data of cryptocurrency exchanges with the obligation of the given subjects to store information about all transactions within the period established by law for financial institutions and disclosure of customer information on a motivated  request.”  The working group will specifically comprise of representatives from National Bank of Ukraine, the Ministry of Finance of Ukraine, the National Securities and Stock Market Commission of Ukraine, the SSU, the National Police of Ukraine, the State Financial Monitoring Service of Ukraine, the State Fiscal Service of Ukraine and the State Service for Special Communications and Info rmation Protection of Ukraine.  The statement added:  “The development and implementation of all these measures will also include boosting international cooperation to establish a comprehensive regulation of the cryptocurrencies circulation and to avoid the criminalization of this segment. ”  Curiously, the statement also hinted at the development of a state cryptocurrency.  It read:  “The National Bank of Ukraine is considering the relevance of establishing its own cryptocurrency. ”  Ukraine’s central bank has already confirmed its intention to  establish a definitive regulatory framework  for cryptocurrencies in the country, a move that would “develop a common position on the legal status of Bitcoin and its regulation,” read a notice from the central bank in mid-2017.  Featured image from Shutterstock.     
INCREASE	   Blockchain Insider: FarmaTrust CEO on Saving Lives with Blockchain Technology Twitter  Blockchain Insider is a new column dedicated to interviewing leaders in the blockchain world. These include founders, traditional industry veterans turned ICO participants and everything in-between. The weekly interviews will cover a wide range of questions and try to explore the motivation behind blockchain-based ideas and the problems blockchain technology is being used to so lve.  A more recent trend emerging within the blockchain industry is the use and application of blockchain technology for social and humanitarian needs. The power of the blockchain is that it is essentially is borderless, scalable, and can be implemented across sectors.  FarmaTrust  is one such example. Using blockchain technology, FarmaTrust will disrupt the pharmaceutical supply chain industry, ensuring counterfeit medications are not sold or consumed around the world. From a commercial perspective, their tech stack is highly adaptable and can be immediately used by governments, NGOs, and regulators to help enhance their tracking and supply chain capabi lities.  FarmaTrust ’s CEO, Raja Sharif, took time to explain how FarmaTrust was started and provide more details on how they are looking to revolutionize the pharmaceutical industry using blockchain technology.  1. Tell us a little bit about yourself:   I am British, trained as a barrister, and have worked as head of legal for some of the largest international tech and telecoms brands. I worked in Doha Qatar, and before leaving I spent 5 years in commercial management, launching digital channels of Al Jazeera.  I also lived in San Francisco launching AJ+, the most viewed millennial digital channel in the world, and Istanbul to launch Al Jazeera Turk (Digital).  2. Quite the international background. How did you get involved with blockchain technology?  Since I am a lawyer, a few years ago I read about “smart contracts” and how lawyers would no longer be required. As I investigated it more and started to become curious about blockchain technologies. I invested in the DOA project to see how the concept would work.  Then, due to a distant family member being sick overseas, I came across the fact that there were significant counterfeit drugs in circulation. Having done my research, the extent to which can be seen in our  whitepaper , thought that blockchain would be the ideal solution to save lives.  3. What makes FarmaTrust different from competitors, such as Ambrosus?  First, we would like to make it clear that we take a collaborative approach to our business and project. We believe not only is there commercial profit to be made from this system, but it is one of the few companies that is there to service society. After all, we have a strong conviction that our project will save lives.  We also believe that the market is of a significant size to accommodate a number of companies (just like all the other commercial sectors). Over time, the companies that innovate and are able to serve the pharmaceutical companies as well as the public will win through.  In terms of competitive advantage, we believe we have the following advantages:  1. We focus on nothing other than the pharmaceutical supply chain. Our system was designed for the pharma industry from the beginning. We understand the regulations that apply, the issues that they face, and we have solutions for the supply chain participants.  2. Our system does not require any new hardware or software to work with our blockchain product. We are also tech neutral, so it doesn’t matter what systems companies are using.  3. We can work in the developed and emerging markets. In the developed markets we plug into existing ERP systems. In the emerging markets (where manual paper records are still used) we have a number of different smart phone Apps which can scan labels and collect data for us. We incentivize the pharmacies, hospitals, and warehouses in the emerging world, by giving free accounting and stock control software services, and in return we get data.  4. Our system can allow for automated payments, automated audits and automated regulatory reporting (our system is regulatory neutral).  5. Our system provides different data dashboards for different institutions (pharmaceutical, ministries of health, regulators, logistics). Each can be provided with different data consoles. This ensures that there is transparency throughout the SCM.  6. FarmaTrust can be used to automatically notify law enforcement (eg Interpol) if there are a lot of counterfeits found in a particular area and will help avoid corruption on the black market.  7. We see ourselves as a data company, so that we when we have enough data, we can use predictive supplies, so that medicines are sent to places where and when they are needed.  8. We can also use our system to avoid waste for the pharmaceutical industry, through expired drugs, and also avoid returns fraud which is endemic in the pharma industry.  9. We are also sensor neutral, so we can scan labels, but we can also use environmental sensors to ensure that medicines are kept at the correct temperature – again, avoiding waste.  10. Farmatrust is future proof. Since we are system agnostic, and we can use any edge computing sensors, we can innovate quickly and regularly, which ensures our longevity.  11. Finally, we are the only company which provides the end user with the ability to check the medicines prior to purchase to ensure that they are genuine, ensuring confidence for ecommerce.  4. What is the biggest problem currently in the pharmaceutical industry?  Currently, people are not aware of the size of the problem. It’s a $200 billion counterfeit industry (the total market is worth $1.3 trillion) and between 500,000 and 1 million people die yearly because of fake drugs.  The pharmaceutical industry is extremely conservative and innovation on the tech side is seen with some trepidation. This stalls the potential to disrupt the industry, along with a significant number of participants in the supply chain mechanism which do not want change  5. What does 2018 have in store for you guys?  In 2018, we will have our first batch of customers who will trial the system. This includes the deployment of our mobile applications and the continued development of our API ecosystem.  6. What are the 3 most important lessons you could give aspiring blockchain entrepreneurs?  First, research everything you do in depth. Second, be decisive. Third, be determined.  Disclaimer: The author has had a working or personal relationship with FarmaTrust in the past. Access to FarmaTrust management was made through the author’s personal network.   
INCREASE	   ‘Next Coin to Surge ’: Stellar Price Soars 28% after Hedge Fund Manager Pump Twitter  The stellar price surged 28 percent after cryptoasset hedge fund manager and CNBC contributor Brian Kelly said that XLM could be the  “next coin to surge. ”  Stellar Price Leaps 28 Percent  The stellar price entered 2018 knee-deep in a  breakneck 338 percent rally , rising as high as $0.92 on Jan. 4 after trading at $0.21 just one week prior. Ultimately, however, XLM failed to reach dollar parity, and the token endured a 53 percent correction that reduced its price below $0.44 on Jan. 11 during intraday trading.  On Friday, however, the stellar price leaped out of its week-long rut and began to scale the charts more quickly than any other top 10-cryptocurrency, save EOS. At present, the stellar price is trading at $0.68 on Bittrex, which represents a single-day increase of 28 percent and a 50 percent increase from its intraday low. Stellar now has a $12.4 billion market cap, which makes  it the eighth-largest cryptocurrency according to this metric.  XLM Price Chart  A plurality of stellar ’s trading volume is located on Binance, a rapidly-expanding cryptocurrency exchange that reportedly registered 240,000 users in a single hour earlier in the week. At present, more than 43 percent of all XLM trading is concentrated on this exchange, where stellar ’s token trades against BTC, ETH, and BNB. Bittrex and Poloniex comprise the majority of the remaining XLM volume.  Source: CoinMarketCap  XRP ’s Tailwinds and a CNBC Pump  The surge coincided with a  CNBC segment  in which contributor Brian Kelly  — who also founded the BKCM Digital Asset Fund  — forecast on live television that stellar could be the  “next coin to surge. ”  However, the rally could also be partially tied to the 18 percent bounce that ripple received after money transfer service MoneyGram announced that it would  adopt the XRP token  in an open-ended trial.  While ripple and stellar are completely separate projects  — apart from sharing a co-founder in Jed McCaleb  — stellar has tended to ride ripple ’s tailwinds in recent weeks, perhaps because it is (rightly or wrongly) viewed by some investors as a  “poor man ’s XRP. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Portuguese Bank Santander Totta Blocks Bitcoin-Related Transactions Twitter  Banco Santander Totta, the Portuguese branch of Spanish bank Santander, is reportedly halting bitcoin-related transactions, according to  local publication ECO . Per the publication, the bank has recently started blocking transactions from various cryptocurrency exchanges, claiming these exchanges are transacting in non-regulated financial products.  In an email the bank sent to a client who complained he couldn’t transfer funds from the San-Francisco based exchange Coinbase to his bank account, the bank stated that Coinbase is an entity dedicated to buying and selling digital currencies, and that Santander Totta doesn’t transact operations related to unregulated digital currencies, meaning the clients’ transactions would n ever go through.  According to ECO, a who client managed to speak with a bank employee through a personalized service dubbed “Superlinha” claims the employee confirmed the existence of an internal directive to block transfers using Coinbase’s IBAN. On social media, the issue has seemingly been initially brought up near the end of 2017, a few days before Christmas. In response, various users simp ly changed banks.  Coinbase isn’t the only platform Santander Totta is refusing to process transactions from. Earlier this week, a Facebook user revealed that Bitstamp wasn’t an option for Santander Totta’s clients, as Bitstamp informed him that the bank wasn’t processing transactions that “originate from bitcoin-related businesses.”   The blockade doesn’t seem to be complete, however, as various reportedly manage to send and receive funds from other cryptocurrency exchanges such as Kraken. Others, in an attempt to bypass Santader Totta’s move, have been omitting the recipient’s name when transferring the funds. Notably, Santander Totta reportedly processes transaction in Ripple’s XRP token.  As reported by CCN, Portugal’s central bank, Bank of Portugal, has in the past stated that  bitcoin has no legal tender in the country , nor a central authority controlling it. Nevertheless, there are several digital currency organizations in the European Union the financial regulator authorizes, and  Coinbase is one of them .  In an attempt to know more, ECO contacted the central bank, which didn’t address Santander Totta’s blockade, but instead just restated that bitcoin has no central authority controlling it, and that, given the lack of regulations, no cryptocurrency-related business has to register with the financial institution.  A few banks in the country, including Banco CTT, Caixa Geral de Depósitos, and Novo Banco revealed potential clients can use their services to transfer to and from regulated cryptocurrency exchanges.  Others, including Montepio and BPI, refused to comment, although various users claim no transactions are blocked. As reported by CCN, Portugal is a country that wants to  tax bitcoin users  despite a lack of regulations, and in which the  Securities Market Commission (CMVM) is supervising banks and brokerages  on the “bitcoin euphoria.”  Last year,  Bank of Portugal issued a warning against OneCoin , the purported altcoin scheme widely seen as a scam The country’s Finance Minister and Eurogroup president Mário Centeno, as reported, has stated he is confident  regulators are overseeing bitcoin’s impact .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Korea ’s Opposition Party Rallies Against Proposed Cryptocurrency Trading Ban Twitter  As recently  reported by CCN , the cryptocurrency market took a hit after the South Korea Ministry of Justice revealed it plans to continue drafting a cryptocurrency trading ban bill. The market soon  started to recover , after the South Korea Ministry of Strategy and Finance came forward and stated that it does not support nor agree with the Ministry of Justice’s ban proposal.  Any draft legislation would require the parliament’s approval, which could take months to happen. Moreover, the timing seems odd at best, with local elections upcoming this year. Cryptocurrencies are popular in South Korea, so much so that a  petition opposing the potential ban  already gathered nearly 100,000 signatures.  Several South Korean opposition parties, according to local news outlet  Hani , took advantage of the trading ban fiasco, by pointing out that instead of cracking down on cryptocurrency exchanges, regulations should be drafted, and that there should be “detailed review and coordination” on the subject.  A spokesperson for an opposition party notably pointed out that a lot of people lost money because of the government’s announcement. The spokesperson said (roughly translated):  “The government announcement should be based on detailed reviews and coordination. If there is a problem, we should warn and prepare in advance, the behavior we showed today was the opposite.”  The spokesperson further added that if there is the possibility of tax evasion through cryptocurrency trading, that possibility should be discussed so as to arrange a “taxation plan as soon as possible,” similarly implying a ban on cryptocurrency exchanges isn’t the right move.  Per the opposition party, the fear, uncertainty and doubt (FUD) spread by the South Korean Ministry of Justice unfairly punished local investors and effectively turned them into “gamblers” in what it deemed a policy of seclusion.  Taking into account that “a lot of people’s property has evaporated,” the spokesperson added that president Moon Jae-in should “apologize to the people and take appropriate measures.” Given the backlash, that saw petitions being filed and opposition parties rally against the move, South Korea’s Ministry of Justice  softened its stance on the ban  proposal to an extent.  South Korea’s primary financial regulator, the Financial Services Commission (FSC), is unlikely to support a ban, as it has long insisted on introducing regulations that will see cryptocurrency exchanges be granted licenses. In 2016,  FSC chairman Yim Jong-yong stated  that the government would push for the “systemization of digital currency on a full scale in tandem with a global trend in the U.S., Japan and other countries.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   China ’s Bitcoin Miners Begin Exodus amid Government Crackdown Twitter  Some news reports have started to emerge indicating that China may discourage  bitcoin mining  operations in the country by curbing their access to electricity. The move, however, may not affect all miners as the People’s Bank of China has only laid down a plan affecting  a small subset  of all mining companies in a meeting held on January 3, 2018. Part of the plan also involves keeping track of the  electricity consumed  by such large-scale operations and debating whether they are unfairly affecting power prices in the areas around them. An official in the Xinjiang province  told the Wall Street Journal  that the Chinese government had sent notices to local agencies and that he would be doing “what the country wants.”  In anticipation of such a restrictive policy being introduced, industry leaders with expansive mining operations have already been looking at other options overseas. Jiang Zhuoer, the founder of China’s third largest bitcoin mining pool, BTC.TOP, revealed in an interview with  Bloomberg  that the company  “chose Canada because of the relatively cheap cost, and the stability of the country and policies”.  According to Wu Jihan, CEO of the Chinese company  Bitmain  , his company is responsible for the production of around 70 percent of all bitcoin mining rigs currently in use. Bitmain also runs two of China’s largest bitcoin mining pools and is currently moving its regional headquarters to Singapore. It has also managed to set up its operations in the United States and Canada. Based off a report from the Swiss newspaper  Handelszeitung , Bitmain has also established a subsidiary in Switzerland, which a company spokesperson said was chosen because it is “one of the most progressive countries…with good legal stability”. Likewise, ViaBTC, the fourth largest pool is also eliminating its dependence on China by starting its mining operations in North America and Iceland.  Philip Gradwell, chief economist at Chinalysis Inc, a blockchain analysis firm, stated in an interview with the Wall Street Journal:  “If China really does switch off all the minters suddenly, there could be a very high level of disruption. It’s very hard to estimate back-of-the-envelope how big an impact would be.”  He also believes that bitcoin could be in trouble, at least for a few weeks, before the network would be able to readjust the rate of mining new coins.  Arthur Hayes, CEO of the Chinese cryptocurrency exchange BitMEX, said:  “I don’t think miners have been sitting on their hands. Some people have already moved their hardware out of China.”  China, being an industrial nation, offers enterprises inexpensive electricity among other utilities. This is an especially important consideration since Digiconomist  estimates  that the annual power consumption due to bitcoin mining is a staggering 37.8 TWh, surpassing the total consumption of several nations, or 3.5 million average US households. Mining activities are, therefore, only profitable in the event that the electricity available to the parent companies is heavily subsidized. China can offer such discounts on energy prices due to its massiv e investment in coal and hydropower.  Studies have repeatedly shown that Chinese bitcoin miners account for a rather large percentage of the total bitcoin mining efforts worldwide. In fact, as much as 71 percent of all bitcoin mining pools are based in the country, at least as of mid 2017. The  Chinese government’s crackdown  on Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) and cryptocurrency exchanges in September, 2017 may have deterred some of them, but the country is still home to a lion’s share of the mining efforts.  The ASIC (Application Specific Integrated Circuit) hardware used to mine bitcoin and other similar proof-of-work based cryptocurrencies are also almost exclusively manufactured in China, making it readily accessible for mining businesses in bulk quantities. As a whole, the Chinese have a relatively large monopoly over the cryptocurrency mining ecosystem, both in terms of market  share and manufacturing.  China’s move to ban bitcoin miners, even selectively so, is likely in response to recent reports  indicating the scale and extent  of power consumption due to bitcoin mining. As the cryptocurrency ecosystem grows and bitcoin’s usage progressively increases as it has for several years now, the electricity usage is only expected to continue rising with time.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ripple Price Earns MoneyGram Bounce as Market Recovers from Mid-Week Dip Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets achieved a near-comprehensive advance on Friday, bolstered by several reports that South Korea was not currently seeking a blanket ban on cryptocurrency trading. The ripple price headlined the day after MoneyGram revealed that it would adopt XRP in an open-ended pilot, while every other top 15-coin or token rose against the dollar as well.  These rallies combined to lift the cryptocurrency market cap by nearly $40 billion, from $673 billion on Thursday to $712 billion today  — a 24-hour increase of six percent.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Flirts with $14,000  The  bitcoin price  rose about three percent for the day, bringing it close to $14,000 on all major exchanges. On Bitfinex, the bitcoin price briefly surpassed that mark this morning but had subsided to $13,852 by the time of writing, although the flagship cryptocurrency ’s global average held at $14,180 due to higher premiums on Binance and bitFlyer. This provides bitcoin with a $238.2 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart  The moderate rally was spurred by  reports  that  — contrary to suggestions in an earlier statement from South Korea ’s Ministry of Justice  — the government ’s cryptocurrency task force had not decided to  ban cryptocurrency trading  in the country.  Ethereum Price Inches Past $1,200  The  ethereum price  also posted a three percent increase, enabling it to inch back above the $1,200 barrier on Bitfinex and other major exchanges. At present, the global average ethereum price is trading at $1,240, which translates into $120.3 billion market cap.  Ethereum Price Chart  Ripple Price Soars on MoneyGram Bounce  Neither bitcoin or ethereum could match the performance of ripple, however. The third-ranked cryptocurrency soared by 18 percent after money transfer service MoneyGram announced that it would  adopt XRP  in an open-ended blockchain payments trial. At present, the  ripple price  is valued at just below $2 on Bittrex, while its global average is $2.06. This gives ripple a circulating market cap of $79.6 billion.  Ripple Price Chart  EOS and Stellar Lead the Pack  The majority of top 100-ranked altcoins rose against the dollar on Friday, but EOS and stellar returned what were far and away the best single-day performances.   The bitcoin cash price rose by four percent to $2,556, while fifth-ranked cardano increased by eight percent to $0.73. EOS, meanwhile, exploded by 48 percent after the company teased that it will  livestream an announcement  from Seoul on Saturday.  Litecoin, ranked seventh, rose by four percent to $239, and NEM added eight percent to crack the $12 billion market cap threshold.  Next to EOS, the stellar price posted the best performance among top 10-cryptocurrencies, rising 36 percent after CNBC contributor Brian Kelly told viewers that it could be the  “ next coin to surge . ”  IOTA rounded out the top 10 with a six percent increase to $3.60, which raised the token ’s market cap to just above $10 billion.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ripple Price Surges 18%, as MoneyGram Finds Use Case for XRP Twitter  Over the past 24 hours, the price of Ripple’s native cryptocurrency XRP has increased by more than 18 percent, recovering back to $2 after dipping below $1.7 during a major cryptocurrency market correction that occured on January 11.   Ripple Surges in Value  Analysts have attributed the recent increase in the value of XRP to the newly established strategic partnership between Ripple Labs and MoneyGram, one of the largest remittance companies in the global industry behind Western Union, the $9 billion remittance giant.  With a market valuation of just under $700 million, MoneyGram operates a major remittance network with around  350,000 agents , processing payments for tens of millions of users on a regular basis.  Earlier today,  as CCN reported , Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse announced that MoneyGram will begin using Ripple’s blockchain network and its cryptocurrency XRP to process international payments.   “The payments problem doesn’t just affect banks, it also affects companies like MoneyGram, which help people get money to the ones they care about,” said Garlinghouse. “By using a digital asset like XRP that settles in three seconds or less, our clients can move money as quickly as information.”  Alex Holmes, chief executive officer of MoneyGram, explained that the company will begin using Ripple’s blockchain solution xRapid, a service developed specifically for payment providers and other financial institutions for liquidity cost reduction, to seamlessly process payments for its global customer base.  The announcement of MoneyGram immediately led to the surge in the value of Ripple. Prior to the January 11 correction, the market valuation of Ripple remained below $67 billion. The partnership between Ripple and MoneyGram added a staggering $13 billion to Ripple’s market valuation, allowing RIpple to recover to its previous levels.  Since CoinMarketCap had removed the trading prices of the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market, the price and the market cap of Ripple have struggled to recover. From $147 billion, within one week, the Ripple network’s market valuation fell by over $67 billion, an unprecedented drop in market cap in the cryptocurrency market.   In late December, Ripple had demonstrated a meteoric rise in value, overtaking the Ethereum network in market valuation and appealing to the South Korean exchange market with its cheap tokens. Regardless of the market valuation, which is the accurate depiction of the value of a cryptocurrency, casual traders and newcomers tend to consider the price of the cryptocurrency more than the market cap.  Demand for Ripple Still High  Thus, for the majority of investors that are new to the space, a $3 token of XRP seems substantially cheaper than the $300 Litecoin, even if the Ripple network is significnatly larger than Litecoin by market cap. The advantage of having cheap tokens led the South Korean exchange market to drive the price of XRP up by massive margins.  In the South Korean exchange market, regardless of the recent cryptocurrency trading ban fiasco, XRP is being traded at nearly $3. The demand for Ripple has increased over the past two days, largely triggered by the long-term plan of MoneyGram to utilize XRPs in processing international payments.  Click  here  for a real-time Ripple price chart.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   EOS Price Spikes 40% as South Korea Cryptocurrency Market Recovers From FUD Twitter  EOS has surpassed $9 billion in market valuation for the first time in history, recording a daily gain of over 40 percent as the South Korea cryptocurrency exchange market recovered from the trading ban FUD.   EOS Popular in South Korea  Over the past 48 hours, the global cryptocurrency market struggled to rebound from a major correction triggered by South Korea Ministry of Justice head Park Sang-ki’s premature statement on a cryptocurrency trading ban, which was refuted by the country’s Ministry of Strategy and Finance, and the Blue House, the executive office of President Moon Jae-in.  Upon the fallout of the cryptocurrency trading ban proposal by the Justice Ministry, cryptocurrencies heavily concentrated in the South Korean market in terms of daily trading volume and user base have increased in value. Cryptocurrencies like Zcash, Qtum, Monero, and EOS that have nearly 50 percent of their daily trading volumes processed on South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges have increased significantly in value.  In the South Korean market, EOS has gained popularity due to its relatively cheap tokens and Ethereum-like ecosystem. Built on top of the Ethereum protocol, EOS powers decentralized applications with a flexible and scalable network. Each EOS token is worth about $11, which is substantially lower than that of Ethereum’s Ether, which is valued at $1,260.  Newcomers and beginner traders in the cryptocurrency exchange market often tend to evaluate the potential growth capacity of cryptocurrencies based on their price, not market cap. For instance, many investors in the South Korean market believe that Litecoin is worth more than Ripple, because Litecoin costs more than $250, while Ripple costs less than $3.  “For new investors in crypto, think in market cap. Not price per coin. Market cap gives an estimate of the potential growth. Price per coin doesn ’t mean anything as the supply for each altcoin differs. $0.1 per coin doesn ’t mean it ’s cheap. $100 per coin doesn ’t mean it ’s expensive,”  explained cryptocurrency trader Squeeze.  But, the vast majority of investors in emerging markets like South Korea still have not grasped the concept of market valuation and evaluate cryptocurrencies based on the price of individual tokens. As such, the popularity of EOS increased in South Korea because it functions and operates similarly as Ethereum and Cardano but is cheaper in price.  Currently, Bithumb, the second largest cryptocurrency exchange in the global market based in Seoul, is processing $1.3 billion worth of EOS, as the second most traded cryptocurrency in the South Korean market. The EOS trading volume on Bithumb is larger than bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, Monero, Dash, and Zcash combined.  Short-Term Trend  In the short-term, cryptocurrencies with a strong consumer base in South Korea such as Monero, EOS, ZCash, Qtum, Ripple, and Ethereum will likely surge in value, as the entire cryptocurrency market recovers from the recent correction.  Ripple and Ethereum have also large communities and followers in the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market, which has been driving the price of most of the abovementioned cryptocurrencies up over the past several months.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   The  ‘Bitcoin Bucket ’: KFC Canada Accepts Bitcoin for Fried Chicken Twitter  The biggest name in fried chicken has launched a cryptocurrency-themed “Bitcoin Bucket,” and yes, you can pay for it using the flagship cryptocurrency.  KFC Canada Launches  ‘Bitcoin Bucket ’  KFC Canada began the publicity stunt on Thursday, advertising the Bitcoin Bucket on social media and  livestreaming its price in bitcoin , which constantly fluctuates based on the exchange rate of $20 CAD, the product’s fiat price.   KFC Canada presents The  #Bitcoin  Bucket. Sure, we don’t know exactly what Bitcoins are, or how they work, but that shouldn’t come between you and some finger lickin’ good chicken.  https://t.co/2OKuCHk5Hb   pic.twitter.com/UwaduB8toi  — KFC Canada (@kfc_canada)  January 11, 2018   Unfortunately, the Bitcoin Bucket is not available at your local restaurant, but customers lucky enough to live within one of KFC’s Canadian delivery zones can schedule evening deliveries through Jan. 19 at 8 pm EST.  “Apologies, rest of the world, ” the product description reads.  For the few customers who are interested in what is actually in the bucket, it includes 10 original recipe tenders, waffle fries, a medium side, medium gravy, and two dips.  The company is partnering with BitPay to accept bitcoin payments for the meal, but Luddites can still complete the purchase using fiat currency to avoid the rising transaction fees now associated with bitcoin payments. However, the company is purportedly considering  updating the promotion  to include altcoin payments.  ‘Avoid Bucket FOMO ’  KFC’s corporate Twitter account is known for its hilarious antics  — the company sent a custom portrait to the first person who discovered  why the account only followed the Spice Girls and six people named Herb   — and KFC Canada lived up to this reputation in its tweets promoting the product.  In addition to warning customers to stay away from alt-recipes, the company advised customers to “Avoid Bucket FOMO” and buy the dip (they offer five different kinds).   Give us your Bitcoins. Then tell us how to spend a Bitcoin.  #BitcoinBucket   https://t.co/QUTJN809H5  — KFC Canada (@kfc_canada)  January 11, 2018   The company has even concocted a plan to discover the true identity of Satoshi Nakamoto, bitcoin ’s pseudonymous creator without whom the Bitcoin Bucket would never have become a reality.   If Satoshi reveals his true identity, his bucket is on us.  #BitcoinBucket  — KFC Canada (@kfc_canada)  January 11, 2018   So place an order  — if you ’re lucky, maybe they ’ll even throw in some  blockchain-themed iced tea .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   InsurePal Welcomes Bitcoin Pioneer Charlie Shrem to Its Advisory Board, Sold-Out Pre-ICO Twitter  This is a sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  InsurePal , the world’s first social proof insurance platform, is proud to welcome Bitcoin pioneering evangelist, Charlie Shrem to its illustrious advisory board. Charlie Shrem joins InsurePal as business development advisor, bringing an unparalleled wealth of rich entrepreneur experience to the future of insurance on the blockchain.   “I’m excited to join the advisory team on this project, and our company, Crypto IQ, is getting involved as well,” Charlie declared. “InsurePal is a very interesting concept, and I like to get involved in blockchain projects that are not finance-related. This team has its past success. It has been involved with other companies   and has performed well. I believe we can be the bridge between crypto and non-crypto insurance, which will be a very interesting thing.”  As an advisor, Charlie has been instrumental in the successful launch of over a dozen blockchain startups and the initiation of numerous partnerships between crypto and non-crypto Enterprises. His recently founded media and advisory company, Crypto.IQ, boosts of a team of seasoned Wall Street veterans that aims to bring simplicity and clarity to the crypto industry. Same thing InsurePal will do for the insurance industry.  “InsurePal will bring this innovative concept of social proof and blockchain insurance to the people who have yet to be involved in crypto and provide an insurance solution for them,” Shrem said. “That is the most interesting part of it.”  World-class Team  Charlie Shrem and Crypto.IQ join a   world-class team of experts , partnering to harness the power of social proofing on the blockchain.   InsurePal’s  next-generation peer-to-peer insurance platform solution reinvents the industry through social proof endorsements. The   award-winning platform  replaces the traditional  – and often draconic  – process of insurance coverage, offering not only a revolutionary new standard of coverage for the industry, but also bringing legitimacy to blockchain businesses.  Charlie will help InsurePal become a bridge between tradition and innovation that will shape the insurance industry moving forward.  Raising The Bar  InsurePal embeds social proof  – the inbuilt mechanism representing our moral compasses  – as a form of financial commitment on the network.   Social proof endorsement  allows both businesses and individuals access insurance coverage at a lower cost based on Trustscores.   InsurePal’s Trustscore  is a risk-aware measurement metric for ascertaining performance on the network. Endorsers are scored based on the performance of their endorsee.  At the prestigious   d10e pitching contest  in Ljubljana and Bucharest, InsurePal took home the top prizes indicating its resonance with the community and their backing of the platform’s bold reinvention of the industry.  Strategic Partnership  With cryptos expanding from mere speculative vehicles to real-world solution assets, InsurePal has signaled its intention to bring legitimacy to the crypto industry through strategic partnership. By synergizing with key players in the industry, the platform is poised to bridge the divide between cryptos and mainstream market, the first step towards which is the future-proofing of blockchain-based ventures.  Through its collaborative agreement with the first Internet of Agreements infrastructure platform, Mattereum, InsurePal will further the adoption of blockchain technology by providing insurance and arbitration for all business transactions on the blockchain  Sold Out Presale  InsurePal is also pleased to announce that its whitelist presale has successfully reached its hard cap and has now ended. 70% (140,700,000) of IPL tokens were sold, raising $12 million for the further development of the platform. The public is invited to join its public token crowdsale on January 16th and be a part of the future of insurance on the blockchain.  Find out more about InsurePal’s disruption of the insurance industry   here  Read the   White  or   Light  paper  Join the conversation on   Telegram  Watch the explainer video about   Personal  and   Business  transaction insurance  Follow on   Telegram  
INCREASE	   Online Decentralized Marketplace PocketInns Changes the ICO Game Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Imagine a shopping mall with numerous stores, but instead of these stores being owned and run by just the shopping mall directly these are operated by a diverse set of owners providing varied services. The shopping mall has its own financial setup catering to the needs of their customers and the transaction on the entire network happens through their own currency. The shopping mall does not collect commissions and fees on every transaction that a stores transacts instead they pay the shopping mall a rent or lease.  Pocketinns is exactly that kind of a decentralised market[lace platform and their blockchain technology allows both buyers and sellers to buy and sell without worrying about commissions and fees. To monetize, Pocketinns instead relies on a flat monthly subscr iption, inspired by the barter system where everyone works together on a single platform as a community. Online marketplaces are in a way a representative of this concept and they are becoming increasingly popular.  Forrester Research  Retail Dive Reports as saying, “Last year, shoppers did half of their online spending through marketplaces, and that could rise to two-thirds in five years.” As such there is a great deal of interest in this segment of the internet, which is currently dominated by big names like Amazon, eBay, Rakuten etc. Shopper interest in these markets has also been increasing as Retail Dive elaborates further, “More than a quarter (26%) of European online shoppers used Amazon to research their most recent product prior to purchase, more than the 21% who used a physical store. Shoppers in Japan, India and China were the most likely to turn to marketplaces over other sources to get information on potential purchases, the study found.”  It is amidst such a backdrop of a surge in online marketplaces that the world’s first decentralised blockchain based community driven marketplace ecosystem is being built by  Pocketinns  with the beta version already in place. This market place would be a platform for consumers as well as online retailers. The benefit of blockchain would ensure that there is an increased amount of trust and safety baked into the platform, while also both the sellers experience benefits like safety, value and savings.  Pocketinns ICO to set standards for token sales  Pocketinns will be holding a token auction for PINNS following the Dutch Auction model. Dutch auctions or reverse auctions work with the principle that a high price is lowered by investor participation as bids are made to lower the price, this is done till sufficient buyers are found at a particular price point. The PINNS token will be sold in blocks, with the Initial Coin Offering (ICO) starting on January 15, 2018 till January 31, 2018. The auction will come to an end if 30 mln PINNS tokens are sold, a hard cap of US$ 46 mln is raised in  Ethereum  (ETH) or at the end of 16 days. There will be no pre-sale, this has been done deliberately to bring more transparency into the token sale. Pocketinn investors will be safeguarded against a runoff sale by not having this type of bonus tokens on pre-sale incentives given to select investors. In a  blog , the CEO of Pocketinn talks about their decision not to go for the presale, “It’s our biggest risk as a project, as we outright rejected big money offered for discounts on our tokens. But the decision was made as a team. We know we’re working to redefine how the cryptocurrency space is operating.” This approach could act as a beacon  for the coming ICOs  to enshrine a higher level of transparency into their issues and a successful Pocketinns ICO is a precursor of the changes that can be ushered into the ICO space, making the whole process more favourable to investor interests.   Transparency to protect the community  While the decision to not hold a pre-sale or do bonus token distribution is one fa
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Mining Isn ’t an ‘Environmental Armageddon ’ : Credit Suisse Report Twitter  A Credit Suisse report downplayed fears that the growth of the bitcoin mining industry would initiate an “environmental armageddon.”  Bitcoin Mining Not an  ‘Environmental Armageddon ’  The emergence of bitcoin as an economic force has had a correlative effect on the  bitcoin mining industry , as increased profitability has attracted more miners to the ecosystem.  This increased hashpower has come at the price of increased electricity consumption, provoking consternation among environmental activists and leading some critics to warn that bitcoin could cause a global energy crisis.  However, a new report from Credit Suisse Group throws shade on those apocalyptic predictions.  Last Week, Morgan Stanley  predicted  that cryptocurrency miners could consume as much as 140 terawatt-hours of electricity this year, which equates to about 0.6 percent of global demand. Citing this report, Credit Suisse said that bitcoin mining is unlikely to cause an  “environmental Armageddon ”  — at least anytime soon.  “This is a far cry from the power and environmental Armageddon that some have feared,” the Credit Suisse analysts, led by Michael Weinstein, wrote in this week’s report, according to  Bloomberg .  They added that it is a mistake to project miners’ power consumption lineally, as the industry will likely develop hardware and practices that are more energy-efficient in a bid to gain a competitive advantage. The report noted that this phenomenon occurred among both marijuana growers and data center operators during high-growth periods for these industries.  $5 Billion Annual Revenue Opportunity  The report predicts bitcoin mining is “very unlikely” to approach 350 terawatt-hours of energy consumption a year, a mark that qualifies an industry as an “ultra-high-end” electricity consumer.  Rather, the analysts anticipate that the mining industry could present electricity producers with a $5 billion “global annual revenue opportunity,” which is a far cry from the $6 trillion worth of energy consumed globally each year.  “This is a small portion of global electric usage and an even smaller portion of total global energy expenditures,” the report concluded.  Miners Seek Out Surplus Electricity  Moreover, apocalyptics predictions about mining’s electricity consumption ignore that the industry naturally gravitates toward locations with low utility rates, which tend to have low-cost energy due to an excess supply.  Canadian utility Hydro-Quebec, for instance, is  actively courting bitcoin miners  in the wake of China’s apparent desire to reduce the amount of electricity available to domestic miners.  This concentration of cryptocurrency mining operations in regions with surplus electricity will further mitigate the potential environmental impact of this burgeoning industry.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   OKCoin: Formerly Largest Cryptocurrency Exchange in China to Launch in South Korea Twitter  Following the roadmap of its competitor Huobi, formerly the largest cryptocurrency exchange in China OKCoin will launch a trading platform in the South Korean market.  OKCoin’s South Korea Expansion  Earlier today, on January 19, local media outlets in South Korea reported that NHN Entertainment, one of the biggest multi-billion dollar game developers in the country that operates Hangame.com, has partnered with OKCoin to create an exchange within the local cryptocurrency market.  According to South Korean media outlet News 1,  OKCoin plans to list more cryptocurrencies than Bithumb and UpBit, which have integrated 10 and 30 cryptocurrencies respectively. Both Bithumb and UpBit are operated by some of the country’s most influential conglomerates including Kakao’s Dunamoo. Korbit, the third largest cryptocurrency exchange market, is operated by NXC, a $10 billion gaming company.  To compete against local trading platforms like Bithumb, Korbit, UpBit, and CoinOne, OKCoin has partnered with a major conglomerate in NHN Entertainment, to obtain sufficient resources and capital to address the South Korean market. OKCoin will also integrate 60 cryptocurrencies upon its launch, more than all of the cryptocurrency exchanges in the local market combined.  Chris Lee, the president of OKCoin, told News 1 that the company currently houses 100 full-time developers and is aiming to evolve into a global cryptocurrency exchange. Lee emphasized that in order for OKCoin to expand internationally, South Korea is an important market for the company to address and penetrate.  Last month, Huobi, another major Chinese cryptocurrency exchange that migrated to the Hong Kong cryptocurrency market, announced its partnership with Japanese financial giant SBI Holdings to expand into the Japanese and South Korean markets.  Due to the recent crackdown on cryptocurrency trading by the Chinese government, trading platforms within the Chinese market have started to expand into other major regions in Asia, such as Japan and South Korea.  Optimistic For South Korea?  Apart from OKCoin and Huobi, 10 more cryptocurrency exchanges are expected to launch in the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market over the next few months.   Evidently, if the South Korean cryptocurrency market is unstable and a trading ban is imminent, cryptocurrency exchanges would not allocate millions of dollars in development and compliance to expand into the South Korean market.  Local exchanges including Bithumb, Korbit, and Coinone, as well as exchanges overseas like Huobi and OKCoin are optimistic in regards to the regulatory roadmap of the South Korean government, given that the government has reaffirmed a cryptocurrency trading ban will not be imposed.  Recently,  as CCN reported , chairman of the Fair Trade Commission of South Korea Kim Sang-Joo, stated:  “[Shutting down cryptocurrency exchanges] is not realistically possible. Based on electronic commerce law, the government does not have the authority to close down cryptocurrency trading platforms.  From the viewpoint of an economist, it is not a fair and transparent decision to outright ban economic activity. Whether it is excessive speculation or not, the gain or the loss is the responsibility of the investor.”  Given that the South Korean government has officially refuted the claims of the Justice Minister and rejected the cryptocurrency trading ban proposal, more cryptocurrency exchanges from overseas markets will expand into the local market, to address the exponentially increasing demand for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in the global market.  
INCREASE	   CFTC Files Fraud Suits Against Cryptocurrency Investment Schemes Twitter  The US Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) filed charges against several cryptocurrency investment schemes for allegedly defrauding customers and investors.  The suits, which were filed on Thursday in US federal court in New York, accuse CabbageTech and the Entrepreneurs Headquarters Limited of engaging in fraudulent practices to obtain cryptocurrencies from investors.  CabbageTech, which operated under the name Coin Drop Markets, was a New York company that purportedly offered real-time cryptocurrency trading advice as well as asset management services. The complaint alleges that CabbageTech owner Patrick K. McDonnell failed to provide the promised trading advice to customers and stole funds that clients had entrusted to his management.  The complaint alleges that, after receiving the funds, the defendants cut off communications with customers and erased their internet presence.  “This action is among the latest examples of the CFTC’s continuing commitment to act aggressively and assertively to root out fraud and bad actors involved in virtual currencies,” CFTC Director of Enforcement James McDonald said in a statement. “We will continue to work hard to identify and remove bad actors from these markets.”  In the second case, the CFTC alleged that Colorado resident Dillon Michael Dean, along with his UK-registered company The Entrepreneurs Headquarters Limited, had operated a Ponzi scheme in which he solicited and misappropriated at least $1.1 million in bitcoin from more than 600 investors under the guise of establishing an investment pool.  “Increased public interest in Bitcoin and other virtual currencies has provided new opportunities for bad actors, McDonald said. “As this case shows, the CFTC will continue to take swift action to stop such fraudulent schemes and to hold fraudsters accountable for their misconduct.”  Reuters  reported  that the CFTC filed a third suit against a cryptocurrency investment scheme, but the details of that case are currently sealed.  The suits come as US regulators have been eyeing the cryptocurrency ecosystem with increased scrutiny.  On Friday, the CFTC and US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued a joint enforcement warning stating that they will continue to patrol the cryptoasset markets and  “look beyond form, examine the substance of the activity and prosecute violations of the federal securities and commodities laws. ”  CFTC Chairman J. Christopher Giancarlo, meanwhile,  reportedly  said at an industry conference that he had instructed his staff to develop a  “heightened review process ” for bitcoin futures and other cryptocurrency-related derivatives.     
INCREASE	   MMA Title Contender Rory MacDonald Talks Dash Sponsorship Ahead of Bellator 192 Twitter  When Rory MacDonald squares off against welterweight champion Douglas Lima in Saturday’s Bellator 192 title fight, he will be sporting branded gear from what may seem to be an unlikely sponsor: Dash.  MMA Title Contender Rory MacDonald Lands Dash Sponsorship  However, as his Twitter followers know, the 28-year-old MacDonald has been active in the cryptocurrency scene since 2014, when his coach, Firas Zahabi, first introduced him to bitcoin.  Through Zahabi, MacDonald connected with Dash representatives, and together they drafted a proposal for the cryptocurrency to sponsor him through the network’s budget voting process. Masternode owners overwhelmingly approved the proposal, and MacDonald was paid 320 DASH, worth about $271,000 at the present exchange rate.  The “Red King” told CCN that he is also a proponent of bitcoin cash, which he favors over bitcoin due to the forked coin’s support for robust on-chain scaling.  “I’m not a big supporter of Bitcoin Core development,” MacDonald said during a phone interview. “I believe that bitcoin cash is making the right decisions and scaling properly toward the original idea of bitcoin.”  ‘The Next Wave ’ of MMA Sponsorships  MacDonald’s Dash sponsorship is not the first time cryptocurrency and sports have converged. BitPay bankrolled the “ Bitcoin Bowl .” Dogecoin sponsored NASCAR driver Josh Wise’s famous “ Dogecar ” and helped send the  Jamaican bobsled team  to the 2014 winter Olympics.  But while those were largely one-off events, MacDonald hopes that his sponsorship is just the opening bell of a long-term partnership between Bellator and the cryptocurrency industry.  “The exciting thing about [the Dash budget system] is that it’s a voting process, so we can make all kinds of different, unique ideas to pitch to the network,” he said. “It could be the next wave of sponsorships pouring into the MMA community.”  He added that he had already introduced Bellator president Scott Coker to the Dash representatives who helped him draft his sponsorship proposal.  This crypto-evangelism has already begun to pay dividends. Douglas Lima, MacDonald’s opponent in Saturday’s title bout, told  MMAimports  that he is researching bitcoin and would consider accepting payment in cryptocurrency.  Additionally Former lightweight champion Michael Chandler, who will also be fighting on the Bellator 192 card, has  inked a deal  with cryptocurrency exchange startup CoinLion.     
INCREASE	   Russia’s Largest Bank Has Launched a Blockchain Laboratory Twitter  Sberbank, Russia’s largest bank by assets, has opened a blockchain lab to develop, test and pilot blockchain projects.  The newly established blockchain lab will focus on developing business solutions for the wider Sberbank Group in addition to cooperating with startups, associations, communities and alliances to further blockchain awareness and development.  Blockchain specialists will arrive as new hires to work under the laboratory’s roof, particularly those with experience in creating and implementing solutions for existing financial and corporate products. When staffed and running, the laboratory will ‘test cutting-edge solutions, generate ideas to develop blockchain-based solutions, create product prototypes, carry out pilot p rojects, and implement applied business solutions for Sberbank Group’ an accompanying  release  added.  In statements, Sberbank senior vice president Igor Bulantsev said:  “Blockchain can considerably reshape many business areas related to the financial market, as well as classic activities of the bank and our clients…It is important to note that blockchain helps market participants cooperate more efficiently.”  Sberbank claims it is already undertaking over 20 blockchain-based pilot projects which include an endeavor with a federal agency for  the encrypted exchange of documents .  Sberbank is notably a member of two of the world’s largest open-source blockchain consortiums. Following a failed attempt to join the banking blockchain consortium led by New York-based R3, the Russian bank  became a member of  the cross-industry Hyperledger Blockchain Project in September 2016. A year later, Sberbank joined the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA), becoming the first Russian financial institution to  join  the working group developing enterprise solutions based on open-source Ethereum technology. Sberbank was also among select participants in ‘Masterchain’  – an Ethereum blockchain prototype deployed by Russia’s central bank to test interbank transactions.  Sberbank’s own blockchain lab follows a prediction from CEO and noted bitcoin advocate Herman Gref who claimed “the application of blockchain technology in commercial applications” will happen in 2019.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Petro Discount: Venezuela is Luring Qatar to Invest in State Cryptocurrency Twitter  A delegation of officials from Venezuela’s government is reportedly pitching the country’s upcoming cryptocurrency petro in Qatar in an attempt to gain the latter as an early investor.  Citing source with knowledge of the diplomatic meetings, Bloomberg is reporting that a group of Venezuelan officials led by ‘crypto superintendent’ Carlos Vargas is currently in Qatar, hoping to land the oil-rich Middle Eastern state as an early investor. The delegation is luring Qatar by ‘currently negotiating discounts’ ahead of the oil-backed cryptocurrency’s upcoming ‘sale’ in February, the report added.  It’s notable that Venezuela is reaching out to Qatar to buy into its cryptocurrency. Qatar is facing its own economic blockade by a Saudi-led coalition since mid-2016 and has been making friends elsewhere by  purchasing Airbus commercial planes  from France ($6.35 billion),  warships  from Italy ($5..91 billion), 24  Typhoon fighter jets  from the UK ($8 billion) and a $12 billion deal with the US for 72  F-15 fighter jets .  The Pre-Sale  A month-long ‘private pre-sale” will begin on February 15, where government officials expect to raise as much as $1.3 billion, before the sale extends to individuals. Venezuela’s government also intends to pay public workers in the digital token before encouraging them to use the cryptocurrency with tax benefits.  As reported in December, controversial Venezuelan president Nicolás Maduro  first announced  the state cryptocurrency as a solution to circumvent economic sanctions imposed by the United States’ presidential administration. The sanctions have proved a crippling blockade, cutting Venezuela’s access to global finance and international banking. Petro will be primarily backed by oil, Maduro said, alongside other commodities in gold and diamonds.  On January 9, Maduro doubled down on the plan to launch the petro by announcing the upcoming issuance of  100 million petros  – some of which is currently being offered on a discount to Qatar. Each petro will be backed by an oil barrel in Venezuela’s reserves, valuing the first issuance of the petro at approximately $6 billion.  The following day, the opposition-run Venezuelan congress outlawed Maduro’s petro as an “ illegal and unconstitutional ” instrument that was effectively “an effort to illegally mortgage” Venezuela’s oil reserves.  The Venezuelan Parliament’s legislator Jorge Milan said:  “This is not a cryptocurrency, this is a forward sale of Venezuelan oil. It is tailor-made for corruption.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Israel Tax Authority is Looking to Collect from ICOs Twitter  Israel is calling for a tax on upcoming ICOs for both issuers and investors, opting in a double-edged sword scenario to tighten the noose on regulation as opposed to a more severe approach taken by China and South Korea.  Israel ’s Tax Authority, which is comparable to the IRS, has published draft legislation with details of the proposed ICO tax, targeting blockchain companies that turn to the wildly popular token sales to raise funds. While a tax was inevitable, it is also a sign of maturity within the ballooning ICO market, which raised more than $4 billion last year.  One ICO that under the new law may have been subject to the tax is Swiss-Israeli startup Sirin Labs. The startup, which is developing a blockchain smartphone and which issued the SRN tokens,  attracting $118 million  to its coffers in an ICO at year-end 2017.  The draft makes it clear that it ’s addressing utility tokens, which is how the lion ’s share of issuers characterize their digital coins as opposed to securities, with tax authority director Moshe Asher emphasizing transparency.  “The Tax Authority is monitoring the technological developments and is working to provide an answer regarding the tax implications of virtual currency transactions and the issuance of digital tokens, thereby increasing the certainty and tax transparency of those operating in the field. ”  Similar to a recent declaration by the Tax Authority to treat  bitcoin as an asset , ICO tokens are being deemed an asset, and issuing companies behind them as well as the investors who buy the tokens would be subject to the tax. It ’s a balance sheet event, with companies being required to report P &L with cryptocurrencies similar to how they would with other assets. The tax may be postponed until the product in development is actually supplied. According to the  draft , as translated by  Finance Magnates :  “A person whose income from the sale of tokens reaches the level of a business, his income will be classified as a business income and it will be subject to tax rates under sections 121 or 126 of the ordinance.”  Back to Barter  Israel ’s central bank previously revealed its position on bitcoin, saying that  it didn ’t recognize  the cryptocurrency or altcoins as a legitimate form of payment. Meanwhile, The Tax Authority ’s draft legislation addresses bitcoin, saying that transactions involving the cryptocurrency would be treated as barter based on the value of assets.  Israel ’s securities regulator previously moved to block bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies from trading on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. Taxing ICOs sends a message to issuers that while they may dream of being the next bitcoin, their cryptocurrency similarly will have limitations. Israel is currently pursuing a digital shekel,  whose value would be equal  to the country ’s fiat money.  Public comments on the proposed law are being accepted for two weeks before the rule becomes final.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Visa CEO: We Won’t Accept Bitcoin Directly Twitter  Visa will not directly accept bitcoin, according to company CEO Alfred Kelly in a recent  CNBC interview  during the National Retail Federation trade show in New York City.  “We at Visa won ’t process transactions that are cryptocurrency-based,” he said. “We will only process fiat currency-based transactions. ”  Kelly pointed to the problem posed by a currency like bitcoin with rapidly fluctuating value. “People want a fair exchange of value when they’re buying something, so if it costs $100, I want to pay $100,” he said.  If you are paying for something that is “bouncing around at the level bitcoin’s bouncing around, and think about ‘buy ahead ’ kinds of transactions” – such as an airline ticket or a car – “If you’re using bitcoin, when is it valued?” he asked – when you buy it, when you use it?  Kelly said he currently views bitcoin as a speculative commodity as opposed to a method of payment.  A Commodity, Not A Payment System  “I don ’t view it as payment system player, ” he said. ”My take is that bitcoin is much more today a commodity that somebody could invest in; and honestly, somewhat of a speculative commodity that people can invest in. ”  Depending on when a person invested in bitcoin in the last three months of the currency ’s intense volatility, someone could have earned a lot of money, he said.  One CNBC anchor pointed out that Visa does have a bitcoin payment card through  BitPay .  Visa Terminates Bitcoin Credit Cards  However, Visa,  recently terminated its partnership with Wave Crest , a Gibraltar-based digital payment processing company, effectively disabling bitcoin and cryptocurrency debit cards.  All of the bitcoin and cryptocurrency debit card service providers including TenX, Xapo, Coins.ph, Bitwala, BitPay and CryptoPay have been affected by the crackdown of Visa on Wave Crest. Cryptocurrency debit card service providers have been relying on Wave Crest and its Visa partnership to process cryptocurrency payments.  In 2016, BitPay introduced its bitcoin  Visa debit card  that enabled users to make payments at any Visa point-of-sale (POS) terminals and withdraw cash at Visa ATMs, anywhere across the United States.  The CNBC anchors said that Kelly’s input was one of the more direct answers they’ve gotten about bitcoin’s role in the mainstream economy.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   OKCoin: Formerly Largest Cryptocurrency Exchange in China to Launch in South Korea Twitter  Following the roadmap of its competitor Huobi, formerly the largest cryptocurrency exchange in China OKCoin will launch a trading platform in the South Korean market.  OKCoin’s South Korea Expansion  Earlier today, on January 19, local media outlets in South Korea reported that NHN Entertainment, one of the biggest multi-billion dollar game developers in the country that operates Hangame.com, has partnered with OKCoin to create an exchange within the local cryptocurrency market.  According to South Korean media outlet News 1,  OKCoin plans to list more cryptocurrencies than Bithumb and UpBit, which have integrated 10 and 30 cryptocurrencies respectively. Both Bithumb and UpBit are operated by some of the country’s most influential conglomerates including Kakao’s Dunamoo. Korbit, the third largest cryptocurrency exchange market, is operated by NXC, a $10 billion gaming company.  To compete against local trading platforms like Bithumb, Korbit, UpBit, and CoinOne, OKCoin has partnered with a major conglomerate in NHN Entertainment, to obtain sufficient resources and capital to address the South Korean market. OKCoin will also integrate 60 cryptocurrencies upon its launch, more than all of the cryptocurrency exchanges in the local market combined.  Chris Lee, the president of OKCoin, told News 1 that the company currently houses 100 full-time developers and is aiming to evolve into a global cryptocurrency exchange. Lee emphasized that in order for OKCoin to expand internationally, South Korea is an important market for the company to address and penetrate.  Last month, Huobi, another major Chinese cryptocurrency exchange that migrated to the Hong Kong cryptocurrency market, announced its partnership with Japanese financial giant SBI Holdings to expand into the Japanese and South Korean markets.  Due to the recent crackdown on cryptocurrency trading by the Chinese government, trading platforms within the Chinese market have started to expand into other major regions in Asia, such as Japan and South Korea.  Optimistic For South Korea?  Apart from OKCoin and Huobi, 10 more cryptocurrency exchanges are expected to launch in the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market over the next few months.   Evidently, if the South Korean cryptocurrency market is unstable and a trading ban is imminent, cryptocurrency exchanges would not allocate millions of dollars in development and compliance to expand into the South Korean market.  Local exchanges including Bithumb, Korbit, and Coinone, as well as exchanges overseas like Huobi and OKCoin are optimistic in regards to the regulatory roadmap of the South Korean government, given that the government has reaffirmed a cryptocurrency trading ban will not be imposed.  Recently,  as CCN reported , chairman of the Fair Trade Commission of South Korea Kim Sang-Joo, stated:  “[Shutting down cryptocurrency exchanges] is not realistically possible. Based on electronic commerce law, the government does not have the authority to close down cryptocurrency trading platforms.  From the viewpoint of an economist, it is not a fair and transparent decision to outright ban economic activity. Whether it is excessive speculation or not, the gain or the loss is the responsibility of the investor.”  Given that the South Korean government has officially refuted the claims of the Justice Minister and rejected the cryptocurrency trading ban proposal, more cryptocurrency exchanges from overseas markets will expand into the local market, to address the exponentially increasing demand for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in the global market.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Will ‘Totally Collapse,” Even if it Takes 100 Years: Nobel Prize Winner Twitter  Nobel laureate Robert Shiller is fairly confident bitcoin will collapse, but he’s not quite sure when that collapse will occur.  Shiller, a Yale University professor who won the Nobel Prize for Economics in 2013, told  CNBC  that bitcoin will likely “totally collapse and be forgotten,” although it could linger for as long as 100 years.  “It reminds me of the Tulip mania in Holland in the 1640s, and so the question is did that collapse? We still pay for tulips even now and sometimes they get expensive. (Bitcoin) might totally collapse and be forgotten and I think that ’s a good likely outcome but it could linger on for a good long time, it could be here in 100 years,” Shiller said.  Citing a  well-worn comparison  to the so-called “tulip bubble,” Shiller said that bitcoin has no value outside of the “common consensus that it has value, ” which makes it different from gold and other commodities.  “It has no value at all unless there is some common consensus that it has value. Other things like gold would at least have some value if people didn ’t see it as an investment, ” he said, adding that he “doesn’t know what to make of bitcoin ultimately.”  This is not the first time that Shiller has given bitcoin a bearish forecast. In 2014, he called bitcoin an “ amazing example of a bubble ,” adding that currency-wise it is a return “to the dark ages.” Last month, he  opined  that bitcoin’s mythology would be a “wonderful story  — if only it were true” and predicted that although it may not immediately crash to zero, it will definitely “come down” considerably.  Nor is Shiller the first Nobel winner to throw cold water on the lunar aspirations of bitcoin investors. Joseph Stiglitz, who won the award in 2001, has argued that cryptocurrency “ ought to be outlawed ” because  — in his view  — it “doesn’t serve any socially useful function.”  
INCREASE	   South Korean Officials Initiated Insider Trading, Bought Bitcoin Before Trading Ban Fiasco Twitter  According to Choi Heung Sik, the director of South Korea’s Financial Supervisory Service (FSC), the country’s integrated financial regulator that examines and supervises financial institutions, several officials and employees of the FSC sold bitcoin immediately before the premature statement on a possible cryptocurrency trading ban was released by Justice Minister Park Sang-ki.  Insider Trading Probe  In a hearing conducted by the South Korean financial committee, director Choi was asked by an opposition party’s lawmaker Ji Sang-wook about an insider trading allegation that emerged earlier this week. Ji directly inquired director Choi if one or more employees of the FSC sold bitcoin before statement of the Justice Minister was released and in response, director Choi stated,  “yes.”  As CCN previously reported, on January 11, South Korea’s Justice Minister released an independent and premature statement during a press conference that the government is planning to ban cryptocurrency trading. Merely hours later the press conference was aired on national TV, the Ministry of Strategy and Finance along with the Blue House, the executive office of President Moon  Jae-in, officially refuted the potential of imposing a cryptocurrency trading ban.  “The cryptocurrency trading ban proposal introduced by Justice Minister Park Sang-ki was a suggestion made by the Justice Ministry on December 28 to bring speculation within the cryptocurrency market under control. The proposal will be discussed and changed by the task force participated by the Ministry of Strategy and Finance, central bank, Fair Trade Commission, and other age ncies,”  said  Blue House spokesperson Jeong Ki-joon.  At a financial committee hearing, FSC director Choi admitted that several officials within the agency committed insider trading by obtaining knowledge about the Justice Ministry’s statement prior to its release and selling bitcoin immediately before the statement was introduced to the public.  Hong Nam-ki, the head of the state coordination division, clarified at the hearing that the employees or officials who are accused of initiating insider trading will be investigated and punished accordingly by law. Hong emphasized that the agency will likely enforce a law to prohibit officials within the agency from trading cryptocurrencies, as it would prevent the agency, whic h is a part of the cryptocurrency regulation task force established by the government, from being neutral and transparent in regulating the cryptocurrency market.   “The government is currently investigating into the several government officials that were alleged to have initiated insider trading. Given that it is not appropriate for a government official to trade cryptocurrencies, the agency will encourage its employees to prevent from trading cryptocurrencies i the short-term.”  Citizens Outrage  South Korean citizens, who already submitted a petition to the Blue House signed by more than 250,000 citizens to reject the cryptocurrency trading ban, were outraged once again by the negligence demonstrated by the FSC, an agency that is supposed to remain neutral for the benefit of the market and consumers.  The FSC will undeniably have to face questions on whether insider trading initiated by the officials within the agency impacted the motivation of Justice Minister to release such a statement in a press conference in the future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ripple Price Continues to Outperform Index as Market Recovers Twitter  The ripple price continued to outperform other top-tier coins as the cryptocurrency markets made slight gains against their previous-day levels.  Cryptocurrency Market Cap Nears $600 Billion  Friday ’s contribution to the recovery was not as pronounced as the one fate dealt the markets on Thursday, but the  cryptocurrency market cap  nevertheless climbed to $592 billion, a $21 billion gain that works out to an increase of about four percent.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Trades Sideways  The  bitcoin price  spent the majority of the day fluctuating between $10,600 and $11,800 and is currently trading at $11,637, placing it toward the higher end of that spectrum. Bitcoin now has a market cap of $201.3 billion, which represents a 24-hour increase of two percent.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Ethereum Price Holds Above $1,000  Like bitcoin, ethereum traded sideways on Friday but ended the day on a slight incline. At present, the  ethereum price  is $1,060, which is an increase of about four percent from yesterday and translates into a $105.7 billion market cap.  Ethereum Price Chart  Ripple Price Outperforms the Index  Ripple, meanwhile, outperformed the index for the second consecutive day. Since briefly falling below $0.90 on Wednesday, the  ripple price  has increased by nearly 100 percent.  Ripple ’s strong showing is likely connected to investor optimism over the increasing number of financial institutions who are adopting Ripple ’s blockchain technology. While only one major firm  — MoneyGram  — has implemented the XRP token itself, investors appear willing to bet that others will integrate it in the future.  Ripple Price Chart  At the time of writing, the ripple price was $1.64, which constitutes a single-day gain of 10 percent and provides XRP with a circulating market cap of $65.6 billion.  Altcoins Post Mixed Returns  Altcoins rose a combined $14 billion on Friday, but many coins and tokens made little movement or even dipped back into the red.   Bitcoin cash and EOS each rose less than one percent, while cardano made a slight decrease to $0.64. Litecoin rose by about one-and-a-half percent, but its price continues to trade below $200.  NEO posted the worst performance among top 10-cryptocurrencies, but investors are unlikely to be concerned about this two percent decline as the  “Chinese Ethereum ” is still valued at $145.  Next to ripple, the day ’s top return came from NEM, which rose just under 10 percent to lift its price back above dollar parity.  Stellar rounded out the top 10 with a one percent increase to $0.51.  
INCREASE	   Portuguese Bank Santander Totta Backs Down, Allows Bitcoin-Related Transactions Twitter  Earlier this week,  CCN reported  that Portuguese branch of Spanish bank Santander, Banco Santander Totta, was blocking bitcoin-related transactions. The financial institution was blocking the transactions while claiming cryptocurrency exchanges were transacting in non-regulated financial products. Following a backlash, the bank has seemingly backed down, and is now processing these transactions.  Santander Totta was blocking transactions to and from popular cryptocurrency exchanges like Bitstamp and Coinbase. An employee even revealed the existence of an internal directive to block transactions using Coinbase’s IBAN. This, despite Coinbase being a digital currency organization In the European Union the country’s central bank, Banco de Portugal (BdP), authorizes.  The bank’s move forced some of its clients to switch banks, while others asked consumer protection organization DECO to step in. In response,  the consumer watchdog scolded the bank  for its move, stating it has “no known legal basis” to block cryptocurrency-related transactions.  The backlash forced the bank to send the press an update on the situation, clarifying it hasn’t adopted any measures against cryptocurrencies or cryptocurrency users. The bank added that it oversees its clients’ operations to ensure they comply with applicable regulations. Its update reads (roughly translated):  “Banco Santander Totta hasn’t adopted any measures against cryptocurrencies or those who operate with them (…) Naturally not being able to comment on the activity of its clients, Banco Santander Totta reaffirms that it follows all operations carried out within its scope, always complying with supervisory rules and legal regulations applicable to each case.”  According to local publication  ECO , the backlash got to Santander Totta, as at least one client confirmed he was able to transfer funds to Coinbase. This seemingly marks a victory for bitcoin in the country, as according to the publication the bank is now allowing transactions to and from bitcoin exchanges.  Various bitcoiners were already  signing a petition  that would be sent to the Portuguese parliament once it got to 1,000 signatures. The petition claimed Santander Totta’s move was attempting to keep “Portugal in the middle ages,” and accused the bank of not acting in its clients’ interest.  Santander Totta’s blockade was seemingly incomplete, as various users reportedly managed to transact to and from other cryptocurrency exchanges like Kraken. The financial institution hasn’t yet issued a statement on reenabling bitcoin-related transactions.  Meanwhile DECO, the same organization that scolded the bank for blocking bitcoin-related transactions, recently sent the Ministry of Finance, and the European commissioner in charge of consumer defense a  proposal to tax cryptocurrency gains.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   $10 Million: UBS Alum Banker Pivots, Launches New Cryptocurrency Fund Twitter  Investors have another cryptocurrency fund to choose from. Former UBS banker Jan Brzezek has launched a new cryptocurrency fund and is targeting $10 million by month ’s end,  as per Bloomberg . The crypto fund is currently domiciled offshore and is passive in nature (though an active product is planned for the summer), tracking the performance of the maiden blue-chip index for cryptocurrencies, said Brzezek. He is seeking approval from Swiss regulators to broaden the reach of the fund to more clients.  Brzezek ’s move from traditional banking to cryptocurrencies is indicative of a notable trend of similar moves, one that extends to a former BlackRock pair that decamped from the world ’s largest asset management firm  to run a crypto hedge fund .  Meanwhile, a trio of former Goldman Sachs employees unveiled an ETF-like cryptocurrency fund  targeting wealthy investors  on Jan. 1. Crescent Crypto Asset Management ’s debut fund gains exposure to nearly two-dozen cryptocurrencies, giving investors greater diversification than Brzezek ’s fund. One of the three former Goldman alums, Ali Hassan, entered bitcoin at $300 with the funds from a bonus given to him by his former employer,  as per the FT .  For his part, Brzezek has attracted the likes of Raymond J. Baer, honorary chairman of the Julius Baer Gruppe AG, and Susi Partners AG, Zurich ’s chief Tobias Reichmuth to the board.  The banker shift to crypto adds insult to injury for a traditional banking sector that has been caught in the middle of the rise of bitcoin and other altcoins despite the best efforts of some to suppress the movement.  CrytoFinance AG  Brzezek ’s  LinkedIn profile says  he ’s CEO and co-founder of  Switzerland-based CryptoFinance AG, with the tagline,  “We ’re building the first regulated crypto fund, prime broker and storage. ” The prime brokerage element suggests there could be leverage and shorting involved in the trades. He launched the new crypto initiative in May 2017, according to the profile, but the fund appears to be getting liftoff now.  The CryptoFinance fund targets institutional investors such as banks, asset management firms and wealth management offices instead of Main Street. It tracks an index that ’s calculated by SIX Swiss Exchange AG, a stock exchange, and is thus far comprised of bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum and Litecoin, weighted by market cap.  Eventually, the index that the new fund tracks will contain the price of nearly a dozen cryptocurrencies.  The bitcoin price plummeted more than 10% on Jan. 23 alone to near the $10,000 level, and similar price swings would be reflected in the performance of the fund. Check out this one-month chart of the bitcoin market cap below: Brzezek is the first to acknowledge, however, that volatility in cryptocurrencies is  “exceptionally high ” versus traditional asset classes. Unlike many asset managers, though, he recognizes an opportunity instead of pure risk. In other investment categories, he finds  “hardly any room for improvement. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Australia’s Biggest Gold Refiner Plans Gold-Backed Cryptocurency Twitter  Major Australian precious metals refinery, the Perth Mint, is developing its own gold-backed cryptocurrency in a bid to lure consumers back to investing in gold.  With a capacity of processing over 700 tons of gold per year, the Perth Mint is Australia’s biggest gold refiner. A heightened exodus of investors turning to new alternative investments in cryptocurrencies like bitcoin in recent years has spurred the refiner into – ironically – offering its own cryptocurrency wrestle some attention back to precious metals.  The company is in the process of developing a yet-untitled cryptocurrency backed by gold that would also be used for buying and selling crypto-gold on a blockchain, according to  ABC News .  Speaking to the publication, chief executive Richard Hayes highlighted a “massive flow of funds into the likes of Bitcoin” as investors veer away from traditional safe haven assets. A gold-backed cryptocurrency traded on a blockchain, he argued, has its own merits.  He stated:  “So it will have all the benefits of something that is on a distributed ledger that settles very, very quickly, that is easy to trade, but is actually backed by precious metals, so there is actually something behind it, something backing it. ”  Further, the executive also stressed that the company was interested in implementing blockchain technology into its own operators. A possible application could see the entire supply chain of a gold bullion traced from the mining site through to its sale to a consumer – traced and logged in an immutable, transparent blockchain.  The refiner’s foray into cryptocurrency and blockchain technology comes over a year after the UK Treasury announced its own ‘ digitized gold offering ’ where consumers will be able to buy, hold and sell gold instantly over a blockchain through a digital token dubbed Royal Mint Gold (RMG). The blockchain trading platform was  co-developed by bitcoin startup BitGo , facilitating trades of $1 billion in gold bars reserved at the Royal Mint’s vaults near Cardiff, Wales.  Ultimately, Perth Mint sees the offering as yet another platform for selling gold. “We certainly try to make it easier and easier, within reason, for people to access precious metals,” Hayes added. “This would just be another way for them to do it.”  The executive expects the gold backed cryptocurrency tokens to be offered at some point in the next 12 to 18 months.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Riot Blockchain Wins 500 BTC in Auction, CEO Predicts $50,000 Bitcoin Price in 2019 Twitter  Riot Blockchain has claimed 500 bitcoins from an auction held by the US Marshals Service, the latest move in its pivot to the nascent blockchain industry.  Riot Blockchain Wins 500 Bitcoins in US Marshals ’ Auction  The  former biotech firm  had sought to purchase an even larger slice of the 3,813 bitcoins that the US Marshals Service had seized through asset forfeiture but was outbid by an undisclosed individual or organization, according to a  Bloomberg  report.  The bitcoins that the company did win were obtained for close to market price, which works out to about $5.2 million at Monday’s exchange rate, which is when the  auction  was concluded.  Riot Blockchain, along with former iced tea producer  Long Blockchain , has become the face of cryptocurrency mania, and both companies have seen their share prices soar following their unusual pivots to the blockchain space.  Source: Bloomberg  On Tuesday, Riot Blockchain shares (NASDAD: RIOT) closed at $19.60, a nearly 300 percent increase from where they were at prior to the October rebrand.  However, like most companies that have made similar rebrands, Riot Blockchain’s stock has largely followed the trajectory of the bitcoin price, and the cryptocurrency market’s recent correction has correlated with a nearly 50 percent decline in the value of Riot Blockchain shares.  Nevertheless, the firm said that it is confident the markets will rebound and soar to new highs within the next 18 months.  “I believe we’ll be heading north of $50,000 market price within the next 12 to 18 months,” Riot Blockchain CEO John O’Rourke told Bloomberg in an interview.  “Our strategy at Riot is to accumulate Bitcoin and to provide our investors as much direct exposure as we can, hence we decided to participate in the auction, ” he added.  Regulators Warn Against  ‘Blockchain-R-Us ’ Schemes  US regulators, meanwhile, are warning investors to be cautious about investing in small companies that make questionable pivots into blockchain technology.  The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) has  said  that some of these firms are likely associating themselves with the latest fad to artificially inflate their share prices. Similarly, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has said that it is “ looking closely ” at “Blockchain-R-Us” schemes, particularly when these rebrands are accompanied by a large stock offering.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘Regulate it Out of Existence ’: Nobel Economist Fails to Find a Purpose for Bitcoin [Again] Twitter  Economist Joseph Stiglitz won the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences in 2001 for analyzing markets with asymmetric information, but he can ’t find a useful function for bitcoin. This according to a recent article in  Business Insider , which cited the Nobel-winning economists from Davos, Switzerland at the 2018 World Ecomomic Forum in an interview with Bloomberg. While in 2001 he was able to prove that an imbalanced trade or deal could provide a glimpse into market forces such as unemployment, he fails to see the point of bitcoin except to circumvent the law.  The More Things Change, the More They Stay the Same  Stiglitz  hasn ’t wavered  from his take on bitcoin a little over a year ago when he said that bitcoin was  “exaggerated, ” and that  “the main use has been to circumvent tax authorities and regulation. ”  Interesting how the more things change, the more they stay the same, as bitcoin has since  experienced unprecedented demand, a stratospheric rise in the price and innovations leading to new applications for the cryptocurrency, such as lending even to the unbanked, while Stiglitz, a Columbia University professor, hasn ’t revised his views at all.  The Greater Divide  One of Stiglitz ’s books is entitled:  “The Great Divide: Unequal Societies and What We Can Do About Them, ” taking aim at class warfare and inequality. While not perfect and not having escaped anti-money laundering efforts altogether, bitcoin at its best is designed for the social good and to bridge the gap between unequal societies, extending an olive branch to the unbanked and removing the friction from cross-border transactions among migrant workers, for instance. In a sense, by  dismissing bitcoin, he is creating a  “greater divide ” within society and missing a solution that addresses the very inequality he fought against because the idea was not his own.  Stiglitz is taking a position that isn ’t uncommon among policymakers and bankers, pitting centralized fiat money against cryptocurrencies despite the fact that many in the crypto community have said that there is room for both.  “We have a good medium of exchange called the dollar. We can trade in that. Why do people want bitcoin? For secrecy, ” said Stiglitz to Bloomberg.  Meanwhile, as even blockchain pioneers such as Ripple ’s Brad Garlinghouse favor some form of regulation, Stiglitz, who previously served as the World Bank ’s top economist, suggests that regulating bitcoin would do more harm for the cryptocurrency cause than good.  “My feeling is that when you regulate it so that you couldn ’t engage in money laundering and all these other things, there would be no demand for bitcoin, ” he said.  “So by regulating the abuses you are going to regulate it out of existence, ” said Stiglitz, who next month turns 75.  A tweet from  Pralahad Belavadi ’s bot  suggests that when economists finally demonstrate a  “fear of missing out ” and realize that the forces driving bitcoin are stronger than the forces against, bitcoin adoption will be complete.   RT Datavetaren: Nerd FOMO Nerd friends FOMO Nerd friends friends FOMO Hedge fund FOMO Hedge fund friends FOMO Wall street FOMO Politicians FOMO Governments FOMO Economists FOMO #bitcoin  adoption complete  — Knight Blade (@knightblade_bot)  December 11, 2017   That may be what this is all about, considering that when Stiglitz announced it was his decision to leave the World Bank as the chief economist  nearly two decades ago , there was  speculation that he was ousted .  Featured image from Flickr/ IMF .  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Exchange Coinbase Hits $1 Billion in Revenues, Rejects Investors: Report Twitter  Coinbase, the global cryptocurrency market’s largest brokerage and wallet platform, reportedly made over $1 billion in revenue last year, according to technology publication  Recode .  The company saw its popularity explode when the cryptocurrency ecosystem started seeing most top cryptocurrency skyrocket. So much so, Coinbase reportedly has over 13 million users, and even  suffered outages amid trading frenzies  last year. It got so popular, its app became number one on  Apple’s store after surpassing YouTube .  Per the publication, Coinbase’s $1.6 billion August valuation has now likely doubled, as the company was expected to do around $600 million in revenue last year. Bitcoin’s bull run, that saw the company add over 100,000 users in a day in November, boosted the company’s revenue past the $1 billion mark.  Coinbase, just like any other exchange, makes its money off of fees. The more users trying to get in on the cryptocurrency ‘craze’, the more it makes. Its success, according to Recode, now attracted venture capitalists and private brokers who are trying to buy shares. However, it doesn’t allow its current shareholders to sell to outside investors.  In a statement, the company stated:  “As a private company, Coinbase does not allow trading of stock on secondary markets for a variety of reasons, including the fact that there is not full and equal information available to the market. We will take appropriate action if we find people have sold Coinbase shares in violation of our agreements not to do so.”  As reported by CCN,  Coinbase raised $100 million  back in August, which means outside investors might have to wait a while before Coinbase is ready to raise more money. Problem is, some company insiders believe it may not fundraise again, meaning the August round could’ve been its last before an IPO.  The tech publication even adds that investors who spoke to company leadership were told they couldn’t currently buy Coinbase shares. One shareholder told the company he was constantly being pinged by secondary brokers, who were looking to get a small amount of shares. Another shareholder claimed venture capitalists were trying to see if he would part with any of his shares.  While none of the conversation seemingly progressed to price specifics, Coinbase told Recode it wasn’t aware of any secondary trades and declined to comment on being aware of any other stock conversations. The problem for outside investors, according to brokers, is that few shareholders are willing to sell, which makes it hard to price a deal.  A solution could come later this year, as the company may launch a tender offer. This way shareholders would be authorized to sell their stock to new investors, once the company opens its books.  While investors are seemingly falling head over heels for Coinbase, some in the cryptocurrency community aren’t that happy with the company. Coinbase has been  criticized  for spamming the bitcoin mempool, contributing to the network’s congestion. In response, Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong stated that “Coinbase is working on batching transactions, SegWit, and a number of other strategies to improve transaction backlog.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Payment Processor Stripe Walks Away from Bitcoin Twitter  Irish online payment processor Stripe  announced Tuesday  it will discontinue accepting bitcoin payments as of April 23, 2018. The company cites block size capacity, slow transaction confirmation times and high fees as the reasons behind the change. Stripe became the first major processor to accept bitcoin back in 2014.  Company product manager Tom Karlo goes on to mention that the company will continue to keep a close eye on emerging coins and platforms that may make doing business on blockchains viable again. He specifically mentions Bitcoin’s Lightning Network, Ethereum, and OmiseGO as promising projects.  Leaving The Party  Late last year, Bloomberg revealed that of the top 500 companies in the world,  only three  were accepting bitcoin as payment.  Issues with scaling, transaction times and fees don’t just affect retail businesses. Altcoins are also backing off of the bitcoin network. Storj, a blockchain-based cloud storage coin, announced last spring that they would be  moving to the Ethereum blockchain . The value of their token went up 400% shortly after migrating.  It’s becoming more and more clear that if Bitcoin wants to keep the top spot as the world’s most valuable cryptocurrency, something’s got to give. The fact is it’s no longer regarded as an easy way to pay for things. It has been more digital gold than digital cash for a long time now.  The fear of increased government regulation and the proliferation of pyramid schemes are certainly to blame for the recent plummeting of cryptocurrency valuations. That said, until proper scaling and interoperability solutions are put in place, bitcoin and its companions may eventually end up collecting dust in your digital coin collection.  That’s an opinion shared by many in the space, including Bitcoin Jesus himself, early adopter and influencer Roger Ver. Ver backs Bitcoin Cash as the future king of crypto. He believes it’s a much cheaper and faster alternative to Bitcoin and that businesses will be much more likely to adopt it as the go-to payment option.  Whether or not Ver is right remains to be seen. What is for sure though is that the competition will continue to gain on Bitcoin as projects like Cardano, Tezos and other so-called “blockchain 3.0” coins continue to develop.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Deja Vu! JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon Promises to Stop Talking about Bitcoin (Again) Twitter  JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon is done talking about Bitcoin, or so he says.  Jamie Dimon Promises to Stop Talking about Bitcoin (Again)  The noted bitcoin critic made this resolution while in Davos, Switzerland, for the World Economic Forum.  “I think you all have said enough, I’m not going to say anymore,” Dimon said of Bitcoin during an  interview with CNBC . “You talk about it too much. You should stop talking about it and go back to something relevant.”  If that statement sounds familiar, that ’s likely because Dimon made a  similar promise  last year. In October  — shortly after drawing headlines for labeling Bitcoin a  “ fraud ”  — Dimon vowed to stop talking about the flagship cryptocurrency.  “I’m not going to talk about Bitcoin anymore, ” he said.  Of course, like most resolutions, this one didn ’t stick, and by the next day, he was publicly bashing Bitcoin investors as  “stupid, ” although he once again said that he was not going to answer questions about Bitcoin anymore.  “I could care less about bitcoin. I don’t know why I said anything about it,” Dimon said, adding that it was the  “last time ” he would discuss it. “I don’t personally understand the value of something that has no actual value. You all can do whatever you want and I don’t care.”  This time, Dimon managed to go two months without a relapse, but he once again  broke his vow  following the launch of the first bitcoin futures contracts in mid-December.  “I remain highly skeptical, ” he said, although he stopped short of lobbing insults at Bitcoin or its investors.  In January, Dimon walked back some of his earlier comments, stating during an interview that he  “ regrets ” calling bitcoin a fraud but maintained that he is  “not interested ” in the subject.  ‘You Guys Are the Ones Popping This Whole Thing ’  But though the respected banking executive has tempered his criticisms of Bitcoin in recent interviews, he reserved some choice words for the hosts who continue to pester him with questions about the matter  “You guys are the ones popping this whole thing,” he quipped during today ’s interview, referencing the CNBC hosts, an accusation that has been leveled against the network on multiple occasions.  Last week, Jeffrey Robinson  — a crypto-skeptic who authored a book titled  BitCon  —  laid into the network  for deigning to even discuss Bitcoin.  “I blame this network for bringing on these snake oil salesmen who tell you what a great investment it is,” Robinson said.  Featured image from Flickr/ Fortune Global Forum .  
INCREASE	   8 Major South Korean Cryptocurrency Exchanges Fined $130,000 For Poor Security Standards Twitter  Eight major cryptocurrency exchanges in the South Korean market including Korbit, Coinone, Upbit, Coinplug, RippleForYou, and Coinpia have been fined in the range of $10,000 to $25,000 for having poor security measures.   Fined For Poor Security  With the exception of Bithumb, the largest cryptocurrency exchange in South Korea, which is also the second biggest trading platform in the global cryptocurrency market, the majority of cryptocurrency exchanges in the country have been fined by South Korea Communications Commission (KCSC).  The eight cryptocurrency exchanges that were fined for a total amount of $130,000 are said to be in violation of the Information and Communication Network Act and Privacy Act.  According to Yonhap News, a South Korean mainstream media outlet, KCSC alongside the Ministry of Science, Technology, and Information, and the South Internet Development Agency launched a full investigation into local cryptocurrency exchanges from October 10 to December 28 in 2017.  Out of the 10 cryptocurrency exchanges that were investigated by the five ministries, eight were found to be in violation of the Information and Communication Network Act, and to have implemented poor security measures.  The  official statement  of the South Korea Communications Commission  translated at CCN read:  “While daily trading volumes and the number of users of cryptocurrency exchanges are increasing exponentially, local trading platforms have implemented extremely poor security measures. Basic measures including access control device installation and operation, storage of user passwords, and protection of users were integrated poorly.”  Coinone and Yapian received a combined penalty of over $50,000 for failing to store account passwords and sensitive user information securely. The KCSC emphasized that the two cryptocurrency exchanges did not segregate user accounts that were inactive for more than a year.  Korbit, the third largest exchange in the South Korean market, was fined $20,000 for lacking security breach detection tools and a server intrusion prevention system. Upbit, the most popular cryptocurrency-to-cryptocurrency exchange in South Korea that is operated by Dunamu, a subsidiary of KakaoTalk operator Kakao, was fined $20,000 for being in violation of Privacy Act.  Low Penalties, Optimistic  A KCSC spokesperson told Yonhap stated that the penalties received by local cryptocurrency exchanges are “far too small,” and the KCSC is aware of it. But, given that the exchanges were found in violation of Privacy Act and other policies for the first time since their launch, the agency imposed a smaller fine.   The imposition of fines against cryptocurrency exchanges for poor security measures is optimistic for the South Korean cryptocurrency market in the long run, because it has shown that the government has taken the approach of regulating the market and protecting investors, rather than issuing an outright ban on cryptocurrency trading.   The KCSC provided the eight exchanges a 30-day deadline to implement necessary security measures and systems to prevent the theft of user information, account data, and funds. Lee Hyo-sung, the chairman of KCSC, said in a press conference that the agency will ensure South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges will operate with better security measures to protect investors and traders .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrenvy Hedge Fund Calls IOTA “Sharply Overvalued” Twitter  When you ask crypto investors what they have their eye on, you’ll get an entire list and most of them include IOTA. However, some seem to think that IOTA’s future is uncertain.  Earlier today cryptocurrency hedge fund Multicoin Capital, based in Austin, Texas  released  their analysis of IOTA. While the analysis was primarily in regards to the value of the currency, it also explored what Multicoin Capital sees as the currency’s major flaws.  At the time of this writing, the IOTA price is $2.51. In December of 2017, the price was over $5. Since the Multicoin Capital analysis was released today, they believe that IOTA is overvalued in the $2.50 range which is approximately half of what it was just a month ago.  Why do they believe it’s overvalued? The answer is actually quite simple. While IOTA has plenty of potential in the internet of things, at this point IOTA is not being utilized on a large scale for any singular purpose other than investing. The creators of IOTA didn’t intend for it to simply be a store of value, the technology behind it is all about function and the world hasn’ t really found a place for IOTA yet.  Cited Concerns  The analysts at Multicoin Capital examined IOTA thoroughly. While they offered criticism, they also praised the developers for things such as the currency’s DAG base, the lack of fees, and IOTA’s scalability.  One of their primary concerns is the fact that the IOTA Coordinator is centralized. While the currency itself is decentralized, the Coordinator that keeps it safe from attacks is not. The actual level of safety provided by the Coordinator has not been verified by an outside party due to the fact that it’s closed source.  Another concern voiced by Multicoin Capital ties to the current lack of utilization faced by IOTA. As mentioned, the world hasn’t found a specific place for IOTA yet. One of the reasons for this is that present IOT devices require hardware upgrades to use the IOTA network. Their analysts see this as one of the most significant problems for the future of IOTA.  While other concerns were expressed by Multicoin Capital in addition to those covered here, the final factor against IOTA that will be discussed in this article is its software problems. These issues were discovered at the MIT Media Lab.  To sum up the software problems simply, IOTA was developed with vulnerabilities. The development team knew about them but the public was not aware until the discovery at the MIT Media Lab. Even after the software vulnerabilities were discovered, it took months to get an official statement from the IOTA team on the issue.  The analysts at Multicoin Capital have strong opinions about IOTA. While they are concerned about the future of this cryptocurrency, they also want to see it reach its potential. Like many others, they want to see solutions to a few problems before they dive in.  IOTA did not respond to CCN ’s request for a comment up to press time.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Analyst: Now is the Best Time to Invest in Bitcoin, Even After Recent Correction Twitter  Brian Kelly, cryptocurrency hedge fund BKCM manager and CNBC Fast Trader contributor, believes now is the best time to invest in bitcoin, even after the major correction that hit the global cryptocurrency market.  Nearly 50% from All-Time High   Since reaching an all-time high at around $19,000 in December 2017, the price of bitcoin has decreased by around 50 percent, from $19,000 to $11,000, along with rest of the cryptocurrencies in the global market. With the exception of Ethereum, most major cryptocurrencies such as Ripple and Bitcoin Cash have decreased significantly, by more than 50 percent.  While the price of bitcoin has dropped substantially, Kelly stated that the market is experiencing a shift in trend in which volumes are migrating from the Asian market to US and Europe-based retail traders. Through bitcoin futures and strictly regulated exchanges, an increasing number of institutional investors have started to invest in the cryptocurrency market.   “Now, when everyone is saying  … it ’s over, that ’s it, bitcoin is dead, for the 175th time. Now ’s the time you start looking at it, on the buy side. And that money is still coming in. The flows have not stopped. This is not the end of bitcoin,”  said Kelly.  Even though the cryptocurrency market has evolved into a $550 billion industry, bitcoin remains as the only cryptocurrency with the backing of institutional investors, financial institutions, and strictly regulated exchanges like the Chicago Board Options Exchange (Cboe) and CME Group.  Thus, while alternative cryptocurrencies have become significantly more popular over the past six months, institutional investors that enter the cryptocurrency market will invest in bitcoin first, before planning to diversify their assets to other cryptocurrencies.   It is also important to acknowledge that the tax return filing season in the US is imminent and the South Korean cryptocurrency market is expected to enable new investors to open trading accounts by the end of January. These two factors will likely contribute to a surge in the volume and price of major cryptocurrencies, especially bitcoin.   Caution  Kelly emphasized that the cryptocurrency market is a bull market and the vast majority of investors within it are highly optimistic and enthusiastic. But, he noted that investors must be able to handle 20 to 30 percent corrections, as major corrections are regular events in the cryptocurrency sector.   “These things can move 20 percent to 30 percent in a day,”  said Kelly,  noting that one critical mistake investors in the sector often make is selling too early.  “Once there ’s momentum, you hold onto this thing [even if it is up 20 to 30 percent].”  As Litecoin creator Charlie Lee stated previously, a bull cycle is almost always followed by a bear market. Bitcoin and most major cryptocurrencies have had an incredible year in 2017 in terms of user growth, increase in market valuation, and mainstream exposure. Throughout December and January, the market has experienced some of the largest corrections in the past few years.  However, as a bull cycle is followed a bear market, a bear cycle is also followed by a bull market. As the cryptocurrency market continues to recover from its recent corrections, bitcoin, being the reserve asset of the market, will likely increase in value in the short-term.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Cap Adds $50 Billion as Ripple, Stellar, and NEO Surge Twitter  The cryptocurrency market cap added $50 billion on Wednesday, rebounding from a correction that caused it to dip as low as $415 billion last week. The rally lifted the bitcoin price above $11,000, while Ripple, Cardano, Stellar, and NEO all posted double-digit percentage advances.  Source: CoinMarketCap  At present, the cryptocurrency market cap is valued at $551 billion, which represents a single-day increase of 10 percent and a $136 billion recovery from last week ’s low point.  Bitcoin Price Floats Past $11,000  The Bitcoin price posted a strong performance on Wednesday, rising nine percent to a present value of $11,360 on Bitfinex. This extended the rally that began on Tuesday afternoon, immediately after the flagship cryptocurrency made a  brief foray  into sub-$10,000 territory.  At present, Bitcoin has a market cap of $192.4 billion, meaning that it needs less than a four percent bump to once again cross the $200 billion threshold.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Ethereum Price Targets $1,100  The Ethereum price achieved a solid return as well, tracking the market index with a 10 percent rise to $1,050. Ethereum now has a $102.6 billion market cap, which makes it nearly twice as large as XRP, its closest competitor.  Ethereum Price Chart  Ripple, Stellar, and NEO Achieve Outsized Returns  Altcoins achieved a near-universal advance against the dollar on Wednesday, and several top 10-cryptocurrencies managed to post double-digit percentage returns.  Ripple ’s XRP token rose by 11 percent to $1.40, increasing its market cap to $53.6 billion. Bitcoin Cash slightly lagged the index but nevertheless made a nine percent gain to $1,654.  Cardano, the fifth-largest cryptocurrency by market cap, saw its price rise by 13 percent to $0.60, while EOS lagged the index with an eight percent return.  Stellar posted a top 10-best 25 percent rally, largely because payment processor Stripe hinted that it may  add support for XLM payments  in the future. The rally enabled Stellar to pass litecoin  — which only rose seven percent for the day  — in the market cap rankings.  NEO ’s 22 percent increase was second-best among top-tier coins, and the  “Chinese Ethereum ” is now trading at a global average of $137.  NEM rounded out the top ten with a relatively tepid seven percent return and is currently trading just below $1.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Indonesia Central Bank Goes ‘Undercover’ to Check on Bitcoin in Bali Twitter  Indonesian authorities, including the central bank, are looking into the use of bitcoin as a currency in various retail establishments across the holiday island of Bali.  It was October 2017 when Bank Indonesia, the country’s central bank,  issued a public notice  outlawing bitcoin as a payment instrument. At the time, central bank governor Agus Martowardojo issued a threat to bitcoin adopters who defied the authority’s orders, stating “those who use it will be dealt with.”  In spite of the warning, bitcoin continued to find acceptance among a large number of businesses in Bali, a popular tourist destination island in Indonesia. After learning of the activity through social media, Bank Indonesia (BI) Bali office chief Causa Iman Karana revealed a joint operation among central bank officials and police who went  ‘undercover ’ to investigate bitcoin-friendly businesses, near the end of 2017.  As reported by  The Jakarta Post , the team found 44 businesses – including car rentals, hotels, jewelry stores and travel agencies – welcoming the use of the world’s first cryptocurrency.  “We found out from some postings on social media that Bali appeared to have become a haven for bitcoin transactions,” Karana told media.  He went on to add:  The next step is we will ban them as mandated by the law. We ask them not to use it anymore. Along with the Directorate of Special Crime Investigation unit, we will enforce the rule that all transactions in Indonesia must use rupiah [the country’s fiat currency].  The crackdown is certain to sting bitcoin adopters in Bali, an island that is Indonesia’s primary tourism hub with a significant expatriate community who use the cryptocurrency over others.  While bitcoin is currently banned as a payment method, Indonesian authorities could increase their scrutiny even further by drafting regulation that would enact  a complete ban  of all cryptocurrency activity – trading and transactions  – sometime in 2018. The BI’s  latest warning  on bitcoin, deeming it a ‘bubble’, was issued this month as a notice urging citizens not to “sell, buy or trade” cryptocurrencies, seen as a threat to “the stability of the financial system.”  Bali image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrencies Should Not be Banned: CEO of Russia’s Largest Bank Twitter  Influential Russian banker and bitcoiner Herman Gref, head of Sberbank, has reaffirmed his position in opposing a ban of cryptocurrencies.  While Russian authorities have considerably softened their previously-hostile stance on cryptocurrencies, the chief executive of Russia’s biggest bank has gone a step further in urging authorities to be patient with decentralized currencies – even with regulation.  Russian authorities and financial officials should be tolerant of cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology, Russian news agency  TASS  quotes Sberbank CEO Herman Gref as stating. The banker went a step further, stressing that cryptocurrencies are yet to be understood and any regulation should be measured and considered, not reactionary.  “Before trying to regulate it, it is necessary to maintain a normal background around the blockchain technology and cryptocurrency,” Gref said. “It is necessary to explain to people that it does not store value, but right now is rather a very dangerous thing, like a lottery or a casino,” he added, presumably referencing the soaring rise in adoption, among retail investors  & everyday citizens, and value of cryptocurrencies in 2017.  He went on to add:  It [crypotocurrencies] should not be banned, as it is a great new technology in development, which no one is yet to comprehend.  Gref’s latest comments see the banker doubling down on his position against a ban on any fa
INCREASE	   Stellar Price Soars 20 Percent After Stripe Teases Support Twitter  Stellar price leaped by 20 percent after payment processor Stripe teased that it may add support for XLM in the future.  Stellar Price Soars by 20 Percent  The cryptocurrency markets made a bullish pivot this morning, and Stellar is leading the charge.  After spending most of January on a gradual decline, the Stellar price leaped by 20 percent on Wednesday, ripping past $0.50 to reach a present value of $0.54 on Bittrex.  Stellar now has a $9.9 billion market cap, which makes it the seventh-largest cryptocurrency and places it just $25 million behind sixth-ranked litecoin.  XLM Price Chart  More than half of all XLM trading volume is concentrated on South Korean exchange Upbit, where it is traded against the won, while XLM/BTC pairs from Binance, Bittrex, and Poloniex make up most of the difference.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Stripe Teases Support for Stellar  Several clear factors are fueling Stellar ’s latest bull run.  Most significantly, payment processor Stripe teased that it may add Stellar as a payment option in the future. Earlier this week, the company  announced  that it was winding down support for bitcoin due to its declining utility as a payment medium but said it would  “look for opportunities ” to bring back cryptocurrency payments.  “We may add support for Stellar (to which we provided seed funding) if substantive use continues to grow, ” Stripe ’s Tom Karlo said, adding that the company was also interested in the  Lightning Network , OmiseGO, and various other projects.  This development followed CCN ’s  earlier report  that Reddit co-founder Alex Ohanian Sr. tweeted out apparent support for Stellar and said the project ’s subreddit is  “definitely worth subscribing to. ”  The rally also precedes the reported Jan. 25 release of Stellar ’s updated roadmap, which may or may not be adding legs to XLM ’s climb.  Finally, Stellar often posts huge gains on days when ripple ’s XRP token is outperforming the market index, and this was the case again today, as the ripple price ’s 10 percent increase is one of the day ’s better performances.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   China Signals Clampdown on Digital Currency Pyramid Schemes Twitter  China’s Ministry of Public Security and the State Administration for Industry and Commerce (SAIC) have decided to jointly work to curb the spread of online pyramid schemes, according to a  ministry notice . The public security organs have detected a large number of national pyramid schemes, including some involving cryptocurrency.  The notice comes amidst reports of a plan by the  People ’s Bank of China  to encourage the government to ban  cryptocurrency trading .  While progress has been made against such pyramid schemes, such activities are still a problem, in particular Internet pyramid schemes which cause major economic losses to masses of people and distort the social credit system, the notice stated.  The joint action will focus on different types of multi-level marketing (MLM) activities. One group of activities is characterized as “rebate consumer,” “mutual funds,” “virtual currency,” “investment management” and “online games.” Another type of criminal activity falls under the guise of “charity,” “helping the poor,” “ innovation,” “average wealth” and “civil-military integ ration.”  A third type of criminal activity involves online pyramid selling activities for disadvantaged groups such as students, subsistence allowances and the disabled.  Target: MLM Organizations  Members of these network MLM organizations assist in the transfer of funds and provide website design and maintenance, the notice stated.  The public security organs and the industrial and commercial departments will work to strengthen the linkage between them to control criminal activity. They will also work with criminal justice and administrative law enforcement.  The security organs will establish network monitoring mechanisms involving telecommunications management as well as large Internet companies.  Also read:  China to restrict cryptocurrency OTC trading and mining, no definite plans yet  Focus On Cyber Attacks  A special action known as “net net 2018” will work to prevent cyber attacks and promote website registration and support the inspection of advertisements.  “We will conduct all-round and efficient inspections and dispositions and make great efforts to purify the cyberspace so as to comprehensively promote the establishment of ‘MLM-free network platform’ and ‘MLM-free communities, ” the notice stated.  The security organs will also offer advice to government organizations and promote the status of network marketing. They will punish the members of the pyramid selling organizations and safeguard the rights of the broad masses of people and the economy and the financial order.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   English Football Giant Arsenal FC Lands an  ‘Official Cryptocurrency Partner ’ Twitter  Arsenal Football Club has inked a landmark sponsorship deal with  CashBet Coin in a move likely to attract criticism.  CashBet Coin (CBC) is designed specifically for iGaming and will become the default cryptocurrency on the CashBet platform. The ERC20 currency will be launched during the company’s Initial Coin Offering (ICO). Pre-sales in the ICO commenced yesterday.  CashBet, an Oakland, California-based online gaming business, already features Arsenal footballers on their  website . The company claims to be the ‘only mobile-first platform for real-money, social, and skill-based interactive gaming’. The platform offers casino and sports betting features among others.      The agreement with the sporting giant will provide in-stadium advertising at Arsenal home Premier League games at Emirates Stadium. The Premier League boasts a global ‘reach’ of over 600 million homes, with a typical match watched live by up to  80 million people worldwide . Arsenal was the third highest earning club in England in the  2016-17 season , behind only Manchester United and Manchester City.   A storied club with thirteen League titles and  a record thirteen FA Cups, Arsenal  are said to be the most popular football team in  China . They are also wildly popular in Southeast Asia, with an  online merchandise store  dedicated to serving the region. The store lists prices in Malaysian Ringgit, Indian Rupees, Thai Baht, Vietnamese Dong and Singaporean Dollars.  The deal with CashBet Coin is a first in the cryptocurrency world. While gambling agencies have long been prominent sponsors of sporting clubs, and while CashBet is regulated by the Gambling Commission in the UK, ICOs are unregulated. Ernst  & Young only recently  reported  that of the $3.7 billion invested in ICOs in 2017, ten percent of it was lost or stolen.  Joining Emirates Airlines, Gatorade, Puma, and Vitality Insurance, CashBet will be hoping to benefit from the exposure its Arsenal partnership will deliver. Arsenal reportedly has  142 million worldwide fans , giving it the fifth largest football fan base in the world.  They have a Chinese version of their website and a site dedicated to North American fans. They are also growing in popularity in Asia and Africa. It remains to be seen whether CashBet’s foray into sports sponsorship will pave the way for other cryptocurrency players to do the same. It will also be interesting to see if other clubs follow suit and embrace the blockchain community.  With the controversy currently surrounding ICOs, this may be a move that will help lend legitimacy to the tainted image of initial coin offerings.    Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Trader Made Millions Trading on Margin  — And Then Lost It All Twitter  A bitcoin trader allegedly lost nearly 200 bitcoins during the recent cryptocurrency market correction, which forced the bitcoin price as low as $9,231 after peaking at $19,891 last month.  The  tragic story , which was posted on the Bitcoin Markets subreddit, is a stark reminder of how fleeting crypto wealth can be  — and how bitcoin traders and investors can often mistake luck for supernatural skill.  The trader, whose account has now been deleted, said that he or she took $3,000 in poker winnings and turned it into nearly 200 BTC by betting successfully on last year’s bull market.  By trading on margin and correctly predicting that the bitcoin price would increase, the user was able to multiply the value of his or her position. Had the trader closed out the position at its most profitable, he or she would have walked away with 300 bitcoins, worth nearly $5 million at the time.  “I thought I was a trading genius, a god, whatever,” the author said, at which time the story takes a tragic turn.  The trader increased his or her position size and leverage in mid-December, as the bitcoin price hit $16,000 following its first dip to $11,000.  This proved to be the first of several critical mistakes, as the trader’s entire 50 BTC position was liquidated when the  market dropped  down to $12,000. He or she was still holding 150 BTC, which would have been a significant  — potentially life-altering  — profit reaped from an initial investment of just $3,000  A few bad trades later, however, and those holdings evaporated as well, leaving him or her with nothing to show for a years’ worth of trading.  “At this time I am still in shock,” the trader wrote,” the last few months I’ve neglected relationships and school, and I’ve been daydreaming about living the high life rich as f –k with my millions.”  Many investors were captivated by the market’s outsized gains in 2017, leading them to make similarly-unfortunate decisions. A  recent survey , for instance, found that approximately 20 percent of investors who bought bitcoin using a credit card had not paid off the balance.  Having weathered a myriad of bitcoin price swings, long-time industry observers like ShapeShift CEO Erik Voorhees and Union Square Ventures co-founder Fred Wilson have said that it is wise to take profits when a position becomes extremely profitable and use those funds to  pay off consumer debt  or perhaps  diversify into other assets .  Unfortunately, this trader did not heed that advice.  “I never want to hear the word BTC again because I want to forget,” the post concluded.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   “Bubble, Ponzi, An Environmental Disaster ”: Central Banking Chief Blasts Bitcoin While Global Stock Market Loses Trillions Twitter  The global stock market has lost an estimated $4 trillion over the course of the past eight days, leaving investors running to gold and other alternative investments to stem the bleeding in their portfolios.  Against this backdrop, Agustin Carstens  — general manager of the Bank for International Settlements (BIS), nicknamed the “central banks’ central bank”  — took the stage at Goethe University’s House of Finance on Tuesday. But Carstens didn’t come to Frankfurt to talk about equities  — he came to talk about Bitcoin.  Carstens, whose  speech  was titled “Money in the digital age: what role for central banks?,” castigated Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as both poor technologies and poor payment systems.   “Novel technology is not the same as better technology or better economics,” he said. “That is clearly the case with Bitcoin: while perhaps intended as an alternative payment system with no government involvement, it has become a combination of a bubble, a Ponzi scheme and an environmental disaster.”   These, of course, are  well-worn ,  largely inaccurate   critiques , and Carstens should know better. But, as with almost anyone who evaluates Bitcoin  — whether as good or ill  — he has an agenda, and that agenda is to prevent cryptocurrencies from becoming entrenched in the financial system and undermining trust in central banks.  “Private digital tokens masquerading as currencies must not subvert this trust [in central banks],” he said, before proceeding to layout a “strong case” for banking regulators to place the squeeze on the cryptoasset ecosystem.  Accordingly,  “authorities are edging closer and closer to clamping down to contain the risks related to cryptocurrencies,” he said. “There is a strong case for policy intervention” intended to “safeguard payment systems” and deny cryptocurrencies access to institutional financial infrastructure, because  — you can probably guess what’s coming next  — cryptocurrencies are only useful for “ illicit or illegal transactions .”  He added that commercial banks need to stop giving cryptocurrency-related services  preferential treatment , which  — apparently  — includes an action as anathemic advertising that they have an on-site Bitcoin ATM.  Of course, if establishing this  “ level playing field ” does not take the  “oxygen ” out of Bitcoin and its sisters, he said that regulators can always tip the scales in their favor later on.  “Financial authorities may also have a case to intervene to ensure financial stability, ” he concluded,  “if authorities do not act pre-emptively, cryptocurrencies could become more interconnected with the main financial system and become a threat to financial stability. ”  Featured image from Flickr/ International Monetary Fund .  
INCREASE	   North Korea Stole Billions on Won in Cryptocurrency, Says South Korea Twitter  South Korean intelligence officials have accused state-sponsored North Korean hackers have stolen cryptocurrency worth billions of won.  In a parliamentary briefing on Monday, South Korea’s intelligence agency told government officials and lawmakers that long-standing reports of multiple thefts of domestic cryptocurrency exchanges by North Korea has run into the billions of won, a scale of tens of millions of dollars, in 2017.  Without revealing the names of the hacked exchanges, Kim Byung-kee, a member of South Korea’s parliamentary intelligence committee, told lawmakers in a statement reported by  Reuters :  “North Korea sent emails that could hack into cryptocurrency exchanges and their customers’ private information and stole (cryptocurrency) worth billions of won. ”  Citing sources in Parliament, Korean publication  Kyodo News  is reporting that the National Intelligence Service (NIS) still believes that North Korea is continually trying to hack into South Korean exchanges to steal cryptocurrencies.  Notably, the news report also reveals an ongoing investigation by the NIS to check whether North Korea was involved in the theft of 58 billion yen ($534 million) in cryptocurrency from Japanese cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck last month.  As CCN  reported  last year, major South Korean cryptocurrency exchange Bithumb was the target of a hack which resulted in the loss of personal data of an estimated 31,000 users and hundreds of millions of won in losses from customer accounts. Now, the NIS has laid claim to have gathered enough evidence to suggest that North Korea was involved in the hack and subsequent theft that began with ph ishing emails targeting employees at the exchange.  North Korea has been continually accused of cryptocurrency theft from South Korea and beyond in recent years, raising questions of a possible  stockpiling of cryptocurrency  by Kim Jong-Un’s regime. According to some estimates – there’s no way to be sure  – North Korea has an army of some 1,700 state-sponsored hackers further aided by a supporting staff of 5,000 individuals.  In early 2017, a South Korean cybersecurity firm claimed North Korean hackers stole bitcoin  worth 100 million won , approx. USD $90,000, every month from 2013-2015 to increase reserves of its hard (safe haven currency) as a means to nullify the effect of global economic sanctions.  Frequent reports have pointed to South Korean exchanges as  common targets , as a detailed report by cybersecurity firm FireEye firmly pointed the finger at North Korean hackers  stealing bitcoin to fund Pyongyang’s elite  and Kim Jong UN’s regime.  In December, South Korean cryptocurrency exchange Youbit  filed for bankruptcy  following the theft of 17% of its bitcoin reserves from its hot wallet. North Korean hackers are seen as  the prime suspects  behind the hack.  South Korea’s National Police Agency (NPA)  published its own findings  from an investigation looking into several cybersecurity incidents falling upon domestic exchanges. In it, the police confirmed North Korean hackers targeted a total of 25 employees across 4 domestic exchanges with at least 10 sperate phishing attacks.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   New Zealand Cryptocurrency Exchange Forced into Bank Account Closure Twitter  Cryptocurrency exchange Cryptopia has announced that its bank is to close its New Zealand dollar-tethered (NZDT) trading accounts.  “Unfortunately, our current bank has notified us that they intend to close our NZDT account on 9 February. Due to this, we are announcing an immediate halt to NZDT deposits from COB today and we are asking all customers to cease sending NZD deposits to our NZDT account, ” read an  announcement  from Cryptopia.  However, the exchange has received an extension from the bank on its NZDT account for withdrawals until the 31 March.  In a recent  update , Cryptopia said:  We ’re still working on a number of options to resolve deposits and will update with news as it happens.  Cryptopia is an exchange that enables traders to deposit, trade, and withdraw over 400 digital currencies including bitcoin and litecoin, according to its website. By converting New Zealand dollars to cryptocurrency by depositing it into the NZDT account, traders have a way of getting into and out of the market.  As a result of the closure, the exchange is offering a competitive rate to traders holding NZDT to convert to bitcoin. Cryptopia added that while it was searching for  ‘secure alternative banking services, ’ it was also preparing for the possibility that there may be a period of time between the closure and when they can deliver services again, adding:  Rest assured, Cryptopia is committed to ensuring our users remain the top priority and have access to their funds at all times.  Richard MacManus, a technology columnist and trader at Cryptopia took to  social media  to say that it wasn ’t just Cryptopia that was facing problems with banks in the country.  I ’m hearing that at least one other NZ crypto exchange is having trouble with NZ banks. So it ’s not just @Cryptopia_NZ. The problem here is the NZ banks, who are preventing kiwis from fully participating in  # bitcoin  &  # blockchain revolution.  This is in stark contrast to Australian banks, which have  ruled out banning customers  from purchasing digital currencies such as bitcoin. Yet, according to Karen Scott-Howman, New Zealand Bankers ’ Association chief executive, one of the main reasons that banks are struggling with digital currencies was due to  anti-money laundering laws .  She said:  Banks have an important role to play in meeting the law ’s aims. They take their obligations under the law very seriously. They ’ve invested heavily in policies, systems, processes and staff training to ensure they identify, manage and mitigate any risks that the law targets.  She added that banks were required to be able to identify the senders and receivers of funds, as well as knowing the source of where those funds were coming from.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Without Bitcoin, There Would Be No Blockchain: CFTC Chairman Tells US Senate Twitter  The chairmen of two top US market regulatory agencies largely stuck to the script during Tuesday’s Senate hearing on potential cryptocurrency regulations.  The hearing, which was held by the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, touched on a broad range of regulatory concerns related to cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology, including initial coin offerings (ICOs), trading platforms, derivatives and exchange-traded funds (ETFs), and the assets’ perceived use to perpetrate financial crimes and subvert intern ational sanctions.  In their  opening statements , both Clayton and Giancarlo expressed concern about the fact that cryptocurrency exchanges are currently regulated at the state level rather than the federal, and each reiterated that, at some undefined point in the future, Congress may want to increase federal regulators’ ability to oversee the spot markets.  Jay Clayton, chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), continually shifted the conversation back to ICOs, noting that he has not seen an ICO that should not be classified as a security under federal regulations  — a  statement  he has repeated on several past occasions.  He also provided insight into why the SEC has resisted fund sponsors’ attempts to list  Bitcoin ETFs , explaining that because ETFs primarily target retail investors and are largely one-sided markets, rules governing their creation must be more strict than those for futures contracts, which are overseen by the CFTC. He said that, if these rules are satisfied at a later date, the SEC will then be open to reviewing its stance on Bitcoin ETFs.  Chairman Giancarlo, meanwhile, won the hearts of Bitcoin enthusiasts with several comments that appeared to be hat tips to the community. First, he made what is almost certainly the first use of the word “hodl” during a Congressional hearing. Then, toward the end of the hearing, he contradicted the common misconception that Bitcoin is riding the coattails of blockchain technolo gy.  He told the committee:  “It’s important to remember that if there was no Bitcoin, there would be no blockchain. ”   Altogether, the hearing may not have led to any bombshells, but it confirmed what has already been made apparent: new cryptocurrency regulations are likely coming to the US market.  “We may be back with our friends from the U.S. Treasury and the Fed to ask for additional legislation,” Chairman Clayton said during the hearing, and  — based on the tone of questions from individual committee members  — legislators are likely to give it to them.  Featured image from YouTube/CFTC.  
INCREASE	   Singapore Airlines Will Launch a Blockchain Loyalty Wallet App for Frequent Flyers Twitter  Singapore Airlines, one of the world’s leading airline operators, is set to launch a blockchain-based loyalty wallet to enhance and further frequent flyers’ spending of accumulated air miles.  Singapore Airlines (SIA), has  announced  its plan to launch a loyalty digital wallet based on blockchain technology for its KrisFlyer frequent-flyer program, enabling travelers to easily spend their air miles at retail partners. The application will help with ‘everyday spending’ of passengers’ digital KrisFlyer miles in ‘point-of-sale transactions at participating retail merchants,’ the announcement added.  While details are scarce, SIA will deploy its own private blockchain that sees participating merchants and partners for the digital loyalty program. The airline operator confirmed a successful deployment of the application in a proof-of-concept trial in collaboration technology partner Microsoft and testing base KPMG’s Digital Village in Singapore.  The endeavor is a notable endorsement of blockchain technology by one of the world ’s most popular and highly-rated airline operators  – also Singapore ’s national airline  – in a country that commonly serves as a major transit hub in Asia.  Laying claim to launching the ‘world’s first blockchain-based airline loyalty digital wallet’, Singapore Airlines CEO Goh Choon Phong stated:  “This groundbreaking development in which we will be using blockchain technology to ‘digitalise’ KrisFlyer miles is a demonstration of the investment we are making to significantly enhance the digital side of our business for the benefit of our customers. ”  The application is expected to roll out for customers in about six months. Singapore Airlines is currently roping in retail merchant partners, initially in Singapore, for its blockchain wallet air miles program.  Singapore Airlines’ initiative to foray into the blockchain space joins a number of other airlines and airports in the aviation industry to embrace cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology. Last month, Brisbane international airport  began accepting cryptocurrencies  like bitcoin at retail stores within its terminals. A  Polish airline  began accepting bitcoin as early as mid-2015 while  Peach Aviation  became Japan’s first airline to accept the cryptocurrency last year.  In other use cases,  Russian airline S7  began using the Ethereum blockchain to sell flight tickets last year whereas  Air New Zealand  confirmed its research into using the public Ethereum blockchain for “a number of potential use cases.” French insurance giant AXA also began using Ethereum’s public blockchain to  automate compensation for air travelers  as a part of its flight delay insurance offering.  Elsewhere, German airline giant Lufthansa  invested  in a Swiss blockchain startup through an ICO last year, revealing its intent to plug in to a B2B blockchain marketplace, also based on a public Ethereum blockchain.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Australia’s ‘Big Four’ Banks Will Not Prohibit Bitcoin Buy Transactions Twitter  Australia’s biggest banks have ruled out any notion of barring customers from buying cryptocurrencies like bitcoin.  In marked contrast to a handful of US-based Wall Street banks and one major UK banking group, Australia’s traditional ‘big four’ banks won’t be withholding their customers from buying cryptocurrencies using their banks’ services, including credit cards, Australia’s ABC news  reports .  While Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ) rejects dealing with businesses operating as ‘issuers, dealers or exchanges’ of cryptocurrency due to their unregulated nature, the bank has no qualms about its customers buying cryptocurrencies with their money.  Speaking to ABC, an ANZ spokesman said the bank:  “[D]oes not prohibit buying digital or cryptocurrencies, or accepting them as a form of payment.”  A spokeswoman for Westpac, Australia’s second-largest bank by market capitalization, added: “We currently have no restrictions on credit card use to purchase cryptocurrency.”  National Australia Bank (NAB), meanwhile, hinted at putting the brakes on ‘some card transactions’ to reduce customer risks if certain security flags are triggered. While the Commonwealth bank hasn’t confirmed or denied such a policy, there are no instances to suggest the bank is barring customers from buying cryptocurrencies.  Australia is already  pressing ahead with regulations  for cryptocurrency exchanges with new legislation bringing exchange operators under the purview of the country’s financial intelligence agency and watchdog, AUSTRAC.  While the banks’ stance could change in the future, their clear statements in the present run contrary to the moves made by a handful of major retail banks in the UK and the US. Yesterday, British banking giant Lloyds Group  confirmed  it would block its 9 million credit card users from buying cryptocurrencies, fearing a rise in future unpaid debts amid volatile cryptocurrency markets. The ban extends to its subsidiary banks Halifax, MBNA and the Bank of Scotland.  Llyods’ shift in policy to bar cryptocurrency purchases follows similar moves made by two major US banks over the weekend. JPMorgan Chase, the largest US bank, and Bank of America have both placed a ban on cryptocurrency purchases using credit cards. JPMorgan’s ban went into effect on Saturday while BoA’s ban, which extends to personal and business credit cards, kicked in on Fr iday. Citigroup has also halted cryptocurrency purchases on its credit cards but confirmed it would ‘review’ its policy as the cryptocurrency market evolves.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   How Today ’s Stock Markets Crash Will Affect Cryptocurrency Markets Twitter  Over the past few days, and particularly over the past 24 hours news on Wall Street has gone from hyper-optimistic to downright depressing. One  article  declared we ’d come to  “The end of the market ’s Trump honeymoon ”, others are analyzing not whether or not major correction is underway, but whether or not the correction will lead to a  “multiyear bear market ”. The change in sentiment is startling, and it ’s been almost perfectly mimicked by the crypto market. Watching this play out has caused two questions to arise: firstly how strong the correlation between traditional financial markets and the cryptocurrency markets is and secondly  if  the correlation exists what the implications of today could be for cryptocurrencies.  The Correlation Question:  Disclaimer: This part of the article gets a little technical.The tl;dr here is while the correlation between the markets themselves is weak, there ’s a noteworthy correlation between the sentiments of the two markets. I explain the implications of that correlation in the section following this one.  Images like this infamous one from the 2008 financial crisis have started to appear in bearish articles.  While  many ,  many  attempts have been made to qualitatively correlate crypto markets and even imply  causation  (a big no-no in  quantitative analysis , relatively few attempts have been made to quantify the relationship. Aside from a few outdated articles, I ’ve found little. The best resource I was able to find on the subject was  Sifr Data , a free cryptocurrency data visualization tool. Among other visualizations, they have a cryptocurrency correlation matrix which shows the z-scores and p-scores of correlations between various assets.  For those of you who skipped statistics class as much as I did, the numbers in the first chart are called  z-scores.  They represent the direction and strength of the relationship between the two sets of data. A higher absolute z-score means greater correlation, while a lower absolute z-score means less of a correlation. Whether the number is positive or negative indicates whether the relationship is direct or inverse:  Z-Score correlation matrix. It can be overwhelming but pay attention to two numbers in particular: BTC-S &P 500 (0.14) and S &P 500-VIX (-0.31)  The S &P 500, because of it ’s z-score, has a  “weak positive relationship ” to Bitcoin. This is hardly interesting and according to our matrix is not  statistically significant  (check out the  link  for an explanation of why). Now let ’s look at the VIX z-score, the other number I mentioned above. It ’s a -0.31 making it a  “moderate negative relationship ”. For those unaware VIX is an index of the volatility in the stock market and is also referred to as the  “fear-gauge ”. This means that there is a definite inverse correlation between VIX and Bitcoin. This was demonstrated quite well in an  article  earlier this year which contained the following graph:  A chart of VIX vs Bitcoin from earlier this year  This is an extremely interesting find. If true, it means that as fear in markets decreases bitcoins price increase.  Conversely, as fear increases bitcoins prices decrease. This makes Bitcoin a  risk-on  investment as opposed to more conservative investments like gold which are considered  risk-off  investments.  It also tells us that in a longer-term bear stock market cryptocurrencies will likely fare even more poorly than their stock counterparts. Conversely, in a bullish market, they will likely fair better.  The Correlation Plays Itself Out  With this correlation in mind, let ’s analyze the recent market trends which have caused this rise in the VIX (up 115% today) and try to figure out what ’s going on here. Today, the Dow Jones dropped 1,175 points constituting the single largest point drop in the measures 130+ year history. Nonetheless, because of the recent meteoric rise, percentage wise it only constituted a 4.6% drop. To give a measure of what this means for the markets, we can simply say that the Dow Jones has reversed all gains made in 2018. This alone, while bearish, is definitely still consequential. Unfortunately, the Dow Jones wasn ’t the only index hurting today with the  DAX  (based in Germany),  FTSE  (based in the UK), and S &P (based in the US) all down sharply over the past few days. Looking at this combined with cryptos own  45% fall  in recent weeks, you can see why the VIX is climbing and fear is driving the market.  What ’s causing all this? Everyone has a theory, but there have been two rather nerve-racking causes. First of all the Federal Reserve ’s 10-year yield rate, which determines the interest rates the U.S. government and Americans pay on their debt has increased recently. Higher interest rates can lead to decreased consumer spending and can increase inflation, both rather bearish signals. This combined with some rather prominent economists/former Fed Chairman (I ’m looking at you,  Greenspan ) declaring that we ’re entering a  “massive multiyear bear market ” have driven VIX through the roof. In the world of crypto, this fear mongering is combined with the recent price fall, crypto ’s notoriously panicky retail investors, and general FUD and you end up with what could become a long bear market.  I hope I ’m wrong, and maybe I am. Hope is probably the best I can do. As we now know: market sentiment, more than anything else, drives the price of cryptocurrencies. I anticipate an interesting few weeks ahead of us.  Disclaimer: The views expressed in the article are solely that of the author and do not represent those of, nor should they be attributed to CCN.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bread Wallet Enables International Bitcoin Purchases with Credit Cards Twitter  The timing of the rollout couldn ’t be better. Zug, Switzerland-based bitcoin wallet startup Bread  unveiled plans  to accept international bitcoin purchases via credit card. Bread is boasting features such as  “high limits ” and same-day delivery for bitcoin purchases, both of which are often missing from cryptocurrency exchanges. By allowing this service, which is a product of a relationship with Simplex, investors can bypass cryptocurrency exchanges, which incidentally top US banks have taken aim at of late.  Bread tweeted  –   While Bread is making it easier for investors to get their hand on bitcoin, banks are making it more difficult. JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Citigroup  and Lloyd ’s  in recent days placed a ban on bitcoin purchases via credit card. Cryptocurrency exchanges appear to be tops on banks ’ radar for credit card bitcoin purchases.  Bread ’s decision, meanwhile, came in response to customer demand amid the following idiosyncracies with exchanges  –  getting  “verified ” on an exchange or online brokerage is a cumbersome and lengthy process daily limits are modest for investors looking to acquire a significant position bitcoin delivery takes a painful minimum of one week with a bank account purchase  The Bread app, meanwhile, gives investors what they ’re missing from the likes of Coinbase  –  same day delivery of bitcoin daily and monthly limits of $20,000 and $50,000, respectively User identification is completed on the Bread app, removing the need to juggle devices and copy/paste multiple addresses  Perhaps the best feature of the Bread wallet is it puts the private key in the accountholder ’s hands, removing the need to trust a third-party service provider, a decentralized approach that is similarly at the core of the blockchain. This is unlike exchanges, where if a buyer doesn ’t own their own digital wallet, the bitcoin is automatically kept in the exchange ’s wallet, which as the Coincheck showed the world can be a risky bet in the event of a breach.  Bread also draws the conclusion that fees are not an area of concern for investors, which crypto traders may take issue with, especially considering the highly anticipated  launch of Robinhood . Bread ’s theory is that considering the volatility in the bitcoin price, a buyer ’s No. 1 concern when purchasing bitcoin is immediacy. They say:  “We’ve used this feedback to offer a solution that best balances fees against the other advantages of using the service. ”  — Bread  Crypto Doldrums  The good was cheered on Twitter, though it did little to lift the bitcoin price out of the doldrums. Bitcoin at the time of publishing was down about 15% to below the $7,000 threshold, dropping lower than even some of the  worst-case scenarios .  Venture-backed Bread  came on the scene  in 2015, with its own digital coin Bread (BRD) lower with the best of them, trading off more than 17%.   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Coinbase to Implement SegWit ‘In the Next Few Weeks’ Twitter  Cryptocurrency brokerage firm Coinbase announced that it plans to release support for SegWit “in the next few weeks,” a move that promises to reduce transaction fees for customers and reduce congestion across the entire network.  The company made the announcement on Twitter, stating that “our engineering team has begun the final testing phase of SegWit for Bitcoin” and that “SegWit-compatible Bitcoin sends/receives will be available for customers in the next few weeks.”  As CCN  reported , SegWit (or Segregated Witness) was activated on the Bitcoin network via a soft fork last August. By decreasing the size of transactions, SegWit lowers fees and optimizes the limited space in Bitcoin blocks. However, users only take advantage of this feature if they use SegWit-compatible wallet addresses.  According to data from hardware wallet manufacturer Trezor, only about 15 percent of Bitcoin transactions currently employ SegWit, down from a high of about 18 percent in late January. This recent reduction could be linked to users taking advantage of lower transaction fees to move funds from legacy addresses to SegWit-compatible ones, but in any case it is clear that the netwo rk is not experiencing the full benefits that the scaling upgrade offers, in part because Coinbase and a few other large firms have been slow to implement it.  Source: Segwit.party  These companies  — Coinbase in particular due to its ubiquity as an on-ramp into the ecosystem  — had been roundly criticized by many in the community because although they supported the controversial  SegWit2x proposal , citing rising transaction fees, they appeared to drag their feet on implementing SegWit.  This lack of urgency incurred the ire of more than just Coinbase customers. Sergej Kotliar, CEO of mobile top-up service Bitrefill, noted that the number of unconfirmed Bitcoin transactions plummeted at the same time that Coinbase was experiencing an outage, which suggests that Coinbase transactions were  heavily responsible  for network congestion that contributed to rising Bitcoin transaction fees near the height of the market ’s rally.  Source: Twitter  In a December  blog post , the company responded to these criticisms by stating that adding new features was third on its list of engineering priorities, behind securing customer funds and keeping its platform stable during periods of peak volume  — a goal it has often failed to achieve during market volatility.  “We store billions of dollars worth of bitcoin on behalf of customers and any change to our infrastructure is done with significant planning and consideration for the security and stability of our platform,” the company said.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   No Strong Reason to Ban Cryptocurrency Trading: Singapore Deputy PM  Twitter  Following a keen study on cryptocurrencies and their trading by the country’s central bank, Singapore’s deputy prime minister has stressed there is no reason to ban cryptocurrency trading among residents.  Tharman Shanmugaratnam, Singapore’s deputy prime minister and minister in charge of the central bank, was speaking at a parliamentary session yesterday when he fielded questions by three Members of Parliament (MEPs) about any potential ban of cryptocurrency trading in Singapore.  The questions pointedly mentioned  China’s ban  on domestic exchanges and South Korea’s similar – but  now debunked  – hostile stance with local trading markets. Is “any action…being considered to ban the trading of bitcoin currency or cryptocurrency …?” was one of the questions posed.  “Cryptocurrencies are an experiment,” Singapore’s deputy PM explained, stating their numbers had grown internationally and are currently at a nascent stage. Claiming it was “too early” to state if cryptocurrencies will succeed, the minister who oversees Singapore’s central bank, suggested that the “full implications” of cryptocurrencies will take time to understand if they do s ucceed in society.  More pointedly, however, is a standout statement from the deputy PM who stated in response to the questions of a ban akin to China’s own crackdown:  “The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) [Singapore’s central bank] has been closely studying these developments and the potential risks they pose. As of now, there is no strong case to ban cryptocurrency trading here. But we will be subjecting those involved as intermediaries to our anti-money laundering regulations. ”  The remarks ring similar to those offered by the MAS managing director Ravi Menon last year. Bitcoin itself doesn’t pose any risks requiring regulation, the central bank chief  said  at the time, instead pointing to regulation of intermediaries like exchange operators who would have to comply with existing anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing laws.  “There are two main uses of cryptocurrencies today. The first is as a means of payment,” the deputy PM continued in his remarks yesterday. “The second, which has become far more prominent, is where cryptocurrencies are assets in their own right. People are trading in them in the hope of making a profit.”  Furthermore, the official went on to reveal ongoing efforts toward regulating cryptocurrency exchanges that will see cryptocurrencies like bitcoin  under a singular legislation  of retail payment services alongside  public cautions  of risks in cryptocurrency investments. “The big fall in bitcoin prices in recent weeks illustrates the risk,” the deputy PM added yesterday.  Still, the senior Singaporean official stressed that the country’s authorities will adopt an embracive and cautious approach to cryptocurrencies going forward.  He stated:  “We will continue to encourage experiments in the blockchain space that may involve the use of cryptocurrencies, because some of these innnovations could turn out to be economically or socially useful. But equally, we will stay alert to new risks. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Traders Skittish Ahead of US Congressional Hearing Twitter  Traders don ’t like uncertainty, and there ’s more than a dose of that going around in the cryptocurrency markets currently. Not helping, the crypto community is bracing for a Congressional meeting of the minds today on Capitol Hill with lawmakers and regulators on the topic of cryptocurrency trading.  The chiefs of both the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, Jay Clayton and J. Christopher Giancarlo, respectively, were readying their testimony before lawmakers. Based on an  early glimpse  of their prepared remarks, the regulators are expected to testify that the cryptocurrency markets are in need of more stringent federal oversight versus the patchwork state-based rules that currently exist. Chief among the concerns are investor protection issues surrounding bitcoin and altcoins.  The call for greater regulatory oversight is adding fuel to a fire that has already been flamed by a clampdown on crypto trading in other countries, such as China, India and South Korea, all of which has been exacerbated by the ban that top US banks placed on bitcoin purchases via credit cards in recent days.  Regulators Request Greater Authority  Based on  his prepared remarks , the CFTC ’s Giancarlo is expected to say that while there ’s no shortage of opinion on bitcoin, much of it boils down to perspective. He compares the market cap of bitcoin, which has shrunk in recent sessions to less than that of McDonald ’s $132 billion, not to mention the total size of the gold market at some $8 trillion. Nonetheless, the attention on  “virtual currencies far outweighs  “its size and magnitude in today ’s global economy. ”   Despite its relative size, the current regulatory framework can ’t contain cryptocurrency trading, as per Clayton, who is expected to say:  “The currently applicable regulatory framework for cryptocurrency trading was not designed with trading of the type we are witnessing in mind. ”  Till now, and with the exception of fraudulent activity that ’s been uncovered, Congress has been largely mum on cryptocurrencies, leaving regulators to do their jobs. But the SEC and CFTC have their hands tied when it comes to protecting investors from illegal cryptocurrency activity based on the current laws, they suggest. New legislation would likely have to be crafted in order for the scope of regulators ’ jurisdiction on virtual currencies to be expanded.  Meanwhile, the ability of exchanges such as Chicago ’s CME and CBOE to launch new products such as bitcoin futures without the CFTC ’s interference is now being questioned for  “novel ” assets like bitcoin, which could lead to more hand-holding and data sharing between the exchanges and regulators.  An already jittery bitcoin bunch are closely monitoring the response on Capitol Hill to Clayton ’s and Giancarlo ’s testimony, both of whom have already  admitted to being  “disturbed ”  about the current state of the market.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Eyes $7,000 as Markets See Early-Morning Bounce Twitter  The market sell-off appeared to reach at least a temporary bottom on Tuesday, as  — led by the Bitcoin price  — cryptocurrencies have made a moderate recovery since marking another day off the calendar.  Cryptocurrency Market Cap Briefly Sinks Below $300 Billion  Early Tuesday morning, the  cryptocurrency market cap  sunk to $276 billion, its lowest point since November and a mark that Bitcoin itself was valued above as recently as early January.  The downturn correlated with  increased regulatory pressure ,  hostile postures from credit card issuers , and a  $4 trillion sell-off  in the world stock markets.  Source: CoinMarketCap  At roughly 3:00 UTC, however, the cryptocurrency markets began to tick upward, and by the time of writing they had recovered past the $300 billion threshold to a present value of $319 billion. This still represents a 24-hour decline of more than 11 percent, but it nevertheless provides a bit of respite to the otherwise-floundering markets.  Bitcoin Price Eyes $7,000  The early morning bump enabled the  Bitcoin price  to climb back to a present value of $6,922, a nearly $1,000 increase from its daily low, which saw Bitcoin fall below $6,000 for the first time since November 12. Bitcoin now has a market cap of $116 billion, which represents a daily decline of just under 10 percent.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Ethereum Price Charts Similar Course  The  Ethereum price  largely followed its older sibling ’s trajectory on Tuesday, declining as low as $565 before recovering to $688 at the time of writing. Ethereum now has a market cap of $66.1 billion, which represents an index-lagging 12 percent decline.  Ethereum Price Chart  Major Altcoins Trail Index  Ethereum was not the only major altcoin to lag the index on Tuesday, but most managed to beat it once the market turned the corner.   The Ripple price declined by seven percent to $0.65, while Bitcoin Cash ’s 15 percent decline forced its price down to $840.  Fifth-ranked Cardano posted a two percent decline, which was the best performance among top 10-cryptocurrencies, but sixth-ranked EOS lagged the index and endured a 14 percent blow.  The Litecoin price declined by eight percent to $118, and Stellar held the eighth position in the market cap rankings despite an 11 percent pullback.  NEO and NEM rounded out the top 10 with declines of nine percent and 10 percent, which reduced their prices to $79 and $0.42, respectively.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Regulation: Abu Dhabi Financial Regulator Considers Cryptocurrency Framework Twitter  The regulator for Abu Dhabi’s international financial center is considering embracive regulations for the cryptocurrency industry, a move that could see exchanges and intermediaries move into the financial zone.  In an  announcement  on Sunday, the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (FSRA) of Abu Dhabi Global Market said it is currently reviewing the development of a regulatory framework with industry firms and relevant authorities.  If established, the regulatory move would establish the international financial sector as friendlier shores for cryptocurrency exchanges and firms.  The regulator said it is:  “[R]eviewing and considering the development of a robust, risk-appropriate regulatory framework to regulate and supervise activities of virtual currency exchanges and intermediaries. In considering such a framework, the FSRA intends to consult and work closely with industry participants and relevant professional bodies. ”  The development comes within months of guidelines  released  by the Abu Dhabi government for cryptocurrencies and ICOs in the capital of the United Arab Emirates (UAE). In October, Abu Dhabi’s financial markets regulator ruled out a “one size fits all” regulatory approach to the sector, separating ICOs as securities and cryptocurrencies as commodities.  It’s a marked turn of events for the development of the sector in the region after bitcoin  ducked a prohibitive ban  by the UAE’s central bank a year ago. Yesterday’s announcement follows  a public warning  on investments risks in ICOs by UAE’s Securities and Commodities Authority (SCA), the capital’s financial markets watchdog.  In its announcement, the FSRA also touched on the advent of cryptocurrencies as a medium of exchange. Friendly regulations could see the use of cryptocurrencies in payments, if only within the international financial center of over 40 companies.  It said:  “The FSRA notes that virtual currencies, although not legal tender, are gaining interest globally as a medium of exchange for goods and services. ”  Meanwhile, the central banks of the UAE and Saudi Arabia are  jointly working  on the development of a cryptocurrency that could soon see cross-border transactions using a blockchain-based cryptographic token. Elsewhere in the region, the likes of Dubai is exploring the use of blockchain technology in  sweeping measures  in areas including the  government , a  state cryptocurrency , a  citywide payments system  and even its  airport .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Members of Congress Should Disclose Cryptocurrency Holdings: Blockchain Caucus Founder Twitter  The founder of the US Congressional Blockchain Caucus wants his fellow members of Congress to be required to disclose their cryptocurrency holdings.  Colorado House Representative Jared Polis (D), who has long been one of Bitcoin’s most vocal advocates on Capitol Hill, sent a  petition  to the House Ethics Committee earlier this week arguing that cryptocurrency holdings should be subject to the same financial disclosure requirements as other assets.  “Members of Congress and covered employees are already required to report certain asset holdings over certain amounts, including reporting any commodities holding over $1,000, a Member or covered employee should report any virtual currency holding as they would report any other commodity, such as gold,” Polis wrote in the letter, which was dated Feb. 5.  He noted that the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and Internal Revenue Service (IRS) have all provided investors with regulatory guidance surrounding cryptoassets and have ruled that they are subject to regulations governing commodities, securities, and property, depending on the specific substance of the asset involved.  If adopted, these disclosure requirements would prevent lawmakers from secretly trading on non-public information, such as whether the federal government was preparing to enact cryptocurrency regulations.  This has proved to be a problem in other countries. Last month, several financial regulators in South Korea were  found  to have invested in cryptocurrency and then sold their entire stakes prior to the government’s announcement that it would adopt a stricter set of regulations governing cryptocurrency exchanges.  In Ukraine, meanwhile, a similar financial disclosure policy  revealed  that three lawmakers held a combined $47 million worth of bitcoins.  Previously, Polis co-sponsored several bills to promote the development of blockchain technology and normalize the use of cryptocurrency as a financial instrument.  Last year, Polis and Arizona House Representative David Schweikert (R) introduced the  Cryptocurrency Tax Fairness Act , a bill that would eliminate reporting requirements for cryptocurrency transactions worth less than $600, making it far less burdensome for US residents to use cryptocurrencies to pay for small value items.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Canadian Blockchain Startup Expands Into Crypto-Friendly Wyoming Twitter  Nova Scotia-based BlockCrushr is expanding into the lower 48. The blockchain startup has chosen Wyoming for its new corporate subsidiary amid the state ’s openness to both the technology and cryptocurrencies, as evidenced by pending legislation. BlockCrushr Wyoming ’s presence ahead of the state Legislature ’s ruling suggests the startup is confident about the prospects of the policy.  Wyoming is currently entertaining several blockchain-related proposed policies, including  Bill HB0070 , which supports a digital token issued on an open blockchain that ’s not subject to securities and money transmission regulations as long as it meets a set of criteria. It ’s unclear what the SEC would have to say about it.  “Wyoming is one of the best places in the U.S. to do business. Between low startup costs, the most business-friendly tax system in the country, and lawmakers who are focused on supporting and fostering the growth of innovative fintech business and technology, Wyoming just makes sense, ” said BlockCrushr Labs chief Scott Burke  Bill HB0070 would be a boon to BlockCrushr Wyoming, as the startup is behind TokenClub, which they describe as a monthly service for  “the hottest ICOs ” that are sent to a subscriber ’s Ethereum wallet. The user sets a spending cap, and TokenClub fills their basket with what they have vetted to be the top tokens that month. As examples, the following projects would  meet their criteria :  “Civic, FileCoin, Golem, and Kik. ”  December ’s tokens were as follows  –   BlockCrushr Wyoming is in the process of being incorporated and is located in Cheyenne-based coworking space T he Second Floor @ the Paramount .  Wyoming is among US states jockeying for position in fintech, with the Wyoming Blockchain Commission  — of which Overstock ’s Patrick Byrne is an advisor  — leading the charge. The commission is designed to promote blockchain technology in Wyoming, touting the distributed ledger tech ’s benefits, such as slashing costs, improving efficiency as well as stimulating the formation of new businesses.  House Bill 0070  As for the open blockchain exemption bill that was introduced in January, it ’s being sponsored by a trio of lawmakers. It suggests that tokens would not be characterized as securities if they meet the following criteria  –  they aren ’t marketed to the public as investments users of the token can exchange it for goods or services, which most token-fueled blockchain startups should qualify for there are no repurchase agreements involved the token issuer must not be a broker-dealer or in any way deal in securities  At present, it seems upcoming ICOs are using trial and error to determine whether or not their tokens fit as a utility or a security, most often settling on the former. Policymakers are looking to enact the bill in July 2018.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Market Cap Could Hit $4 Trillion: Winklevoss Twins Twitter  The Bitcoin price has the potential to rise 4,000 percent over the coming decades, enabling the flagship cryptocurrency to one day achieve a $4 trillion market cap.  Bitcoin Market Cap Could Hit $4 Trillion: Winklevoss Twins  That’s according to longtime Bitcoin bulls Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, who first invested in Bitcoin when it was valued at $120 and became the first verified “ Bitcoin billionaires .”  The twins have often compared Bitcoin favorably to gold, forecasting that the digital asset will disrupt the yellow metal, and Cameron Winklevoss said that the recent Bitcoin price decline has not caused him to waver from this optimistic prediction.  “Taking bitcoin in isolation … we believe bitcoin disrupts gold. We think it ’s a better gold if you look at the properties of money. And what makes gold gold? Scarcity. Bitcoin is actually fixed in supply so it ’s better than scarce … it ’s more portable, its fungible, it ’s more durable. It sort of equals a better gold across the board, ” Winklevoss said during a  CNBC-sponsored forum  at the Milken Institute’s MENA Summit last Wednesday.  Based on this assessment, he said that Bitcoin could end up with a market capitalization similar to that of gold, which is currently valued at $7 trillion. Bitcoin, he predicted has a “potential appreciation of 30 to 40 times,” which would set the Bitcoin price above $320,000 and result in a circulating market cap of at least $4 trillion.  This, Winklevoss said, made Bitcoin’s recent correction an attractive buying opportunity:  “So if you look at a $100 billion market cap today, now last week it might have been more like 200, so it ’s actually a buying opportunity, we think that there ’s a potential appreciation of 30 to 40 times because you look at the gold market today, it ’s a $7 trillion market. And so a lot of people are starting to see that, they recognize the store of value properties. So we think regardless of the price moves in the last few weeks, it ’s still a very underappreciated asset. ”  Of course, the Winklevoss Capital co-founder cautioned that this transfer of capital will not take place overnight but could come to fruition within the next 10 to 20 years.  Criticisms Just a  ‘Failure of the Imagination ’  His brother, Tyler, agreed with Cameron ’s assessment that Bitcoin would disrupt gold, adding that he believes cryptocurrencies will ultimately replace fiat currency as the primary medium of exchange for machine-to-machine transactions.  “Cryptocurrencies aren ’t really important for human-to-human transactions,” he said, “but when machines-to-machines trade economic value, they are going to plug into protocols like Bitcoin and Ethereum.”  He explained that, given the multitudinous applications of this technology, most critical analyses from Bitcoin skeptics are baseless.  “You know the criticisms [of Bitcoin] are just a failure of the imagination, ” he concluded.  Featured image from Flickr.  
INCREASE	   20 Organizations File Amicus Briefs in Support of Silk Road Founder Ross Ulbricht Twitter  Twenty organizations signed onto amicus briefs in support of Silk Road operator Ross Ulbricht’s petition to have his case reviewed by the US Supreme Court.  On Feb. 5,  five amicus curiae briefs  were filed regarding  Ulbricht v. United States , which alleges that the government violated Ulbricht’s Fourth and Sixth Amendment rights during its investigation and sentencing of his case.  Each of these five “friend-of-the-court” briefs was filed in support of Ulbricht, who is currently  serving a life sentence  for a variety of crimes related to his administration of the infamous darknet marketplace Silk Road and petitioned the Supreme Court to take up his case after an appellate court rejected his appeal last year.  In his petition, Ulbricht has asked the Supreme Court to rule whether the government can seize an individual’s internet traffic without a warrant or probable cause, as investigators did to unmask him as Silk Road operator “Dread Pirate Roberts”, which he claims was a violation of his Fourth Amendment right to be protected from unreasonable searches.  The petition also argues that his trial judge violated his Sixth Amendment right by justifying an otherwise unreasonable sentence with information not introduced as evidence during the trial, namely that investigators believed he had attempted to pay a hitman to commit five murders  — allegations which were uncharged and unproven.  The briefs  — which present information related to the case but may or may not factor into the Court’s decision  — attracted a combined 20 amici curiae from across the political spectrum, with filers ranging from the progressive-leaning National Lawyers Guild to the libertarian Reason Foundation and even the conservative Gun Owners of America.  As CCN  reported , legal expert and SCOTUSblog founder Tom Goldstein named  Ulbricht v. United States  his petition of the day on Jan. 23, a designation which indicates that he believes the case addresses constitutional questions that “have a reasonable chance of being granted in an appropriate case” but does not necessarily mean that the specific case is an “appropriate vehicle” for the Court to decide the question.  Feb. 5 had originally been the deadline for the government to respond to Ulbricht’s petition, but the Court granted Solicitor General Noel J. Francisco’s request to extend that deadline until March 7. No amicus briefs have been filed in support of the government’s position.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   UAE Remittance Giant Partners Ripple for Instant International Payments Twitter  One of the Middle East’s biggest money transfer and forex houses has entered an agreement with fintech giant Ripple to enable real-time cross-border payments using the latter’s enterprise blockchain.  With a presence in over 31 countries, the UAE Exchange is among the region’s earliest largest international remittance operators and becomes the latest payments solutions provider to partner San Francisco-based Ripple.  The  collaboration  will see UAE Exchange join RippleNet, the company’s enterprise blockchain network that sees over 100 members in banks and financial institutions, using Ripple’s SWIFT-replacement product for real-time clearing and settlement of international transactions. RippleNet, unlike the Ripple Consensus Ledger (the company’s public blockchain), does not use Ripple’s native token XRP.  UAE Exchange CEO Promoth Manghat spoke on the importance of being an early mover in adopting the decentralized technology, stating:  “The early adoption of this game-changing technology allows us to offer a competitive service, as it will have an impact on the speed and cost of cross-border transactions. We are proud to deliver the future of payments with Ripple. ”  With the implementation, Ripple contends that the foreign exchange giant will be able to facilitate instant international retail payments at ‘competitive rates, speed, transparency and efficiency.’ Based in Abu Dhabi, the remittance operator has already seen Ripple partner the National Bank of Abu Dhabi, the emirate’s largest bank, to launch blockchain-cross border payments. Wi th a significant population of immigrants in the region, the UAE sector is notably among the world’s busiest remittance corridors.  Ripple says it has been paying attention and is keen to focus on the region. The company’s global chief of infrastructure innovation Dilip Rao added:  “We chose to focus on solving inefficiencies in key corridors where payment flows are significant and growing. Adding a market leader like UAE Exchange to RippleNet will bring instant, certain, low-cost payments to the millions of retail customers in the UAE who send money abroad. ”  The development comes within days of Ripple announcing a partner in Hong Kong-based LianLian to facilitate  cross-border payments to China . In January, Ripple’s XRP-based xRapid saw two international payments providers sign-on for pilot testing with chief executive Brad Garlinghouse pointing toward more partnerships in 2018.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Lingerie Tycoon Sells 50 Luxury Dubai Apartments for Bitcoin Twitter  Aston Plaza  & Residences has successfully sold  50 apartments  to Bitcoin users in February. Located in Science Park Dubai, the apartments will offer residents the chance to live close to Dubai ’s famous landmarks such as the tallest building in the world Burj Khalifa as well the Dubai International Airport.  The 2.4 million square feet project with almost 1,300 apartments was initially launched in  September  of last year. It is currently being constructed by Aston Developments, which works under the parent company Aston Property Ventures owned by  Knox group of companies . Founder and Chairman of Knoxx, Douglas Barrowman, partnered with Baroness  Michelle Mone  of Michelle Mone Interiors and lingerie company Ultimo, for this crypto-friendly $325 million project.  Barrowman told Business Insider that,  “We allocated 50 out of 1,300 developments. We’ve sold all out. Some bought ones and twos, and one individual bought ten. ”  While Bitcoin users worldwide and specifically UAE were given a golden opportunity to invest their cryptocurrency, Mone told BI that most of those buyers  “fit the stereotype of early bitcoin devotees ”.  Mone further described how the Aston team slowly built a relationship with those young investors,  “They would talk on the phone — they’re not just like in their hoodies in the dark in the rooms. ”  Aston Plaza  & Residences: What ’s Next?  According to the website, a total of 400 apartments have been sold to early investors. However, the purchasing process is still in  ‘Phase 1 ’, which is now offering 150 apartments, the lowest price starting at 9 Bitcoins. At the time of writing, only 132 apartments are left. Once they are sold and the project moves closer to its  completion  (estimated around summer of next year), the prices for the next developments will increase.  Barrowman explained that they haven ’t announced more apartments yet,  “We’re still getting lots of inquiries. We’ve not released another batch. Particularly when bitcoin was riding high in the charts. I think a lot of people were cashing out over the Christmas period. ”  The plaza will offer various attractions and basic facilities to future residents including food, beverage and retail shops, supermarket, swimming pool, play area, a potential medical center, gym, and tracks for walking and running.  The prices of the studio apartments range from 15 to 16 BTC, around 132, 976$. One bedroom apartments can be found at 25 to 27 BTC (approx. $223,057) while two bedroom apartments are priced at 38 to 41 BTC (approx. $343,165). The payment can be made via global BTC payment service BitPay.  This is not the only cryptocurrency project led by Barrowman and Mone. Both of them are planning to launch a  $75 million ICO  which will offer  ‘Equi ’ tokens for the  ‘Equi ’ platform. Barrowman explained that the website will provide investment opportunities to people. He said,  “I like to see this crypto space being used to buy real-world assets. That’s the spirit of Equi as well. It’s transcending the crypto space into the physical and real world. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Regulation ‘Inevitable,’ Says IMF Chief Christine Lagarde Twitter  The head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) says that cryptocurrency regulation is “inevitable” due to the nascent technology’s utility as a tool that criminals can use to perpetrate illicit activities.  Speaking in an interview with  CNN Money  at the World Government Summit in Dubai on Sunday, Christine Lagarde, managing director of the IMF, said that illicit cryptocurrency use had made the IMF and other regulatory agencies determined to develop a framework for cryptocurrency regulation.  “There is probably quite a bit of dark activity [in cryptocurrencies],” she said. “We are actively engaging in anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism. And that reinforces our determination to work on those two directions. ”  Lagarde explained that following the 2008 financial crisis, regulatory agencies focused their attention on entities such as banks. However, she said that the prevalence of cryptocurrencies demonstrated that an “entity-based” regulatory framework is not sufficient and that the IMF and other regulators must take an “activity-based” approach to supervising cryptocurrency usage.  “I believe that it’s inevitable,” Lagarde said of cryptocurrency regulation. “We clearly have to move into an activity-based regulation. Forget about the entities, work on the activities themselves: who does what and who is licensed to do what and who is properly regulated and supervised.”  This statement is the latest development in Lagarde’s pivot from dismissing blockchain technology out of hand to diagnosing it as a threat to the global financial establishment.  In 2015, Lagarde told an audience of bankers that they  did not need to worry  about Bitcoin and poked fun at those who expressed concern about it.  By last year, however, she was warning that cryptocurrencies could bring “ massive disruptions ” and that bankers “it may not be wise to dismiss virtual currencies.”  Lately, Lagarde has begun latching onto cryptocurrency’s negative associations,  trumpeting  its perceived use in illicit transactions and the large amount of electricity that miners consume.  This negative public stance has coincided with a  coordinated IMF push  intended to promote an international framework for cryptocurrency regulation  — a proposal that has been  embraced  by a variety of financial regulators from G20 nations.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   JPMorgan: Cryptocurrency is Unlikely to Disappear [Yes, Really] Twitter  JPMorgan ’s mixed signals on bitcoin persist. The top US bank based on assets has released what ’s been dubbed a  “Bitcoin Bible ” for investors, conceding that cryptocurrencies aren ’t going away while simultaneously warning investors about a looming 50% or so drop in the BTC price. Meanwhile, JPMorgan ’s CEO Jamie Dimon, whose distaste-turned-disinterest in bitcoin made headlines for months, hopefully ok ’d the resources to create the bitcoin manual. Otherwise, someone ’s job could be on the line.  The bitcoin bible, which is comprised of  71-pages of crypto , covers topics ranging from the technology of bitcoin to its use cases, not to mention the hurdles that it faces. Meanwhile, JPMorgan analysts have issued their own report saying conditions are ripe for the BTC price to fall to $4,605, which would reflect nearly a 50% drop from its current level of $8,727.  Bitcoin Bible  Perhaps the most revelatory finding in the bitcoin bible is the bank ’s realization that cryptocurrencies aren ’t going anywhere. They write:  “CCs are unlikely to disappear completely and could easily survive in varying forms and shapes among players who desire greater decentralization, peer-to-peer networks, and anonymity, even as the latter is under threat. ”  The bitcoin bible also pointed to cryptocurrencies as a point of diversification for investment portfolios, providing a non-correlated asset to stocks and bonds, for instance. This point of view could bolster cryptocurrencies into the retirement market, such as 401(k) plans in the United States, or at least further the conversation.  The hurdles, they say, surround bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies competing with fiat based currencies, pointing to the euro and the yuan as some of its stiffest competition. And if you argue bitcoin more as a store of value than as a currency by which to spend, the argument loses some of its luster.  Less surprising is their acceptance of the blockchain, which Dimon himself has touted as  “real ” and whose technology is increasingly permeating the bank ’s internal divisions. JPMorgan in the bitcoin bible points to the merits of distributed ledger technology for accelerating cross-border payments, pointing to  “reward tokens or funding systems for other blockchain innovations and the internet of things. ”  Analyst Warning  Meanwhile, despite the rosy report on bitcoin, JPMorgan analysts also issued a wake-up call in the form of technical analysis, warning investors that the BTC price is headed for a drop of enormous proportions, to the $4,605 level from its current price of more than $8,700, reflecting a drop of almost 50%.  “The question is whether we go there straight away, indicated on a failure to clear 10128 and 10776, or at a later stage after a stronger countertrend rally,” according to the analyst report  cited in Business Insider .  But JPMorgan analysts, which remain  “impressed ” by the bitcoin price ’s recovery from its recent doldrums, suggest that bitcoin ’s fate is only sealed if it doesn ’t break through its current resistance noted in the above range. If it can do that, the bitcoin price could recover back to a range of $14,334 to $16,304.  Mixed Signals  It ’s not the first time that JPMorgan has sent mixed signals both to Wall Street and the crypto community on bitcoin. Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan chief executive famously called bitcoin a fraud back in September before having a change of heart. He later expressed remorse, with his feelings on the topic advancing from intolerance to no interest.  JPMorgan also addressed institutional capital, most of which remains sidelined from cryptocurrencies, as a signal to watch for cryptocurrencies making their way into the mainstream.  Hedge funds comprise the lion ’s share of the 175 cryptocurrency funds in the market, but assets under management have yet to surpass the low-billion-dollar threshold.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Iceland Lawmaker Proposes Tax on Incoming Cryptocurrency Miners Twitter  Virtual currency miners are flocking to  Iceland  due to its abundance of renewable energy, and some lawmakers want to tax them, according to  ABC News . Iceland’s renewable energy from hydroelectric and geothermal power plants has delivered competitive electricity rates.  Smari McCarthy, a lawmaker from Iceland’s  Pirate Party , wants to tax bitcoin mines. According to ABC News, the lawmaker ’s initiative will find support due to Icelanders’ skepticism about financial speculation following the country’s banking crash in 2008.  Companies creating value pay taxes under normal circumstances, McCarthy told The Associated Press.  The town of Keflavik on Iceland’s southern peninsula has attracted virtual currency miners who are building large construction sites on the town’s outskirts.  Mining To Double  Johann Snorri Sigurbergsson, a business development manager at Hitaveita Sudurnesja, a local energy company, expects virtual currency mining to double the country’s energy consumption to around 100 megawatts, which exceeds that used for the country’s 340,000 households, according to the country’s National Energy Authority.  Sigurbergsson said he could not have predicted this development four months ago. The Svartsengi geothermal plant supports the southwestern peninsula, where the mining takes place. He said he recently met with a mining company that wants to purchase 18 megawatts.  At Mjolnir, the largest of three mining farms in Keflavik, tall metal fences surround 50-meter-long warehouse buildings containing computer mining rigs.  These data centers are designed to take advantage of the regular wind on the peninsula. The buildings have partial walls to allow cold air to cool the equipment.  Also read:  Bitcoin mining isn ’t an  ‘environmental Armageddon ’: Credit Suisse report  Miner Objects  Helmuth Rauth, who oversees operations for Genesis Mining, said bitcoin mining should not be singled out as environmentally taxing. He said computing always requires energy. He pointed to the energy needed for credit card transactions and Internet research, and said cryptocurrencies have the same global impact.  Rauth compared the mining activity to gold mining. Genesis Mining began in Germany and moved to Iceland in 2014.  Residents of Reykjavik remain skeptical. When the bank crash hit in 2008, the Pirate Party was swept into power and presently holds 105 of the seats in Parliament. McCarthy questions the benefit of bitcoin mining to society, and believes it should be regulated and taxed.  Iceland is spending tens or hundreds of megawatts to produce something with no tangible existence or real use for humans outside of financial speculation, which cannot be good, he said.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Tokyo Police Question NEM Trader Over Coincheck Theft Twitter  Japanese police have reportedly questioned a domestic trader who converted a small portion of stolen NEM from Coincheck into Litecoin as a part of an ongoing investigation.  Citing sources with an ear to the investigation of the recent major theft of NEM tokens from Japanese exchange Coincheck, the  Nikkei  is reporting that police have questioned at least one individual in connection with the hack.  According to the publication, the unnamed individual had anonymously converted a small amount of the stolen NEM coins – tagged by Singapore-based NEM Foundation following the theft – into Litecoin through a dark web website. The individual, who reportedly admitted to being aware that the NEM sold was originally stoen from Coincheck, was tracked by Tokyo Metropolitan Police Depa rrtment’s cybercrime division after actively monitoring websites on the dark web. Few other details are currently known.  As reported in late January, Coincheck executives  confirmed  a massive hack of 526 million NEM tokens, worth over $530 million at the time. The stolen NEM tokens were subsequently split up between several digital addresses, all of which are being tracked by the NEM.io foundation.  “The decentralised NEM protocol’s flexibility allows transactions to be traced in real-time, which aids exchanges to identify wallets attached to malicious activity,” the non-profit foundation  said  this month. “This helps make stolen XEM tokens effectively unusable, because they cannot be deposited without being flagged by NEM. “  The automated tagging system was specifically introduced with the objective of tracing stolen funds and identifying wallets holding stolen funds, enabling observers to check and verify if those funds reach regulated cryptocurrency trading platforms.  The investigation into the theft has already revealed at least one hacker possessing a portion of the stolen NEM making attempts to trade the cryptocurrency into bitcoin, last week. The hacker  reportedly  offered a 15% discount to bitcoin traders over the dark web to sweeten the deal with the Bitcoin-NEM swap.  Meanwhile, Coincheck has said it will  re-enable withdrawals  of fiat yen deposits to customers, starting tomorrow.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   US Senate Reviewing Bill Calling For Assessment Of Cryptocurrency Terror Threat Twitter  The meteoric rise in interest in cryptocurrencies has led to a ton of new investments flooding into the space. Speculators, professional investors, and even whole companies want in, and there’s no sign that will be abating anytime soon. The increased interest is also leading to greater scrutiny, including from the United States Congress.   For all of the hype that suggests cryptos are the wave of the future for financial transactions, there remains a bit of a stigma attached to the space due to suspicions that cryptos have been used to finance illegal activities. Last May, representatives Kathleen Rice (D-NY) and Derek Kilmer (D-WA) introduced  HR2433 , a bill that aims to push the Department of Homeland Security to coordinate with other federal partners to conduct a threat assessment on virtual currencies.   Specifically, the bill called on the DHS Office of Intelligence and Analysis to examine “the threat posed by individuals using virtual currency to carry out activities in furtherance of an act of terrorism, including the provision of material support or resources to a foreign terrorist organization.” Upon completion, the DHS would be expected to share its findings with other la w enforcement bodies at the federal, state, and local levels.   It has been suspected that terror network ISIS has been using Bitcoin to fund its activities. Last year, a 27-year-old Pakistani-Born US resident named Zombie Shahnaz was stopped by authorities as she attempted to board a flight bound for Pakistan. She was subsequently charged with bank fraud, money laundering, and conspiracy to commit money laundering, as it’s alleged that she  fraudulently obtained funds that were used to purchase Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies online. Shahnaz was discovered to have made a number of strange wire transfers to vague entities and individuals located overseas.   “These transactions were motivated to benefit ISIS, which the defendant ultimately sought to join in Syria,” according to court documents.   Last week, the US Senate held hearings on amending the Department of Homeland Security Authorization Act via  HB2825 . One section of that bill contains language that’s similar to HR2433, which successfully passed the House last year before being sent over to the Senate. No action was taken by the Senate since that point, so it appears that the threat assessment request has been absorbed into the broader DHS bill. Either way, it’s clear that cryptos are on the radar of regulators, but we’ll h ave to wait and see if the assessment sparks any changes.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   A World First: Gibraltar Plans to Regulate and Legalize Initial Coin Offerings Twitter  The Government of Gibraltar is weighing up legislation to regulate initial coin offerings (ICOs) and their secondary markets.  In an  announcement  by the Gibraltar Financial Services Commission (GFSC) today, the financial watchdog for the British Overseas Territory said the government and the authority are jointly developing legislation for blockchain-based token offerings in the territory. The decision follows a discussion by the government with local stakeholders in December after an initial September  statement  outlined authorities’ intent to introduce a ‘complementary regulatory framework covering the promotion and sale of tokens.’  “A new regulatory framework for DLT which will become operational as from January 2018 will regulate the activities of firms, operating in or from Gibraltar, that use DLT to store or transmit value belonging to others, such as virtual currency exchanges,” an excerpt from the statement said at the time.  And so, it has proved, with work toward regulatory draft laws currently underway.  Specifically, the draft laws will push for the regulation of ICO operators’ promotion, sale and distribution of tokens; the secondary trading markets related to these tokens located in the territory and businesses offering investment advice related to tokens in Gibraltar.  As a result, the regulations will mandate ICO issuers to follow disclosure rules that includes ‘adequate accurate and balanced disclosure of information’ to all prospective token buyers. Further, the regulations will also establish mechanisms to prevent financial crime.  According to Gibraltar’s commerce minister Albert Isola, the regulatory move will coincide with authorities’ intent to protect consumers and safeguard companies offering token sales in Gibraltar.  GFSC senior advisor on distributed ledger technology (DLT) Siân Jones added:  “One of the key aspects of the token regulations is that we will be introducing the concept of regulating authorised sponsors who will be responsible for assuring compliance with disclosure and financial crime rules. ”  Notably, the government’s announcement also hinted at the prospect of regulated investment funds dealing with cryptocurrencies and ICOs, a development that is currently under review.  The bill is expected to reach the Parliament’s floor sometime in Q2 2018. If passed into law, Gibraltar will prove an attractive destination for businesses weighing up token sales in the coming months and cryptocurrency investment funds in the future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Finds a Base at $8,000 Twitter  The Bitcoin price appears to have found a base at $8,000 as it seeks to recover to its mid-December high.  Bitcoin Price Finds a Base at $8,000  At this time last week, the Bitcoin price was neck-deep in the most precipitous market correction that the majority of cryptocurrency investors had ever experienced. By the end of the day, Bitcoin would plunge below $6,000 for the first time since November, leaving Bitcoin bears  gleefully predicting  the flagship cryptocurrency ’s imminent demise.  That, of course, did not happen, and the Bitcoin price soon reversed trajectory and began to mount a recovery. By Feb. 7, Bitcoin had once again ascended past the $8,000 mark on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex, and  — despite a few brief dips back into sub-$8,000 territory  — it has held above that mark since.  Five-Day BTC Price Chart  Consequently, it appears that $8,000 has developed into a base for Bitcoin, perhaps indicating that the market has shaken out a large percentage of the weak hands who contributed to its recent decline.  However, Bitcoin has thus far been unable to break through resistance at $9,000, albeit for a brief period on Feb. 10. At the time of writing, Bitcoin was trading at $8,703 on Bitfinex, which was in line with the coin ’s global average.  The Partial Return of the Kimchi Premium  One reason for Bitcoin ’s recent recoveryThe global Bitcoin price has been bolstered in recent weeks by the return of moderate premiums at South Korean exchanges. The so-called  “Kimchi Premium, ” which had once priced cryptoassets as much as 25 or 30 percent above equivalent values on Western exchanges, had largely disappeared at the beginning of February following the implementation of new restrictions intended to cool the country ’s heated local markets.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Included in these new rules was a prohibition on anonymous trading, which meant that all traders had to undergo KYC verification before they could resume trading. Many traders were slow to do this, perhaps because consumer interest had tapered in response to the recent market correction. However, BTC/KRW volume has gradually increased over the past two weeks as traders have verified their accounts and re-entered the markets, and this increased volume has been accompanied by a slight return of the Kimchi Premium.  At the time of writing, Seoul-based cryptocurrency exchanges Upbit and Bithumb each priced Bitcoin at about $9,100, which represented a roughly five percent premium over the coin ’s global average, although these platforms accounted for just a combined four percent of total Bitcoin trading volume.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Eyes $9,000 as Markets Recover from Sunday Dip Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets entered the week on a high note, as every top 100-cryptocurrency rose against the value of the dollar on Monday. The rally placed the Bitcoin price in position to surmount the $9,000 barrier, while the Ethereum price began to test $900.  Altogether, the  cryptocurrency market cap  made a nearly $40 billion advance, from $392.8 billion on Sunday to $432.4 billion on Monday. This works out to a 24-hour increase of 10 percent, one of the index ’s better single-day performances in recent memory.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Eyes $9,000  Monday morning brought an eight percent recovery for the  Bitcoin price , raising it to a present value of $8,729 on Bitfinex. This represented a nearly $1,000 recovery from Sunday morning when the flagship cryptocurrency dipped to $7,851. Bitcoin now has a market cap of $149 billion, which holds its market share steady at 34.5 percent.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Ethereum Price Punches Past $850  Monday ’s market movement also dealt the  Ethereum price  a winning hand, and the second-largest cryptocurrency rose by six percent to $860. Ethereum currently has a market cap of $85.1 billion, which places its market share at 19.7 percent.  Ethereum Price Chart  Altcoins Ride the Bullish Wave  The wider altcoin markets took full advantage of the day ’s bullish wave, and every cryptocurrency ranked within the top 100 advanced by at least two percent (excluding  stablecoins ).   The Ripple price posted a 14 percent gain, which raised the value of XRP to $1.07. Ripple now has a $41 billion market cap, making it nearly twice as large as fourth-ranked Bitcoin Cash, which rose just six percent to $1,290.  Cardano saw its price rise by eight percent, placing its market cap in position to crack the $10 billion barrier in short order. EOS, meanwhile, punched through $9 billion on the heels of a nine percent price increase.  The final four coins in the top 10 managed to outperform the index. Litecoin, ranked seventh, rose by 12 percent to $162, while NEO ’s 14 percent gain led all top 10-cryptocurrencies.  The Stellar price added 11 percent to reach a present value of $0.39, and IOTA  — bolstered by news that  Bosch had invested in IOTA  and joined the project ’s network advisory board  — rose 13 percent to round out the top 10.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Wyoming Moves to Lift Cryptocurrency Property Tax Twitter  Wyoming just gave Americans another reason to live there. In a one-two punch to the US Fed, the Wyoming Senate Bill 111 was introduced on Feb. 16, moving to exempt cryptocurrencies from property taxation, solidifying the state ’s business tax-friendly reputation and lifting its profile for blockchain businesses in the interim.  If the bill passes, not only would it be a boon for Wyoming ’s economy, benefiting both individual investors and blockchain startups that would land there, but it could inspire other US states to similarly remove any hurdles that would interfere with the proliferation of the cryptocurrency market.  Wyoming is already one of a handful of US states that don ’t charge income tax. By taking a similar approach with cryptocurrencies, it ’s likely to fuel a blockchain-fueled economic boom  that ’s already begun to unfold  in the state. The IRS, meanwhile,  classifies bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies  as property and taxes them accordingly. Wyoming would ostensibly be removing one layer of taxation for investors, including both individuals and businesses.  The bill,  which is being sponsored by  half-a-dozen Republican Senators and Representatives, includes virtual currencies among a list of other intangible items that  “shall be exempt from property taxation ” as soon as the bill becomes law. It defines virtual currencies as  “any type of digital representation of value that is 1.) used as a medium of exchange, unit of account or store of value, and 2.) is not recognized as legal tender by the US government. ”  In addition to cryptocurrencies, the bill also extends to  “money and cash on hand including currency, gold, silver and other coin, bank drafts, certified checks and cashier ’s checks. ”  Blockchain Friendly States  Wyoming Senate Bill 111 would draw even more blockchain startups, which is the idea as cryptocurrency-friendly states jockey for position in the market. Wyoming is a big coal producer and boasts low electricity rates, which is a draw for bitcoin-mining operations.  Even before Wyoming Senate Bill 111, blockchain startups were flocking to the state, including Canadian-based BlockCrushr, which added a corporate subsidiary there. In addition to Senate Bill 111, Wyoming is also pushing  Bill HB0070 , which would pave the way for digital tokens on an open blockchain from being subject to the state ’s securities and money transmission laws.  South of Wyoming, the Arizona Senate earlier this month  passed a bill  to allow locals to pay income taxes in bitcoin and certain altcoins. The bill must still pass the House, but the more US states move to integrate cryptocurrencies into their taxes, the more it stands to undermine the commercial banking system.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Insurance: More Companies Join The Bandwagon Twitter  The rise of theft, fraud, and hacking associated with bitcoin trading has pushed insurance firms to offer insurance packages to investors in the digital currency space. Several insurers have decided to venture into offering insurance covers for different companies dealing with cryptocurrency.  The risks involved are quite high, but the market is ripe for insurance firms to offer their services. For instance, last week on Friday Coincheck ,a company  in Tokyo was the recent victim of  hacking  with coins worth $534 million being stolen. Such incidence will be a thing of the past with insurance industry offering covers for digital trading companies.  Insurance Firms Offering Packages  Some of the companies offering insurance coverage in cryptocurrency include Great American Insurance Group, XL Catlin, Chubb, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance among others. These companies offer different insurance packages to their clients. For instance, the latter insurance firm insurance package takes care of  not only internal but also external threats . The cover also includes mistakes; unauthorized access, and employee theft. The packages range from ten million yen up to one billion yen equivalent to $88,500 and $8,850,000 respectively. In addition to the package, the cover comes with other services which help in preventing such case. The firm provides security diagnosis and checks employer background before employment in t he company. The preventive measures are in place to mitigate loses which may occur.  Another company that recently launched its insurance services in the cryptocurrency trading is Line . Line is a messaging app based in Japan that has announced its venture into digital currency with plans already underway. Although Line is a messaging app, it has created a new division which will offer a platform for its users to sell and buy bitcoin. The platform will also off er loans and insurance covers to its users. The firm has millions of users who are the target market for the insurance and loans.  Apart from the above, another firm offering insurance covers to merchants and retailers who accept bitcoin as payment is bitFlyer, which offers packages for any payment transaction associated with bitcoin in Japan. The merchants will be covered from transaction delays, mishaps with payment system or gateway issues. The cover will be offered to people who have the point of sale  systems offered by bitFyler exchange through Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance firm.  Challenges to Insurance Firms  Insurance companies are doing their best to cover all the cryptocurrency trading companies, but the firms have first to invest in good security features to reduce cases of fraud. With trading taking place online, scammers are also on the rise.  Many have set up shady companies which pretend to be dealing in cryptocurrencies, yet they are after stealing from investors.  Similarly,  insurance firms should come up with good mechanisms for doing due diligence to companies before offering their insurance covers to prevent covering shady companies which are after stealing from investors.  Bottom Line  The insurance industry decision to venture into cryptocurrencies market is a good venture which will enable them to reap the profits. But the venture also exposes the insurance firms to uncertain challenges associated with fraud and money laundering which are serious offenses. Insurance companies have to do due diligence before offering their covers to the companies. It will en able the companies to offer covers for legit firms and avoid any company associated with money laundering.  More insurance companies are also planning to offer their services to the cryptocurrency trading companies which will enable competitive offers to be readily available for the traders and investors.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘Disruptive ’ Blockchain Tech Requires Rapid Adaptation: India’s Prime Minister Twitter  The most powerful public official from the world’s largest democracy has bullishly labeled ‘disruptive’ blockchain technology to bring seismic changes to India’s society.  Speaking at the World Congress on Information Technology (WCIT) 2018 today, Indian prime minister Narendra Modi  stated :  “Disruptive technologies such as Blockchain and the IoT (Internet of Things), will have a profound impact in the way we live and work. They will require rapid adaptation in our workplaces. ”  The country’s foremost politician was speaking at the event attended by representatives of over 80 countries’ IT industry associations, altogether representing over 90% of the world’s information and communications technology (ICT) industry as the  WITSA  consortium.  During the conference, NASSCOM, India’s primary IT trade association, launched a platform to develop skills in eight varied technologies including blockchain. NASSCOM previously  established  a special interest group to explore use cases for blockchain technology in both financial and non-financial industries while educating and informing the public about the innovative decentralized technology.  In adding to prime minister Modi’s approach to embrace blockchain technology, India’s minister of law and justice and electronics and IT Ravi Shankar Prasad stated today:  “Digital empowerment can only happen if there is digital inclusion. With the advent of new technologies like AI, Blockchain and IoT, reskilling of young professionals is critical.”  The remarks come within weeks of India’s foremost policy-making institute and think tank revealing its endeavor to explore blockchain applications in a number of industries including education, agriculture and healthcare. Last month, the National Institute of Transforming India (NITI)  unveiled plans  to launch a number of proofs-of-concept (PoC) trials.  The research arm of India’s central bank has notably stated that blockchain technology had “ matured enough ” to be the core driver to support the digitization of India’s fiat currency, the rupee. That significant endorsement was over a year ago. Since then, the research arm has  developed  a new blockchain platform for multiple applications in India’s financial industry.  In other blockchain-specific endeavors in the country, India’s largest bank (also state-owned) began  outlining  its roadmap to introduce blockchain technology for a number of financial processes in late 2017. India’s securities regulator and watchdog SEBI  installed  its own committee to explore blockchain solutions last year whereas the FinTech-forward south Indian state of Andhra Pradesh is already developing blockchain applications in a number of areas including  land registry  and  citizen data storage .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Wyoming House Unanimously Passes Bill Exempting Utility Tokens from Securities Laws Twitter  The Wyoming House of Representatives has unanimously approved a bill exempting utility tokens from securities laws, marking the latest victory in the quest to make the state a favorable environment for blockchain startups.  Wyoming House Unanimously Passes Bill Exempting Utility Tokens from Securities Laws  House Bill (HB) 70 , which on Monday passed the House 60 to 0 and will now head to the Senate, explicitly exempts  utility tokens  from state securities regulations, a key factor in attracting initial coin offering (ICO) launches to the state.   WOW!!!  #Wyoming  HB 70  #ICO   #utilitytoken  bill just passed the House UNANIMOUSLY!!!!! On to the Senate next!  @coincenter   @BKBrianKelly   @ConsenSys   @Tyler_Lindholm   #bitcoin   #blockchain  — Caitlin Long (@CaitlinLong_)  February 19, 2018   To qualify as a utility token  — or “open blockchain token,” as classified in the text of the bill  — a token must meet three conditions. First, the token’s developer or issuer must not market it as an investment.  Moreover, the token must be exchangeable for goods and services, which presumably means that  — as is the case under Switzerland’s recently-announced landmark  ICO framework   — startups must have a working product or service at the time the tokens are issued.  Finally, the token developer or issuer must not actively make efforts to create a secondary market for the token by entering into a repurchase agreement or agreeing to locate buyers for the token.  Four Other Blockchain Bills Race Through Wyoming Legislature  Notably, there are four other cryptocurrency and blockchain-related bills currently moving through the Wyoming legislature, which  — because it is an even-numbered year  — is limited by the state constitution to a 20-day legislative session.  HB 19, which passed the House on Monday and is now awaiting introduction in the Senate, exempts cryptocurrency from the state ’s money transmitter act, a bill that predated the creation of Bitcoin and made it impractical for cryptocurrency exchanges to operate in the state.  HB 101 would update the state ’s business corporations act to allow companies to create and use blockchains for the purpose of storing records and conducting inter-office communication. This bill has passed its second reading in the House and, if it passes its final hearing, will then go to the Senate.  Another bill that has just passed its second reading in the House is HB 126, which allows the creation of series LLCs, a type of company structure that allows assets to be segregated and compartmentalized. Though green-lighting series LLCs is a move that will benefit more than just blockchain startups, proponents believe it is a key component of attracting entrepreneurs from th is nascent industry to the state.  Finally, Senate File (SF) 111, which passed a vote to introduce on Friday and is now headed to a committee hearing, would exempt cryptocurrency assets from state property taxes.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Illinois Initiates Blockchain Initiative for Real Estate Transfers Twitter  The mid-western state of Illinois, home of Chicago, wants to usher blockchain technology into state government.  The goal of the initiative, which is shared between state and county agencies, is to determine if this groundbreaking technology can be used to create more efficient, integrated and trusted state services while providing a welcoming environment for the Blockchain community. Blockchain and distributed ledger technology have the potential to transform the delivery of public and p rivate services, redefine the relationship between government and the citizen in terms of data sharing, transparency and trust, and make a leading contribution to the State’s digital transformation.  Also, by implementing this technology, it would save the state millions, which benefits everyone in the state, because—if you were not aware—Illinois is one of the  most broke states  in the United States—saving some money helps the government as well as the taxpayer.  Title Transfer, Property Information Management   Karen A. Yarbrough, the recorder of deeds, announced in September 2016 that the office would participate in a piolet program to test blockchain technologies. According to the report put out by the recorder’s office, a transition into the technology would not happen overnight, due to the complexity of how real estate is transacted over more than five government offices. Suggesti ons include: reducing public records down to plain-text date inputs and a permanent hash value of the sales contract file. This ensures consistency across the system and that the records appear the same statewide. By using standard data and parcel-numbering formats, this removes many the steps of having to contact five government agencies to learn about properties and further s treamlines process for people to trade real estate. The  CCRD’s website  also states the following about their interest in adopting blockchain:  Goals:  Use blockchain technology in a way that provides value (not an invented use case) Test the creation of digital property abstracts and demonstrate the value of consolidating property data Secure official records on a third-party (non-government) website and enhance their reputability  CCRD Is Interested In Blockchain Because:  It is the most secure form of chronological record-keeping available The transactional record is irreversible and impenetrable to hackers It will drastically increase government efficiency Real estate transactions have become too complex – this will simplify It is too easy to steal a house under current pre-blockchain structure Will lead to a paperless public record of property transactions Adoption will make Illinois a technology leader + investment center  The Cook County Recorder of Deeds is one of the largest land records offices in the United States. Cook County is home to more than 5 million residents and is the second largest county, behind Los Angeles County with 10 million residents.  Traditionally before 1924, conveyancing instruments and liens were brought to the CCRD and left there for employees to make complete transcriptions by hand into ledger books. Upon completion, the original records were returned. These old methods make it easy to commit fraud, blockchain can correct this and better protect ownership rights to real property.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Open Source Community KDE Receives $200,000 in Bitcoin from The Pineapple fund Twitter  Today open-source community KDE received $200,000 from  The Pineapple Fund .  KDE  is an open-source community that creates free software for both desktop and portable systems. For Linux systems, KDE is well-known for its Plasma desktop and applications including Dolphin file manager and Kontact  – a personal information suite.  The software is used by millions of home and office workers and in schools around the world, with Brazil alone having over 50 million school children using the software to browse, learn and communicate.  In a public announcement, the organization commented that the donation will allow them to organize events that bring the community together; sponsor development sprints to improve the usability and performance of existing tools; pay expenses for contributors traveling from distant locations and attract more contributors and build a more inclusive community. It will also allow K DE to create new and safer programs and carry out research for future generations of KDE ’s environments and applications.The community issued a release expressing their gratitude for the donation and laid out their vision for the future.  “We will use the funds to further our cause to make Free Software accessible to everyone and on all platforms. The money will help us realize our vision of creating a world in which everyone has control over their digital life and enjoys freedom and privacy ”.  KDE is the latest organization to benefit from The Pineapple Fund ’s generosity in a string of acts of cryptocurrency philanthropy. In December of last year, the Fund gifted  The Internet Archive  $1m, a  nonprofit digital library aiming to provide universal access to all knowledge. This was followed in January with a $1m donation to the  Free Software Foundation , an organization working to defend the rights of all software users.  The Fund has not focused on the digital space, earlier this month $5m was given to the  Open Medicine Foundation , a charitable organisation funding research into chronic complex diseases. It has also looked to the future, donating $5m to help support  GiveDirectly , a Basic Income experiment that could end poverty for many rural Kenyans.  It ’s an impressive resume, but what exactly is  The Pineapple Fund ? The organization was initiated in December by anonymous donor “Pine”, an early Bitcoin investor and one of the 250 largest holders of Bitcoin in the world. The fund aims to give away $86 million worth of Bitcoin and has already given $20 million. Not only is the organization directly affecting positive change, it is also changing perceptions of cryptocurrencies themselves. Th e Fund has garnered widespread media attention and was picked up by the  New York Times  as one of the best things to occur in 2017.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   US Lawmakers Build Appetite for Cryptocurrency Regulation Twitter  The White House may not believe that the US will pursue cryptocurrency regulation anytime soon, but federal lawmakers themselves have cultivated quite an appetite for legislation that would accomplish just that.  US Lawmakers Build Appetite for Cryptocurrency Regulation  That’s according to a  Reuters  report, which cites a number of congressional lawmakers from across the political spectrum who, despite their differences on many legislative matters, support implementing new rules to regulated cryptocurrency usage.  “A lot of people don’t realize there’s nothing backing these virtual currencies,” said Carolyn Maloney, a Democratic senior member of the House Financial Services Committee (HFSC).  “We have to look carefully at all of the cryptocurrencies and make sure individuals don’t get taken advantage of,” added Rep. Tom MacArthur, an HFSC Republican.  Even members of the House Freedom Caucus  — widely considered to be the most libertarian and anti-regulatory group in Congress  — said that they were open to making an exception to address the perceived threats of cryptocurrencies.  “I‘m a total free-marketer, so I don’t want to regulate,” said Republican Representative Dave Brat, a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus. “But if it’s a currency that could destabilize the whole economy, you’re going to have that conversation.”  These comments follow several  high-profile congressional committee hearings  in which the chairmen of the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) and Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) testified that they were “ open ” to new federal cryptocurrency regulations but stipulated that those rules should be “carefully tailored” to specific gaps in the current regulatory framework.  ‘The Marketplace Has Changed ’  In that meeting, SEC Chairman Jay Clayton reiterated that his agency’s main interest was in supervising initial coin offerings (ICOs), the bulk of which he says have violated federal securities regulations. CFTC Chairman J. Christopher Giancarlo, meanwhile, expressed that it would be a significant overreach of his agency’s mandate to supervise the cryptocurrency spot markets, which heretofore have been primarily regulated in the US at the state level.  “The SEC is properly the lead on the issue,” concluded Republican Representative Bill Huizenga, chairman of the House Financial Services Subcommittee on Capital Markets. “Six months ago, we didn’t see this explosion. The marketplace has changed.”  However, this bipartisan agreement contrasts with  recent comments  from White House cybersecurity official Rob Joyce, who stated last week that the government was still researching the matter but was unlikely to pursue a new regulatory framework within the near future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Blockchain Startup Partners Thai Government on KYC Program Twitter  Thailand could soon figure among the earliest countries to officially implement blockchain technology.  News broke  today that Omise (the company behind the OmiseGO project) and the country ’s Ministry of Digital Affairs had signed a Memorandum of Understanding. It ’s a move that will see the parties collaborate in order to develop a nation-wide digital identity verification and online payment system. The Thai government will use Omise infrastructure to provide its citizens with a National Digital ID, which it is hoped will reduce fraudulent behavior online and protect consumers. It is also hoped that the system will make online transacti ons more convenient, faster and more efficient for end-users.  OmiseGO founder Jun Hasegawa took to Twitter following the announcement, focusing on the positive impact blockchain technology could have on Thai citizens.   Happy to see more collaboration between governments as Thailand. Also we are always happy to cooperate and help change peoples daily lives better with decentralization.  #OmiseGO   #Ethereum   #Thailand   pic.twitter.com/Wil0tJKPPK  — JUNΞ (@JUN_Omise)  February 19, 2018   Whilst the news could indicate the first mainstream use-case for a blockchain, questions still remain regarding the technology ’s ability to scale to this size. Currently , very action on the Ethereum blockchain must undergo a confirmation process, and the system cannot process the amount of work that a nation-wide platform would demand. OmiseGo has been working with Ethereum developers tackling exactly this problem, aiming to approach the issue with solutions such as  Plasma .  Last week OmiseGO was also involved in the launch of the Ethereum Community Fund. The Fund, a collaborative effort between projects building on the Ethereum network, is aiming to streamline research and development tackling the scalability issue. It ’s a sign that development is ramping up, with the prospect of mainstream adoption becoming more tangible as blockchain technology grows increasingly popular. Whether the Ethereum network can match the high expectations blockchain-enthusiasts have set remains to be seen, but it ’s likely we ’ll find out this year.  Governments across the globe are weighing up the benefits of blockchain technology, with national cryptocurrencies being considered from  Senegal  to  Scotland . Whilst the advantages of state cryptocurrencies are considered, this implementation of blockchain technology will likely take several years. Partnerships such as today ’s announcement however could see blockchain integration much more quickly. Digital identity verification is a central concern for governments, who are worried that cryptocurrency offers a way for individuals to circumvent financial legislation. Omise ’s cooperation with Thai officials in this area may see it leap ahead of rival platforms, and if the infrastructure can support it, gain mainstream adoption.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Classic Price Flirts with All-Time High as Callisto Airdrop Looms Twitter  Speculation surrounding an impending airdrop has propelled the Ethereum Classic price within range of its all-time high.  Ethereum Classic Price Flirts with All-Time High  As CCN  reported , the rally began last week, less than a day after ETC bull Barry Silbert warned that it was a mistake to ignore the cryptocurrency. Prior to that surge, Ethereum Classic was trading at roughly $24.50, but by Feb. 13 its value had increased to $32.  Ethereum Classic held at that level for the next several days but resumed its climb on Monday, when it leaped by more than 20 percent, outpacing all other top 50-cryptocurrencies in what was an otherwise-tepid day for the markets.  At the time of writing, Ethereum Classic was priced at $38.94 on Bitfinex, while ETC ’s global average had already cracked the $40 barrier for the first time since Jan. 15. Ethereum Classic is now within $7 of posting a new all-time high.  ETC Price Chart  ETC trading volume is increasingly centralized on South Korean exchanges, much as it was prior to the country ’s introduction of new, restrictive rules on cryptocurrency trading. At present, KRW pairs account for more than 35 percent of all ETC volume.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Callisto Airdrop Looms  Monday ’s price movement appears linked the impending launch of  Callisto , a cryptocurrency that will be airdropped at a 1:1 ratio to all ETC holders at the time of the blockchain snapshot, which is planned for block 5500000 (approximately March 5).  Such airdrops often lead to price increases because they serve as a sort of  “crypto dividend ” for current investors. Last week, for instance, the Litecoin price  surged  on the news that a group of developers was forking the blockchain to create Litecoin Cash. This rally occurred despite the fact that Litecoin creator Charlie Lee referred to the fork as a  “scam. ”  With the blockchain snapshot just two weeks away and the Ethereum Classic price knee-deep in an uptrend, it appears likely that speculative investors are buying in now to avoid having to pay potentially record-level prices on the eve of the airdrop.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   $850 Million: Telegram ICO Quietly Shatters Blockchain Fundraising Record Twitter  Step aside, Filecoin, because the Telegram ICO has quietly shattered the blockchain-based fundraising record.  According to a  document  filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) last week, the Telegram ICO has raised $850 million since Jan. 29, when the token sale officially began.  The filing reports that only 81 investors contributed to the funding round, pegging the average individual investment at just below $10.5 million.  Telegram reported its ICO under  Rule 506(c)  of Securities Act Regulation D, which stipulates that unregistered securities issuers may raise an unlimited amount of money and generally advertise the offering as long as they restrict contributions to accredited investors, file a report with the SEC, and prevent investors from selling their stakes for a predefined vesting period of either six months or one year.  As TechCrunch  noted , this likely marks the conclusion of Telegram’s ICO presale  — not the main event itself  — and the company is free to hold subsequent funding rounds as long as it records them with the SEC.  Telegram has not been publicly forthcoming with its goals for the token sale, but the firm had reportedly targeted $600 million during the presale  — a figure it bested by 42 percent  — and intends to  raise more than $1.2 billion  by the ICO’s conclusion.  Filecoin, the previous leader in ICO fundraising, netted  $257 million  during a token sale that ended last September.  A 132-page document  — purportedly a leaked copy of the Telegram Open Network (TON) whitepaper  — states that the firm intends to launch a “ third generation blockchain ” that will achieve scalability by pairing a master chain with 2-to-the-power-of-92 sidechains.  Cryptocurrency developers and investors have raised  serious questions  about the project, but, clearly, these reservations have not hindered the project from attracting investors with deep pockets.  Notably, the document reporting the results of Telegram’s ICO funding round was filed with the SEC on the same date that cybersecurity firm Kaspersky Lab revealed a  now-patched vulnerability  in Telegram’s desktop app that Russian hackers exploited to trick users into downloading malicious files that contained cryptocurrency mining malware.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Banks Begone: UN’s World Food Programme Builds on Ethereum Blockchain Money Transfers Twitter  The United Nations’ World Food Programme is expanding its Ethereum-based blockchain payments system to avoid the transfer fees incurred via the traditional banking system.  Over a year ago in January 2017, the World Food Programme (WFP) successfully tested ‘Building Blocks’, an  early experiment  that enabled the transfer of WFP food and cash on a public Ethereum blockchain through a smartphone app, to vulnerable families in Pakistan.  “Blockchain technology, most famously associated with the crypto-currency Bitcoin, offers unique opportunities for humanitarian agencies to provide the best-possible assistance to vulnerable people around the world,” the WFP said at the time.  Within months, the WFP ran a full pilot in the Jordanian refugee camp of Azraq to successfully facilitate cash transfers for over 10,000 Syrian refugees on its blockchain payments platform. The pilot alone is said to save the agency $150,000 a month while eliminating a staggering 98% of bank-related transfer fees, according to Munich WFP innovation lab chief Bernhard Kowatsch.  Beyond money transfers, the implementation of blockchain technology enabled Syrian refugees to buy food from local retailers using a biometric scan of their eye wherein each transaction is recorded on a blockchain. The use of cash, bank cards or paper vouchers is rendered obsolete as refugees needn’t share any sensitive data with banks or mobile operators. Instead, refugees ben efit from greater security and privacy through an immutable, secure blockchain.  Now, the UN agency  – feeding over 100 million people across 80 countries  – is expanding its Ethereum-based blockchain platform after estimating savings of millions of dollars in bank transfer fees by utilizing decentralized blockchain technology.  Speaking to  Bloomberg , UN WFP director Robert Opp stated:  “We felt we could replace the services offered by banks with blockchain. Blockchain helps promote collaboration by providing enormous amounts of data. ”  The WFP has an annual budget of $6 billion and distributes about $1.4 billion in food vouchers and digital entitlements every year, Opp said. While not detailing specifics of the agency’s plans to further its use of blockchain technology, the director was quoted as stating:  “We’re putting in place a financial infrastructure. ”  Beyond its usage in cash transfers, identity management and (food) supply chain operations, the WFP has previously stated it is researching applications of blockchain technology in other areas. “The full potential of blockchains can only be realized if all humanitarian actors collaborate around this platform” the WFP said in March 2017.  Other humanitarian efforts benefiting from blockchain innovation include India’s ‘ Million Meals ’ – the world’s largest midday school meal program that caters to over 1.6 million children in the country, using the decentralized technology for a number of critical processes in the food supply chain, data gathering and more.  Featured image from WFP/Farman Ali.  
INCREASE	   Korean Cryptocurrency Exchanges’ Commission Sales Spike 85x in 2017 Twitter  South Korean cryptocurrency exchange operators have reportedly made enormous gains in commission-related sales in 2017, over 85 times that of the previous year.  According to data released on Sunday by a politician from South Korea’s ruling Democratic Party, the accumulated sales from commissions among 30 cryptocurrency exchange operators is said to have reached 700 billion won ($648 million) in 2017,  Yonhap  reports. That figure is up from an estimated 8 billion won in 2016.  The data was released on Sunday by Rep. Park Kwang-on, a journalist-turned-politician who previously served as the spokesperson for South Korea’s president Moon Jae-in. The government reportedly aided in compiling the data which was based on the sales of commissions and bitcoin trading prices released by various exchange operators.  The report also reveals Upbit as country’s leading cryptocurrency exchange operator occupying over half of South Korea’s cryptocurrency trading market at 52.9%. Bithumb, Korbit, and Coinone respectively make for the three largest cryptocurrency exchanges after Upbit.  While Upbit is said to have amassed 194.3 billion won ($182 million) in commission sales, the estimated sales by Bithumb, in particular, is believed to have reached 317.7 billion won ($297 million). Korbit and Coinone reached 67 billion won ($62 million) and 78.1 billion won ($73 million) respectively.  South Korea has emerged among the world’s largest markets for cryptocurrencies in 2017 despite  a ban on ICOs  near the end of September. Rumors of following China’s lead in shuttering cryptocurrency exchanges after the turn of the year were  put to bed  after the South Korean government – after a significant  public backlash  – confirmed there was no intention to issue a sweeping ban on cryptocurrency trading.  “There is no intention to ban or suppress cryptocurrency (market),” South Korea’s Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon said in late January.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Stabilizes at $500 Billion, Bitcoin Records 5% Gain Twitter  After falling to $10,350 on February 18, the price of bitcoin has rebounded to $11,050, recording a 5 percent daily gain, positively affecting the entire market with its momentum.  Bitcoin Preparing Bull Run  The daily trading volume of bitcoin and the global cryptocurrency market has been relatively strong over the past 24 hours, as nearly $20 billion were traded since February 18. The daily trading volume of bitcoin across all major cryptocurrency exchanges including Binance, UpBit, Bithumb, and Bitfinex remain strong, demonstrating early signs of yet another rally towards $13,000 , as many analysts have noted.   In South Korea, the daily trading volume of bitcoin hit a monthly high, as more than 80,000 bitcoins were traded in the past 24 hours. HanKyoReh, one of South Korea’s largest mainstream media outlets, reported that the demand for bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market is increasing, for the first time since mid-January.  Many investors have likely started to invest in the bitcoin market out of FOMO, or fear of missing out, given that it has sustained its upward momentum throughout the past few days. Markets like South Korea and Japan tend to move by word of mouth and as such, FOMO triggers stronger volumes in most Asian markets.  Chosun, another mainstream media outlet in South Korea, noted that bitcoin has built resilience over the past month, and the Kimchi Premium has started to appear again, as more investors have begun to enter the cryptocurrency market again.  “Resilient and strong bitcoin remains above $10,000 even through negative issues, criticisms, and large corrections. Kimchi premium is growing again, as demand rises,”  said Chosun.  Currently, the market is seeing similar levels and prices as December 2017, merely two months back, prior to bitcoin’s massive bull run that allowed the cryptocurrency to establish its all-time high at $19,000.   Major cryptocurrency-focused venture capital firm Pantera Capital CEO Dan Morehead said last week that the price of bitcoin will likely surge by next week, after it rebounds from its bear market. Morehead noted that most bear markets tend to last 71 days and hence, bitcoin will be in an ideal position to surge in value in the upcoming week.  “So—the past doesn’t predict the future—but it seems like this is about the right [correction]. The other stat to note is that it typically has had on average a 71 day bear market and we’re 52 days into this. So it seems like another couple of weeks and everything will be kind of normal and it could start grinding backup,”  said Morehead earlier this month.  Ethereum   Ethereum and other major cryptocurrencies along with ICO tokens have been following the trend of bitcoin over the past two weeks. Only a few cryptocurrencies have been able to surpass the gains of bitcoin, and most cryptocurrencies have recorded losses against bitcoin. Against bitcoin, Ethereum declined by 2 percent over the past 24 hours.  But, it is also important to note that Ethereum is only down less than 32 percent from its all-time high.  
INCREASE	   Canadian Bank to Offer Secure Vault for Cryptocurrencies  Twitter  VersaBank Inc., Canada’s smallest bank in terms of assets, is responding to the need for digital asset security by creating a digital vault that will be available by June.  The bank recently hired Gurpreet Sahota, a cybersecurity expert, from Blackberry Ltd., a company long seen as an encryption and security leader. Sahota will oversee the design of the “VersaVault” that will store digital assets on computer servers, according to  Bloomberg .  David Taylor, VersaBank ’s CEO, said most peoples’ assets are contained in some type of digital format, be it a contract, deed or cryptocurrency.  Vault To Be Secure  VersaBank will not be able to access or know what contents are in the vault. Taylor said having no way to open the vault ensures its privacy.  VersaBank is responding to the need for digital security, an area which is calling for attention given the  recent heist of more than $500 million from Coincheck Inc ., a Japanese cryptocurrency exchange. Hackers usually gain access to cryptocurrency exchanges through their Internet connected wallets.  Taylor said large funds have indicated an interest in storing their assets in VersaVault since it was announced last month. The pricing for the service has not been determined, but Taylor said the service will be expensive.  Several U.S. banks have said they are halting cryptocurrency purchases on credit cards, citing security concerns.  Digital Asset Security Efforts  VersaBank is not the first company to respond to the need for digital asset security.  Xapo Inc.  has offered secure  bitcoin  storage for around four years.  Goldmoney Inc., a Toronto-based firm that allows clients buy, sell and store precious metals in vaults in seven countries, began offering bitcoin storage in September.  Shinhan Bank in South Korea said in November that it intends to build a bitcoin vault by midyear.  A Banking Pioneer  Taylor introduced a branchless bank in Canada in 1993, four years before ING Groep NV offered telephone banking as ING Direct.  VersaBank operates on a branchless electronic model, gathering deposits from brokers and buying loan and lease receivables from non-bank financial firms. The bank also works with partners to provide financing for retail and small businesses.  VersaBank has a market value of about $126 million, 80 employees and has outperformed Canada’s big banks. Its shares rose 24% this year compared to a 2.9% decline of the eight-company S &P/TSX Commercial Banks Index.  Last year VersaBank rose 19% compared to the banks index’s 11% gain.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   The Cryptocurrency Hedge Fund that Operates Out of a Dorm Room Twitter  Trace Capital is not your average cryptocurrency hedge fund.  The venture, which currently manages approximately $300,000 for a small group of around 15 investors, uses an algorithm to predict the price movements of large-cap cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Litecoin. The algorithm has proved moderately successful, and Trace Capital’s founders have already received buyout offers.  But Leo Tulchin and his partner, whose first name is Brandon and prefers not to reveal his last name, say that they aren’t selling anytime soon  — at least not until they graduate from college, that is.  The two partners are undergraduate students at New York University (NYU) and each is now majoring in finance, a field far removed from their original spheres of neuroscience and media.  “We really believe in this thing,” Tulchin told the  New York Post  in an interview. “Brandon and I are working together to incorporate into a cryptocurrency hedge fund. For now, we’re not taking a piece of things but just helping out friends and family.”  Konig Chen, a 22-year-old hospitality and leisure management major, is one of those clients. He first began entrusting his assets to Trace Capital in Feb. 2017, ultimately sinking $85,000 into the venture throughout the summer.  By the end of the year  — even after the  market correction   — the value of Chen’s investment had grown by approximately $300,000, enough for him to pay off his student loans  — with cash  — and be left with a tidy profit for single-year investment.  Chen, though, isn’t quite sure that cryptocurrencies are the future of finance. Nevertheless, he plans to remain invested with Trace Capital in the near-term, trusting that this dorm room-based cryptocurrency hedge fund can help him achieve his life’s goal: purchase and operate his own resort.  “The trend is that bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies will go up for now, but I don’t plan to be around when it goes down,” he said. “After making all this money I can’t see myself being the manager of a hotel. My plan is to cash out and buy a resort property.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Crypto Exchange Poloniex Acquisition Rumored to Have Cost Circle $400 Million Twitter  Fintech startup Circle reportedly paid $400 million to acquire cryptocurrency exchange Poloniex, positioning the institutionally-backed company as a direct rival to Coinbase in the US market.  Poloniex Acquisition Rumored to Have Cost Circle $400 Million  On Monday, CCN  reported  on Circle’s acquisition of Poloniex, which is currently the world’s 14th-largest exchange by 24-hour trading volume. The companies did not disclose the terms of the deal, but  Fortune ,citing an unnamed source familiar with the matter, has reported that Circle paid $400 million to acquire the US firm, which is headquartered in Boston.  This acquisition, one of the largest in the industry’s history, is notable for a variety of reasons, not the least of which is that Goldman Sachs, Baidu, and a number of other notable firms have invested in Circle. Consequently, despite Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein’s  sometimes-critical comments  on cryptocurrency, his firm now indirectly owns stakes in both an  institutional cryptocurrency trading desk  and a cryptocurrency exchange.  This, perhaps, could indicate that institutional firms are becoming more comfortable with being linked to companies planted firmly in the center of the cryptocurrency supply chain  — if only through indirect associations.  To some extent, this process has already begun in several major Asian markets. Upbit  — now one of South Korea ’s largest exchanges  — was  established  earlier this year by a subsidiary of internet company Kakao. In a similar move, Japanese messaging platform giant Line recently  filed an application  with regulators to establish a cryptocurrency exchange, although this application is still under review.  Firms Line up to Take Shot at Coinbase Dominance  As Fortune further noted in its lengthy piece on the acquisition, the addition of Poloniex provides Circle  — which also operates a lucrative over-the-counter (OTC) trading desk  — revenue figures comparable to those of industry giant Coinbase, which is rumored to have made about  $1 billion in revenue  in 2017.  Circle also plans to roll out a new product this year  —  Circle Invest   — that will offer a range of brokerage and custodial services similar to those currently available at Coinbase.  However, Circle is just one of several firms positioning themselves as direct rivals to the cryptocurrency industry giant, which has thus far dominated the cryptoasset brokerage market in the US and a variety of other countries.  Last week, stock trading app  Robinhood  began accepting users from five states into the early access program for its new cryptocurrency trading platform, which allows retail investors to trade cryptocurrencies alongside stocks and exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in a single brokerage account.  Mobile payments firm Square recently rolled out Bitcoin trading in its popular  Cash App , and this feature is now available to most US customers.  Tokyo-based cryptocurrency exchange  bitFlyer  opened a US branch last year, and it now  claims  to be the only cryptocurrency trading platform licensed on three different continents.  Finally, Canada-based cryptocurrency trading platform Coinsquare is preparing to  raise $120 million  through an initial public offering (IPO) later this year, funds it has said it will help it become a  “strong competitor to Coinbase …by the end of the year. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Circle Acquires Poloniex, to Focus on Crypto Assets and Bringing Fiat Pairs Twitter  Circle, a payments and cryptocurrency company that  raised over $100 million  from leading venture capital firms and financial institutions like Goldman Sachs, has acquired cryptocurrency exchange Poloniex to serve the token market.  Crypto Assets, Fiat Pairs  Sean Neville and Jeremy Allaire, the co-founders of Circle, officially announced the acquisition of Poloniex by Circle on February 26, welcoming the founding team of Poloniex along with the cryptocurrency exchange’s existing user base.   The company noted that under the umbrella of Circle Trade, Poloniex will begin to provide significant liquidity and an efficient trading platform for investors in the global cryptocurrency market. With Circle’s resources and capital, Allaire assured that Poloniex will be able to scale effectively, with risk, compliance, and technical operations handled by the Circle team.  “Circle Trade serves institutions and investors as one of the world’s largest providers of crypto asset liquidity; and our forthcoming Circle Invest app enables individuals to tap into crypto asset investment through a simple, seamless, mobile experience. Now Poloniex addresses another key element of Circle’s product foundation: An open global token marketplace,” said Circle.  At one point, Poloniex was the largest cryptocurrency exchange in the global market, before the entrance of major cryptocurrency trading platforms like Bittrex and Binance. It was the first exchange to offer cryptocurrency-to-cryptocurrency trading at a large scale.  In the upcoming months, the Circle development team is expected to focus on improving the infrastructure of Poloniex in terms scalability, reliability, and robustness. The Circle team further emphasized that it will allocate its resources in supporting tokens or crypto assets, and introducing fiat pairs with which traders can trade between cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies l ike the US dollar and British pound. The Circle team said:  “We also look forward to scaling Poloniex up and out through market expansion and localization, increasing token listings where possible and appropriate, and exploring the fiat USD, EUR, and GBP connectivity that Circle already brings to its compliant Pay, Trade, and Invest products. More on these efforts to come.”  Competition  Within 6 months, Binance became the largest cryptocurrency exchange in the world, adding more than a million users per month. On average, Binance records over $2 billion in daily trading volume, mostly coming from alternative cryptocurrencies and tokens.  Essentially, Poloniex is targeting the same market as Binance, and given the dominance of Binance and other cryptocurrency-to-cryptocurrency exchanges such as OKEx and Bittrex, it is not realistic for Poloniex to overtake these platforms in the short-term.  But, with fiat pairings, Poloniex could appeal to a larger consumer base seeking for a cryptocurrency exchange that supports both fiat currencies and tokens that allow traders to both hedge the value of cryptocurrencies to fiat currencies and purchase tokens with fiat money.  The Circle team also noted that with the acquisition of Poloniex, it will delve into the development of a decentralized marketplace for assets, physical goods, and other commodities.  “We envision a robust multi-sided distributed marketplace that can host tokens which represent everything of value: physical goods, fundraising and equity, real estate, creative productions such as works of art, music and literature, service leases and time-based rentals, credit, futures, and more,” added Allaire.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   UK SME Owners Anticipate Cryptocurrency Going Mainstream by 2020 Twitter  SME owners in the UK see cryptocurrency becoming mainstream within two years, according to a new survey by English card machine provider  Paymentsense .  The national study, which gauged the responses of 504 small business owners in January, found that over a third (35 percent) anticipated cryptocurrency payments would become a valid and normal method of transacting within two years. Over one-fifth of the respondents (21 percent) were even more optimistic, predicting widespread acceptance to occur within a year.  Currently, only around thirteen percent of small business owners in the UK accept cryptocurrency payments. A further twenty-five percent believe crypto assets will never become a mainstream method of payment for goods and services.  The Tumeric Co., founded by international footballer Thomas Hal-Robson-Kanu, began accepting cryptocurrency payments  last year . “Instantaneous settlements with no need for centralised third parties and fees are a big plus,” he argued.  Some hurdles remain before cryptocurrencies can hit the high street, however. Cryptocurrencies have a history of extreme price volatility. Small to medium-sized business owners, especially in traditional industries, require certainty and security of payment methods.  Transaction speed is the key to overcoming price volatility, both real and perceived. There have been some positive developments on this front recently. Bitcoin’s gradual adoption of segregated Witness (SegWit) and the nascent lighting network are two significant technological achievements its developers have introduced recently.   The growing positive sentiment toward cryptocurrencies in the UK follows positive developments elsewhere. San Francisco-based startup Litepay  launched this month , allowing retailers to accept Litecoin, settled in fiat. Litepay joins Bitpay, which mid-last year  launched  a wallet app with prepaid Visa debit card integration.  In crypto-friendly Japan, Yamada Denki, the giant Japanese electronics store, recently  announced  it would trial Bitcoin acceptance at two of its Tokyo outlets, with plans for a nationwide rollout.   Last November, cryptocurrency point-of-sale (POS) solutions provider for Southeast Asian retailers,  Pundi X ,  successfully integrated into the NEM blockchain . Pundi X devices are now able to connect to both the Ethereum (ETH) and NEM (XEM) blockchains.  The adoption of cryptocurrencies as mainstream payment methods has been slow, but has recently shown signs of speeding up. Expedia and Overstock both started  accepting Bitcoin  as payment options in 2014. They were pioneers at the time.  If the growing  – albeit slow  – trend toward the more widespread adoption of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies is to continue, POS solutions providers such as Paymentsense will be key partners in enabling high street retailers to accept cryptocurrencies with confidence.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Remains Volatile, Litecoin Sustains Momentum With 4% Gains Twitter  Yesterday, on February 25, CCN reported that the cryptocurrency market struggled to maintain momentum in the $500 billion region, falling to $430 billion as sell volumes intensified. A similar trend occurred today, as most major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin struggled to record gains.  Bitcoin and Ethereum  On February 26, only Litecoin and Ethereum amongst the 10 most valuable cryptocurrencies in the global market managed to record daily gains. Ethereum’s native cryptocurrency Ether demonstrated a slight increase in value of 1 percent from $841 to $852, after dipping below $820 on February 25. Ether remains as the only cryptocurrency apart from Litecoin to show some upward moment um, but its trading volume is still relatively low.   Over the past few weeks, Ether has tended to follow the price trend of bitcoin throughout the recovery period from its monthly lows. But, in some periods, Ether moved in a divergent path from bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. Last week, when bitcoin spiked in value to $12,000, Ether and ERC 20 tokens or ICO tokens performed poorly. This week, Ether has performed better than bitcoin, moving in a different direction to the most dominant cryptocurrency in the market.  This week, bitcoin has struggled to remain above the $10,000 mark, which many analysts have described as the psychological threshold for traders. It is difficult to evaluate the short-term trend of bitcoin during this period in which bitcoin, the most liquid and dominant cryptocurrency in the market, is experiencing huge upswings and declines on a daily basis.  Merely one week ago, the price of bitcoin doubled from its yearly low at $6,100, breaching the $12,000 mark. In some regions like South Korea, the price of bitcoin briefly surpassed the $13,000 mark. As of today, the price of bitcoin remains below $9,600, demonstrating little signs of recovery back to the $12,000 level in the short-term, due to its low volumes.   In early February, as CCN reported, Pantera Capital’s Dan Morehead stated that the price of bitcoin will likely start increasing by the 72nd day since its major correction in January, given that most short-term bubbles typically tend to burst and momentum rebuilds in less than 3 months.  “So it seems like another couple of weeks and everything will be kind of normal and it could start grinding back up,” said Morehead.  Tether  Tether, a cryptocurrency that is backed by the US dollar at a 1:1 ratio, is an important indicator of the short-term performance of the cryptocurrency market. Many investors on major cryptocurrency exchanges like Binance and Bitfinex utilize Tether to hedge the value of cryptocurrencies during a volatile period, especially when the market begins to fall.  As of February 26, the daily trading volume of Tether is $1.975 billion, making it the second most liquid cryptocurrency behind bitcoin. The large daily trading volume of Tether indicates that many traders are uncertain about the short-term trend of major cryptocurrencies, and are hedging the value of cryptocurrencies in the market to the US dollar.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   China ’s State Media  & Largest Newspaper Lauds Blockchain Technology Twitter  China ’s state media today praised blockchain technology and the potential benefits it may bring to society.  The People ’s Daily  – China ’s largest newspaper and official outlet of the Communist party today published a feature article on blockchain technology. The piece was highly positive, describing the many potential benefits of the technology to both Chinese citizens and the paper ’s three million international readers.  It began by outlining the  “highly ingenious ” structure of distributed decentralized ledgers, before describing areas where the technology could be life-changing;  “financial difficulties, public welfare, supervision, counterfeiting and many other areas of pain and difficulty ”. Blockchain was described as potentially the next internet, with the publication stating that Chinese authorities would better promote and use blockchain technology in order to continue to improve infrastructure and strengthen the formulation of relevant laws and policies.  A distinction was however made between blockchain and cryptocurrencies  – the piece pointed out that blockchain is the underlying technology and infrastructure of bitcoin, but that there may be many more implementations of the technology. Whilst no direct criticism of virtual currencies was made, the piece did warn citizens of investing in overseas projects. Earlier this month China ’s Internet Financial Awareness body called for greater  awareness  regarding the risks of ICOs, (Initial Coin Offerings), and today ’s article expanded upon this statement. According to the article, most ICOs have nothing to do with technology development. Instead, they were described as  “fishing for capital ”  – a process draining good investment money into bad hands.  The Chinese authorities ’ attempts to spread awareness of the risks of ICO ’s follow strong crackdowns. Last September the government issued a  sweeping ban on ICO ’s  and forced cryptocurrency exchanges to close. According to data taken from Coinmarketcap, Chinese market volume, which represented over 98 percent of global markets fell a  staggering amount  to just 15 percent.  Whilst the country has been strong-handed on cryptocurrencies, today ’s publication shows that the authorities recognize the potential of the technology underpinning them. With reports circulating last year that China has plans to  create it ’s own national cryptocurrency , it seems likely that the government ’s main concern was its lack of control over developments. The article seems to imply that whilst it is unlikely that fully decentralized cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and other systems will return, China wishes to embrace the technology underpinning them  – on its own terms.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   The Oil Industry Drills into the Blockchain Twitter  The historic and paper-intensive ways of the oil industry are due for an upgrade, especially amid heightened demand for the commodity. Some of the biggest names in oil transport are leading the charge for the integration of blockchain in an industry that is ripe for distributed ledger technology given its dependence on contracts for its mere existence.  Oil transport involves ships known as tankers, which could extend as far as 500 yards, daily embarking on trips, together carrying crude oil barrels numbering in the millions,  as described by Bloomberg . It all hinges on a single paper document that sea captains are tasked with maintaining. The paper system is known as the bill of lading, and if some industry participants have their way, it could soon be replaced by a blockchain-fueled approach.  From Bill of Lading to Blockchain  With bill of lading, transactions indicating ownership of multiple millions of dollars ’ worth of crude oil on a single tanker are recorded every day. The ships are responsible for nearly 50% of oil demand around the world, or $2.7 billion every day.  Demand for these ships is on the rise amid record crude oil consumption, and that ’s where the blockchain steps in. But for blockchain to work, all the parties involved in crude oil transport must adopt it.  Big Oil Is Engaged  The bill-of-laden approach has many flaws, not the least of which is the propensity for fraud, which is a top worry among traders. It ’s not surprising, then, that traders, who use a digital-based system for proprietary data, are front-in-center in the discussions about a possible industry move to blockchain.  In fact, oil-industry participants have moved beyond just talked. A group representing major oil players have teamed up to launch a blockchain-fueled platform for  “physical oil trades, ” as per Bloomberg. The market participants include BP, Royal Dutch Shell, Statoil, several commodity-trader groups and banks including ABN Amro and Soc Gen.  The mere fact that discussions underway represent a sea change for the industry, as big oil hasn ’t updated its paperwork-fueled system for centuries, according to Alistair Cross, global head of operations Mercuria Energy Group, cited in the Bloomberg article.  An upgrade to a distributed ledger technology would introduce a host of benefits, including encryption-based security, greater accuracy, lower costs and time savings. For example, the piloted version slashed the transaction verification process from several hours to minutes.  But there would also be some fallout. Individuals who performed the manual tasks of data entry would likely be out of a job with the adoption of blockchain technology in the oil industry.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   2010 ’s 10,000 Bitcoins Pizza Guy Repeats Feat With Historic Lightning Network Transaction Twitter  The “Bitcoin pizza guy” is at it again.  Laszlo Hanyecz, best known for making the first documented transaction in which Bitcoin was used to purchase a physical item, recently christened the  Lightning Network  (LN) with the help of a sympathetic pizza delivery driver and a jerry-rigged atomic swap.  Hanyecz ensconced his place in Bitcoin lore on May 22, 2010, when he paid another early adopter 10,000 BTC to order him two pizzas. This transaction  — believed to be the first in which a seller accepted a Bitcoin payment for a physical item  — spawned both  Bitcoin Pizza Day  and the “ Bitcoin Pizza Index ,” which calculates the present value of coins used in that historic transaction.  On Feb. 25, Hanyecz revealed on the  Lightning Network development mailing list  that he had made a similar purchase using the nascent LN mainnet (though  not the first  to use it to pay for a physical item).  He explained:  “In short, I paid bitcoin using the lightning network and he arranged for pizza to be delivered to me. In this trade my friend is just a middle man that is taking the risk on accepting lightning payments, but it demonstrates the basic premise of how this works for everyday transactions. It could just as well be the pizza shop accepting the payment directly with their own lightn ing node. ”  This time, though, the transaction set him back just 649000 satoshis (0.00649 BTC), which works out to about $63 at the present exchange rate.  Source: Laszlo Hanyecz  To make the purchase as “trustless” as possible, the two parties opened a payment channel, which Hanyecz funded to prove that he had the BTC. When the delivery driver arrived at his house, Hanyecz showed him a portion of the payment hash preimage, which matched what the driver had been given by the seller and proved that the buyer had paid the invoice.  Revealing part of one’s hash preimage, Hanyecz stressed, is generally not advisable, but he did so in this instance in order to further enhance the trustless nature of the experiment.  Reflecting on the transaction, Hanyecz said that  — at present  — there was really nothing gained by completing the purchase off-chain over the Lightning Network as opposed to a conventional on-chain payment. However, he forecast that this may not always be so.  “So is there any point to doing this instead of an on chain transaction? For what I described here, probably not. The goal was just to play around with c-lightning and do something more than shuffling a few satoshi back and forth. Maybe eventually pizza shops will have their own lightning nodes and I can open channels to them directly, ” he concluded.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Breaking: Goldman-Backed Circle Acquires Crypto Exchange Poloniex Twitter  Former bitcoin startup Circle has acquired US-based cryptocurrency exchange Poloniex.  Circle, one of the earliest and the best-funded startups in the bitcoin industry has announced its acquisition of Poloniex, one of the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchanges.  In an  announcement , Circle co-founders Sean Neville and Jeremy Allaire stated:  “We’re proud to announce that Circle has extended its commitment to a new vision for global finance by acquiring Poloniex, a leading token exchange platform. ”  The co-founders outlined a handful of objectives taking immediate priority, underlining enhanced customer experience, market expansion with additional support for cryptocurrencies and, ‘most importantly’ retaining the features and services already on offer at Poloniex.  In 2015, Goldman Sachs was the lead investor in Circle’s  $50 million funding round .  Circle notably received New York’s first ever  BitLicense  in September 2015. A  European expansion  followed after earning an electronic money license, the first bitcoin company to do so, in Britain come April 2016.  Developing…  
INCREASE	   Singapore Inks FinTech, Blockchain Pact with Indian State Government Twitter  The Monetary Authority of Singapore, the country’s central bank, has entered an agreement with the government of the Indian state of Maharashtra to jointly explore FinTech initiatives in areas including blockchain technology.  Signed on Monday in India, the new  cooperative pact  sees a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the two government entities to explore joint innovation projects that will see the application of financial technologies including blockchain, digital and mobile payments and big data. The MoU’s terms will also enable the exchange of information and data in FinTech-related trends as well as regulatory discussions to encourage th e development of the sector.  Singapore is commonly seen among the world’s leading FinTech hubs for a country known for its technology-forward agenda. The MAS is notably among the earliest central banks to foray into researching and developing its own cryptocurrency. Its ongoing endeavor to place a tokenized form of the Singapore Dollar on a distributed ledger platform, dubbed ‘ Project Ubin ’, saw the central bank issue a  digital Singaporean dollar on an Ethereum blockchain  in mid-2017.  Today’s agreement will also foster engagements between FinTech startups in Singapore and Maharashtra, which sees Mumbai as its state capital. A FinTech-based curriculum developed for educational programs in the Indian state are also being considered.  Mumbai will also host a Centre of Excellence (COE) and a marketplace for Singapore-based FinTech solutions, directly facilitated by Maharashtra’s state government.  MAS FinTech chief Sopnendu Mohanty said:  “The creation of a Centre of Excellence and marketplace for FinTech solutions in Maharashtra could create more opportunities for Singapore-based FinTech firms. ”  With the new agreement, Singapore’s central bank has now partnered its second Indian state government after  previously establishing ties  with Andhra Pradesh, a southern Indian state, in late 2016. Andhra Pradesh, known for its own technology-forward stance, is also working on  cross-border payments  over a blockchain to Singapore with the latter’s central bank. Andhra Pradesh also figures among a few global governments partaking in the 150+ member strong  Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA) , the world ’s largest blockchain consortium.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Core 0.16.0 Goes Live: Here’s What Changes in this Major Update Twitter  Bitcoin Core version 0.16.0 has officially been marked for release by developers, ushering in a host of improvements to the wallet software’s codebase.  Bitcoin Core 0.16.0 Adds Full Support for SegWit  As CCN  reported , the most notable change in 0.16.0 is the introduction of full support for Segregated Witness (SegWit), a scaling solution that activated on the Bitcoin network last August.  Users had hoped that these changes would be included in the last release, Bitcoin Core version 0.15.1, but in that update developers ultimately focused their attention on addressing perceived threats associated with the contentious  SegWit2x hard fork , which ultimately failed to activate on its scheduled launch date in December.  However,  version 0.16.0  finally includes support for “native SegWit addresses,” which leverage the user-friendly bech32 address format and support SegWit payments automatically.  Collectively, this and other upgraded features allow users to take full advantage of SegWit, which reduces the size of transactions and ultimately results in moderately-lower fees.  As more users send SegWit transactions  — and  major Bitcoin exchanges  and wallet services implement it as well  — the network’s transaction capacity will increase, further enhancing the upgrade’s fee reduction.  Other Notable Upgrades  Although this release is headlined by support for SegWit, it includes several other noteworthy upgrades.  First, replace-by-fee (RBF)  — which allows users to replace slow-to-be-mined transactions with new transactions with higher fees  — will be enabled by default.  Next, all newly-created Bitcoin Core wallets will be hierarchical deterministic (HD), meaning that they operate according to the BIP32 protocol and thus allow the creation of child keys from parent keys.  Moreover, users will notice a slight change in the GUI, as the colloquial  “bits ” has been added to the more technically-specific µBTC denomination.  Finally, there are a number of other tweaks to Bitcoin Core ’s remote procedure call (RPC) repository, but such changes will not alter the user experience for casual users.  Due to certain changes in the codebase, wallets created in versions 0.16.0 and later will not be compatible with versions prior to 0.16.0, so users should keep this in mind if they ever decide to revert back to an older version.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   $10 Billion: Dave Kleiman’s Estate Files Mammoth Suit Against ‘Bitcoin Creator’ Craig Wright Twitter  The estate of early Bitcoin adopter Dave Kleiman has sued self-declared Bitcoin creator Craig Wright for more than $10 billion for allegedly stealing more than 1 million BTC from the forensic computer investigator following his death in 2013.  The  complaint , which was dated Feb. 14 and filed by Boies Schiller Flexner LLP on behalf of Kleiman’s brother Ira, alleges that Kleiman and Wright were both involved with Bitcoin development from the project’s inception.  The document avoided stating outright that either or both of them were Bitcoin creator Satoshi Nakamoto, as Wright has  claimed  in the past.  However, the complaint claimed that the two men mined more than 1.1 million BTC through W &K Info Defense Research LLC, a company formed by Kleiman and either owned wholly by him or held in partnership with Wright.  Kleiman provided his family with few details about his involvement in Bitcoin, and  — upon his death in April 2013 following a long battle with MRSA  — Wright allegedly forged and backdated a series of contracts that transferred Kleiman’s cryptocurrency assets to Wright or his associated companies.  Wright later told Ira Kleiman that his brother had signed away these property rights for shares  — allegedly worth “millions”  — in one of Wright’s companies, but this company went bankrupt soon after, leaving Kleiman ’s estate with nothing, even as Wright continued to live a lavish lifestyle bankrolled by his supposedly ill-gotten BTC.  Based on these and other claims, the plaintiff asked the court to force Wright to return the stolen funds  — which amount to between 550,055.5 and 1,100,111 BTC depending on the ownership structure of W &K  — to Kleiman’s estate.  At the time of filing, these funds were worth more than $10.2 billion, while the value of the two largest Bitcoin-derived forks  — Bitcoin Cash (BCH) and Bitcoin Gold (BTG)  — adds another $1.5 billion.  Boies Schiller Flexner LLP did not immediately respond to an inquiry regarding the document’s authenticity, but  documents  filed with the court indicate that the firm has levied a case against Wright and that he has already been issued a summons, to which he must respond within 21 days of receipt.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Reveals Scammer Stole 7 Bitcoins Twitter  If you’ve fallen prey to a cryptocurrency-related scam, you’re likely too mortified to admit it publicly. However, you should take heart because even Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has found himself a few BTC short at the hand of an experienced scam artist.  Wozniak related this embarrassing incident at the  Economic Times Global Business Summit , explaining that he had sold approximately 7 BTC to a buyer using a stolen credit card number. The payment was ultimately canceled, presumably by the card’s rightful owner, leaving the tech mogul with nothing but an empty Bitcoin wallet.  “The blockchain identifies who has bitcoins… that doesn’t mean there can’t be fraud though. I had seven bitcoins stolen from me through fraud. Somebody bought them from me online through a credit card and they canceled the credit card payment. It was that easy! And it was from a stolen credit card number so you can never get it back,” he said.  Wozniak revealed in January that he had liquidated most of his Bitcoin holdings when the flagship cryptocurrency was trading near its all-time high, explaining that he was  most interested in Bitcoin for its utility  but had lately found himself too caught up in its price movements.  Nevertheless, the incident is curious, given that common sense would seem to dictate that one should not sell Bitcoin  — whose transactions cannot be reversed  — to an unknown buyer in exchange for a credit card payment, which can be cancelled after the point of sale.  Indeed, US residents have access to a variety of brokerage and trading platforms that charge small fees and protect sellers against counterparty risk.  Wozniak has never revealed how many BTC he owned, although he did say that he purchased the asset when it was trading at roughly $700. Depending on how large his total balance was, Wozniak could potentially have completed the transaction through one of the many  over-the-counter (OTC) trading desks  that process cryptocurrency sales for institutional clients.  However, given that the prolific entrepreneur and investor has always described his interest in Bitcoin as an  “experiment ”  — not an investment  — perhaps he desired to experience a peer-to-peer (P2P) trade. It seems, though, that he learned an expensive lesson in the process.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Global Money Laundering Watchdog Briefed on Korea ’s Crypto-Friendly Rules Twitter  South Korea’s financial watchdog has reportedly briefed a major global anti-money laundering body of its rules for domestic cryptocurrency transactions.  South Korean authorities, who have notably adopted a friendly stance on non-anonymous cryptocurrency trading in the country this year, have briefed the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) of South Korea’s domestic guidelines for cryptocurrency transactions,  Yonhap  reports.  Established in 1989, Paris-based FATF is a global intergovernmental body tasked to combat money laundering and terrorism financing (AML/CTF) with  37-member states  from all six populated continents in the world. In a meeting attended by all members last week, South Korea’s newly implemented AML guidelines for domestic cryptocurrency trading ‘were the first to be drawn up’ during the members’ discussion, the report revealed, citing the Financial Services Commission (FSC).  As Korea’s financial regulator, the FSC enforced  a complete ban on anonymous trading  of cryptocurrencies to introduce a new ‘real name trading system’ wherein cryptocurrency traders are required to use their real names with their crypto accounts and their bank accounts. In essence, any new cryptocurrency purchases or withdrawals in fiat will require traders and adopters to comply with the new know-your-customer (KYC) rules that kicked in on January 30.  Since then, Korean financial regulators have publicly stated that the government will  support  ‘normal [non-anonymous] transactions’ of cryptocurrencies, going so far as to call for the ‘normalization’ of cryptocurrencies in the country.  “The whole world is now framing the outline (for cryptocurrency) and therefore (the government) should work more on normalization than increasing regulation,” South Korea’s Financial Supervisory Service (FSS) chief Choe Heung-sik  told  reporters in a briefing last week.  Those rules are now being briefed to some of the world’s largest countries and economies, in what could ultimately pave the way for wider adoption and trading of cryptocurrencies globally under widely-accepted KYC norms.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Blockchain Technology and Data: Identity, Storage, Exchange Twitter  The age of big data isn’t a “new” period per se, but rather an ongoing game of fire first, aim second. Data has proven to be quite the valuable commodity, with major blue-chip business models being built on its exportation and processing.  But what are the associated risks with relinquishing and storing so much data with centralized providers?  Every day as users in a connected ecosystem, we constantly give out personally identifiable information whether it be a name, address, credit card information, or even the answers to recovery questions.  We all had a taste of the downside of centralized, trusted big-data breaches when Equifax announced  back on September 7 th  that their system had been breached, exposing the information of approximately 143 million consumers. The affected data included sensitive materials such as Social Security numbers, driver’s license numbers, and even credit card numbers.  This posed a huge blow to consumers, but it kickstarted a very important conversation about data integrity, and personal ownership over data that should’ve started years ago. Individuals began to realize the value in both having complete control over their data, and not trusting it to multi-billion-dollar corporations that protect it simply with a password that has less charact er restrictions than the ones they impose on consumer accounts.  This is exactly where blockchain technology comes in; not to save the day necessarily with buzzwords and rapid complete adoption of the latest token, but rather to help build the infrastructure needed to prevent these types of breaches. In truth, blockchains aren’t currently equipped to handle massive datasets, but there are ways in which they can be utilized to protect data on  multiple levels.  Blockchain Based Identity Verification  One of the first steps that can be taken with blockchain technology in regard to the protection of data is through the use of a self-sovereign identity. How could one possibly recreate the interaction of presenting a physical form of ID on a person-to-person level on the web? Phillip Windley  breaks this down  in a recent write-up, using an example featuring an individual showing their own ID at a bar.  He explains how the DMV can issue an individual a digital representation of their driver’s license which can be validated both from the DMV’s keys linked to their identifier, and the individual’s keys linked to their own identifier. The bar in question can then verify both the integrity of the ID, and the issuer in a system of proofs through associated keys.  uPort , one of many projects looking to tackle this allows users to selectively permission data to any service they’re utilizing, and keep their data stored with them at all times. Verification comes through the ledger, and no data is kept with the verifying parties that require proof of identification. The issuer of the form of identification simply needs to verify credentials, but  the actual user granting the data retains the personal information when utilizing it for verification with services.  Bloom , another project focused on credit issuance in particular, looks to mitigate the risks posed by centralized authorities handling sensitive data in the credit-issuance world by implementing secure ID’s using blockchain technology.  In that case, companies can verify the individual utilizing their services without having to store data on their end in centralized servers.  The Future of Distributed Storage  Issues of data storage and security can also benefit from blockchain technology by introducing both data splitting and encryption for protection. Decentralized data providers are looking to rise to combat the currently centralized cloud-option providers to mitigate pricing and ensure the protection of data.  Filecoin for example  deploys a form of security that provides end-to-end encryption with files in order to protect contents, all while not allowing providers to have decryption keys. Also, by distributing information across an entire network, you lose the risk of being compromised due to a single point of failure. Although massive amounts of data can’t be effectively handled using blockchain techn ology for distribution and accessibility, it’s still a goal that could potentially be within reach as the technology evolves as rapidly as it currently is.  Data Exchanges  – a New Form of Marketplace  Besides data storage, a “data marketplace” presents an interesting concept that can be administered by leveraging blockchain technology to ensure both safety and security with processing.  The  Enigma project’s  spin on data is creating a data-marketplace encompassing every potential vertical. Considering the desirability of large data-sets, they sought out to question how such a marketplace could operate in a trustless matter, all while maintaining data security as well.  A major problem that the Enigma project is trying to solve with their data-marketplace vision is protecting private data on the blockchain by using what they call “ secret contracts. ” Their secret contract system’s purpose is to ensure data privacy even while computations are being run on the particular data in question through a second-layer solution.  With their data marketplace idea came the problem of what they call “data escape,” or rather, participants in the marketplace selling acquired data to other parties. Instead of disclosure, Enigma’s secret contracts allow data to be processed by nodes in their network while allowing that data to remain private.  The age of big data isn’t ending anytime soon, but the ways in which blockchain technology can be used could help mitigate the risk posed by the poor security practices of central entities, and allow individuals to take back the ownership of their own data.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Investing: Emotions and Decision-Making Twitter  Round 2: Everyone Gets Emotional at Some Point  Consider all the examples shown in  Round 1  and now look at how the cryptocurrency market is currently behaving. It does look similar to a bubble burst, doesn’t it?  –disclaimer: my opinions and views are not financial advisements. I have personally invested in projects mentioned in this article –  https://coinmarketcap.com  More than 70% of the market value was wiped out in just a few days. There is one really great aspect about all this: the market is still there and most companies are still here ( with a few exceptions of course ). The meaning is, cryptocurrency does not have the same behaviour as other markets due to the fact anyone can easily participate (no KYC, regulation, etc) and even though currencies like bitcoin take hits of -70%, they still exist and they grow past to new price record levels.  https://trends.google.com/trends  Who were the most notorious sellers?  Take a guess! Yes, dumb money, so small investors who bought at high prices and due to the crowd feeling scared, sold at lower prices.  All the above reasons are more than important for predictive analytics and crowd sentiment analysis platforms to exist and help investors making better, more informed decisions. Below are some questions, you as an individual investor should ask, when investing in projects. Imagine how hard it can be finding the right information without the power of AI and machine learning, analyzing both open-source data and the sentiment of crowds:  1. Are news generally positive or negative regarding each coin?  2. Are people posting positive or negative comments regarding a certain coin?  3. What is the market cap vs funding spending?  4. What are the reviews and ratings for each ICO?  5. What is people’s sentiment towards the team?  6. How engaged is the community around the project?  7. What industry does the coin affect?  8. Are there many similar coins?  These are just some basic questions many investors ask themselves when deciding to re-allocate funding or investing into a new company.  Sanbase-low , for example, might help by analyzing important emotional information from crowds as well as financial indicators like projects ether burn rate, market capitalization vs burn rate and other financial data.  What other factors directly influence your portfolio performance?  Besides data availability, transformation and analysis,  the most important and decisive factor is the role emotions play .  “The best investors are emotionless towards an asset”  How many times have you heard this? It’s so further from the truth it hurts.  Well, not as much as  Phineas Gage  got hurt that’s for sure. This gentleman was a factory worker who lived during the 19 th  century and I will use his case as an example that, the best investors are not the ones who are emotionless, but rather the ones who can actually use emotions in a positive way during the decision-making process.  Our dear Phineas suffered a tragic event that would change his life forever, as one day while he was at work a metal bar pierced through his skull damaging his brain. Although Phineas recovered and was able to regain motor skills, his pre-frontal cortex was destroyed rendering him incapable of making decisions. His behaviour was heavily affected and his personality completely changed. Because his emotional connection to his past experiences was damaged by the accident, he became incapable of making decisions, even the most basic ones.  Antonio Damasio, a renowned Portuguese physiologist who deeply studied Phineas case  published quite interesting findings . The one that I find the most important for this article is that  emotion and reason are so deeply connected it’s impossible to separate one from the other .  Each decision we make is connected not only to a mental emotion associated to memories, but also to a physical feeling. That’s why we do learn from experience, mostly from mistakes: the worse, the better. If we lose that connection we become incapable of making decisions.  How can we leverage the role of emotion in the decision-making process?  That is the million dollar question isn’t it? Each of us has a different response to different stimulations. Some prefer to go with gut feelings, others with extensive data analysis and some with the wisdom of the crowds. Discarding the role emotion plays in any decision is, without a doubt, really dumb.  My advice is to leverage technology understanding in order to make better decisions. This is,  if there are tools available which can help you better rationalizing an event, dealing emotionally with it and then making the best decision with the most positive outcome possible, you should definitely use them . It seems we’re starting to have the power of crowd sentiment analysis and extensive data analysis just some clicks away.  Predictive analytics can be very useful to understand how your logic holds when compared to the markets. There are already some platforms available like  Stox ,  Augur  or  Gnosis . Remember  Santiment ? Great, use all these tools to test your feelings towards an asset. How did you do? Was it hyped? Undervalued? What about crowd sentiment, was it aligned with yours?  If you want alerts for crowd-validated news check  CoinMarketCal ,  Snip  and  ClearPoll .  Now, my only piece of advice for this round is:  Buy when there’s blood; sell when there’s hype.  Easy, right? Full disclosure: If it were no one would lose money on the market. Linking Round 1 with Round 2 is important so that we all can understand that any decision we make is intertwined with a bunch of emotional responses that come from experiences.  Remember the  dumb money vs smart money  dilemma? This is the answer:  Not ignoring your emotions and using different data analytic and crowd sentiment tools to better comprehend how you can improve emotional responses to different events.  https://coinmarketcap.com  https://trends.google.com/trends  Just compare the price action of bitcoin vs the number of times bitcoin gets a hit on google. There is, without a doubt, a clear correlation between exponential price movements and the number of people googling bitcoin as this obviously happens due to media hype (FUD and FOMO).  At the end of the day, for some investors to win, others need to lose. To be on the winning side one must first lose a great deal of battles (and most likely a bunch of money), so one learns how to better make decisions on the next round.  Leverage your experiences and emotions when making decisions and don’t be afraid to use them. Whatever feeling you might have towards an asset or an event, listen to it.  Test your hypothesis and register the outcome.  Repeat until master.    Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Opinion: A Long Time Ago In A Galaxy Far, Far Away … Twitter   — this is not financial advisement, simply my opinion and thoughts. Most of my personal savings are in some form of cryptocurrency so please take whatever I say with a grain of salt. After all, the more people who join crypto, the more it will increase in value —  Before I bombard you with weird ideas and, most definitely, crazy concepts of all sorts, let me give you a clear picture about myself. I work in IT, more specifically with ERP systems. I’m not really the best at what I do, but I’m confident enough to know what I’m doing (most times). I’m also the founder of a web platform called  Bityond , which goal is to match people to jobs by skills, experience and characteristics. It will soon undergo an ICO, which I and the team are preparing at the moment to transition Bityond from a centralized organization into a distributed network model. I also write opinion articles on cryptocurrency, advise ICO projects like  Arxum  and I ’m currently developing smart-contracts for different projects.  “Right, so you’re a kind of an expert is that it?”      Very few people are cryptocurrency experts in the world ( Andreas ,  Jimmy ,  Vitalik  for example) and if you’re looking for #WHENMOON price predictions and tales on how much money you can make investing in cryptocurrencies, I must disappoint you. My goal is not to teach you how to make gazillions in cryptocurrencies, as I really don’t know how one could achieve that (rather than pure luck or an absolute understanding of the market). Instead, I’m going to specu late, not on price, but on technology.  Old friends, long gone   The day bitcoin was first mined and officially went Live, was also the day someone successfully achieved something people have been trying to accomplish for a few years: to create a digital currency detached from governments, banks, legislation and centralized control. But in order to get there, people had to first understand how money works. Before bitcoin there was digicash, a digital currency (obviously) but centrally stored. So it was prone to the same problems centralized financial institutions might suffer, like hacking or expropriation of content by  malevolus agents, due to the fact it had a single point of entry, it was centralized and it wasn ’t trustless. Trust was put on these digicash servers to work as a ledger which did not work well. Why?  Simply because no architecture will ever work as digital money without economic incentives implemented.  Fast forward a few years and we arrive to bitcoin. The key difference here is that the ledger, blockchain, is owned by everyone who decides to download it and it is verified by third-parties called miners, as most of you know.  Bitcoin in its core, and the way it works, offers economic incentives for these third-parties, to verify transactions and behave according to the rules. It’s the first triple entry accounting system that actually works!  Rey, these are your first steps   Did banks and financial institutions support this movement? You already know the answer, as most read and watch non-traditional media channels. But for most people cryptocurrencies, especially bitcoin, is the unregulated monster that is dooming the stability of the financial world and traditional fiat-currencies.  However, and thankfully, cryptocurrencies are here to stay. Maybe not forever, but hopefully will last a long time. We finally have an alternative to centralized forms of transacting money digitally. Sure, you can just give money on-hand, but if you wish to be a regular person and buy stuff online you’re doomed. The alternative? Home-banking! This is, if you actually have access to that technology. Does it make sense there is technology which allows for people to transact digitally and for it be proprietary? Meaning, it belongs to a company which can monetize it and decide whether or not you’re “worthy” enough to use it. As if this weren ’t enough power concentrated in a few institutions, they can also freeze your assets if a government demands it, for example.  “That happens for the protection of the people”  Ah! The protection of the people should be any government’s top priority concern, I completely agree, which is why I ask: If I chose to put my money in something I believe in, who can decide if I need to be  protected ? If I am not doing something illegal, like buying drugs on the black market, then there is no reason for me not to put my money wherever I  goddamn  want.  This is not an opinion, this is a fact.   If I choose to put all my assets in oranges I can. If I choose to put my assets in companies shares I can. Now, why would cryptocurrencies be any different? There should be no rules on exchanging fiat-currency for cryptocurrency. No regulation authority or government should have the power to decide who can exchange money. Well they can now because the currency is produced by central banks;  what if it wasn ’t?  All who gain power, are afraid to lose it   Want to regulate the cryptocurrencies market? Sure, regulate companies using cryptocurrencies, institutions, etc. Do not regulate cryptocurrency itself or how people can exchange money for cryptocurrencies, otherwise you’re going to have a really bad time. There are  plenty of examples  of what happens when a country blocks people from using a certain currency, and trust me it does not work at all.  Anyhow, looking at how the future will look regarding this topic I see a very strange road ahead. We see some governments supporting its usage by either  removing taxes completely  or lowering them substantial for cryptocurrency-to-fiat gains. Others, however, are backing out either  banning cryptocurrencies or by banning exchanges . I have  speculated in the past  how banks could block fiat-to-cryptocurrency exchanges, and while it did happen with some banks in some countries for a while, quickly stopped. Banks realized, as any business, if you do not allow your customers to buy bitcoin for example,  they will move their accounts to a bank that’s a little less conservative . This is not speculation, it’s clearly stated on the bank of America 10-K (a document that works more or less like an investors report so to speak), cryptocurrencies are viewed as a threat in two different ways:  As I said if you do not allow exchange of fiat-to-crypto you will lose customers; You cannot profit from most fees banks traditionally charge.  How about that?  Besides clearly stating “ well it seems we won ’t be able to continue ripping customers off as we do today ”, it shows willingness to adapt. But what scares me the most is that I really don’t see banks adapting at all. I mean, banks are people on boards making decisions. If you’re threatening their existence and way of living, oh boy they will rip you apart. And that can be easily done by buying cryptocurrency and manipulating the market. It would be an elegant solution to a simple problem: if you can’t beat them, destroy them from the inside out.  Join me and together we can rule the galaxy   This last paragraph is purely speculation I admit, although I did have fun writing it. I’m sure some clever minds will figure out how to monetarize bitcoin institutional accounts soon (if they haven’t figure it out already).  Let’s move forward people. My point wasn’t to discuss if cryptocurrencies are valid or not (tip: they are!) but to think about how the world will look after they are more prominently used by everyone.  For the sake of the whole thing, we shall assume 20, 30, 40 years from now we all use cryptocurrencies. They are widely used on a day-to-day basis by people, although companies still use fiat-currency for lending and institutional commerce. As people get a wider and broader understanding of money, and how different currencies can and should be used, businesses will see an opportunity to adapt and change business models to better suit people’s needs. Corporations have already adopted decentralized business models (Google, Amazon, Microsoft) with cloud-based servers, securely stored on “server-farms” located somewhere in the middle of nowhere.  Moving forward, Governments should soon start to adopt more and more this decentralized model. It’s not easy and due to the many  data protection laws and regulations (which have been put in place due to the misappropriation of users’ data, by many corporations). Despite this, I’m sure there more nations will follow the steps of countries like  Estonia  and  Dubai . The real disruption will happen, in my view, when the entire economic, politic, financial systems and institutional organizations start to move from the centralized and decentralized models, into a distributed model.  Hit it, Chewie!   I don’t think we realize how fast things will change, nor how deep it will affect our lives.  Do you know how the internet works? Does it matter? You still use it, right? Same thing will eventually happen with cryptocurrencies, which will be the fuel behind its usage. Meaning:  when people are able to use cryptocurrency as they use the internet, we’re good .  I’m going to use the typical example of how economic incentives are badly used today, mostly via rewards. Usually, companies give rewards like free products or free credits to spend in-store, something for you to come back and spend more money, basically. That’s all pretty fine and it works well because people know no better. What if companies, instead of handing out rewards, handed out tokens to all agents who interact with them? Tokens could have direct value associated, mostly like shares (where companies pay dividends for example). Or they could be used to buy products, like a currency. Or they could be traded for other tokens or currencies. Imagine if you got rewarded for sharing data, like pictures, videos, text and virtually any type of content?  What if advertisers paid you for sharing your data , hence allowing them to better advertise products to you, with more added-value for their customers?  What if you could receive tokens for sharing or validating skills ? What if you received tokens for sharing resources,  like energy ,  computer storage , whatever you can think of.  Can you imagine a world where you don’t have one, but multiple sources of income because everyone is actually an investor without knowing? In a world where money has a purely digital form, where tokens can be swapped for currency, where payments happen instantly with minimal fees,  who the hell can tell me I’m insane?  They would be crazy to follow us, wouldn ’t they?   If you think I’m that crazy, think what choice do companies have but to change? If they do not change they will disappear.  As a customer, you will get more value from a business that gives you a cryptocurrency or a crypto-asset for sharing information or using their product, so why should you go back to a business that doesn’t give you that?   Distributed networks are simple to understand. How they actually work is an entire different ordeal. But for this article’s purpose, I’m skipping that “bit”. Any company can move into a network model, even if it’s Public:  (a) If you are public owned, ask permission to your shareholders. If you decide to increase your equity the sales pitch will be easy: just look at  how much money   successful  ICOs are receiving. Give your shareholders the same percentage as they owned (it’s all about ethics) and be amazed how your company ’s value immediately increases. #justlikemagic  (b) If you’re a private owned company you can move into a distributed model at any time.  The rules are simple:  Create tokens that represent your company. There are different types of tokens you can create, with different purposes. Utility, voting or revenue sharing are just some options you have. Distribute those tokens to your community: suppliers, customers, partners and users. Tokens must be given to any agent interacting with your company. Tokens must have an economic incentive and people should be able to trade them for other tokens (or cryptocurrencies).  Let ’s use a practical example, imagine I owned a spaceship junkyard called Watto’s.   Now in my business model I’ve incorporated tokens and as an economic incentive by allowing users to spend tokens as a discount on products and I also pay a revenue share to token holders every year. Tokens are given for free depending on the amount purchased and they can also be purchased from other token holders. I have set a limited supply so it’s a deflationary token meaning it will increase in value, as fewer tokens are available as time goes by. I started by giving tokens to all my suppliers so that they had an incentive to sell to me . My customers also have an incentive to drop by again as they can spend tokens if they’re short on cash (works as a discount).  As a consumer you now have more ways to increase your income. It’s not only about your full-time job anymore. Remember all your other skills and passions? Yes, you can put those into work and get rewarded for that. By giving extra economics incentives to people, companies are creating more sources of income. We could even consider a great percentage of people not having stable, full time-jobs in the future.  Why should they?  Distributed ledger technology working alongside with economic incentives can help the sharing and gig economy really flourish. With minimal intermediary fees, where time can be actually translated into money due to the lack of third-party frictions, it will be easier to monetize time spend doing tasks or monetarizing the economy of assets sharing (like vehicles, houses, appliances, tools, energy, data, etc).  Do you agree with my vision for the future? Or am I being too naive?  Share your opinion and thoughts!  
INCREASE	   South Korea: 20 Year Olds  “Most Active ” in Cryptocurrency Investment Twitter  South Korean news agency,  Yonhap , has reported that according to a recent survey, people in their 20s are the front-runners in cryptocurrency investment. The results are not surprising – younger generations from all around the world prefer investing in this new industry rather than stocks and bonds.  Korea Financial Investors Protection Foundation surveyed 2,530 people, between the ages of 25 and 64, and found that 22.7% of 20-somethings bought cryptocurrencies. They were followed by people in their 30s by 19.3%, 40s by 12%, 60s by 10.5% and 50s by 8.2%.  However, 60-year-olds were the ones who invested the largest amount of money in cryptocurrencies with an average total of 6.58 million won ($6,119). 50, 40, 30 and 20 year olds invested 6.28 million won ($5,840), 3.99 million won, 3.73 million won ($3,710) and 29.3 million won ($2,724) respectively. Altogether, 70.2% bought cryptocurrencies as a means of investment, while 34.1%  bought it to pay for goods and services.  Other Surveys on Cryptocurrency Adopters  Apart from South Korea, Venture capital company,  Blockchain Capital , surveyed over 2,000 Americans from ages 18-to-34 in Nov. 2017. The  results  showed that 30%  “would rather own $1,000 worth of Bitcoin than $1,000 of government bonds or stocks ”, but only 2% of them owned cryptocurrency currently or in the past. Blockchain Capital ’s managing director, Spence Bogart, said,  “the results of the survey reinforce our conviction in the massive opportunity that lies ahead for Bitcoin. ”  Another survey by UK-based cryptocurrency exchange,  London Block , in Dec. 2017 showed that out of 2,000 Britons, 5% of those below 45 years of age were investors in cryptocurrency, while 11% were planning to invest next year. It was also reported that 2018 is the year where one-third of millennials are expected to invest in cryptocurrencies.  Thus, millennials show a different approach towards investment when compared to their ancestors. A 35-year-old in the 1990s would be looking at real estate for purchasing properties, buying Certificates of Deposit (CDs), or purchasing retirement packages. But a 35-year-old nowadays plans to put more money into the decentralized future of investments – buying BTC, ETH or contrib uting in ICOs.  Analysts even said that people are choosing Bitcoin over gold – last year, RJO Futures ’  Phillip Streible  said,  “Bitcoin has stolen a large market share of gold. ” Throwing some light on this topic, cryptocurrency expert Garrick Hileman, explained that,  “millennials began their income generating years during the fallout from the 2008 financial crisis, and many don’t completely trust traditional financial services  or the system in which they operate. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   IOTA Cofounder is Optimistic for the Cryptocurrency’s Future Amid Global Expansion Twitter  With  bitcoin ,  ethereum  and other big name digital currencies regularly making the news for their role in controversies and developments, it is often easy to overlook the rest of the cryptocurrency market, even those rising in prominence like as  IOTA . With a market cap of around $5 billion, it is currently the eleventh most valuable cryptocurrency. Unlike others, however, IOTA has its own unique spin on the blockchain tech, called Tangle. It is also able to boast zero transaction fees.  In recent times, IOTA’s heritage in the German capital has clearly attracted several indigenous companies with deep pockets. For instance, the Chief Digital Officer of Volkswagen Group, Johann Jungwirth, is one of the board members of the IOTA Foundation.  Bosch Group , through its venture capital arm, RBVC, has also invested an undisclosed amount and works closely with the foundation.  When  interviewed  by Bloomberg, IOTA co-founder Dominik Schiener shared his belief that with these new partnerships, IOTA is heading for the “next growth cycle”. There are also rumors circulating in the crypto community surrounding a possible smart contracts-like feature in IOTA. Setting up multiple offices around the world, including ones in Canada, Japan, Norway and South Korea, is perhaps in  anticipation of explosive growth following these changes.  Developers and mathematicians hired by the IOTA Foundation to work on the cryptocurrency are paid in IOTA tokens and not fiat currency. The foundation has accrued over 300,000 Euros in IOTA donations from users of the currency, according to Dominik.  Schiener’s first stint with cryptocurrencies was back in 2013 when he attempted to start his own digital trading exchange at the age of 17. The project, however, completely failed to take off, causing him to lose his investment of around 500,000 Euro. In the interview with Bloomberg, he stated that the reason for his venture’s failure was primarily because of the relative infan cy of virtual currencies all those years ago.  He further added:  “Many associated it with drug deals and other dark businesses, and no bank wanted to give me an account for the company.”  By 2015, when Dominik founded IOTA alongside David Sønstebø, Sergey Ivancheglo and Serguei Popov in Berlin, bitcoin and by extension, cryptocurrencies, had gained much more credibility amongst the masses. And by now, after the slow rise of IOTA throughout 2016 and 2017, it is clear that the young entrepreneur is dead set on making IOTA one of the most valuable currencies of our  time.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Stalls at $380 Billion, is Bitcoin Ready to Climb Up? Twitter  The cryptocurrency market has been highly volatile throughout this week, as major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, and Bitcoin Cash have continued to move in between $340 billion and $380 billion.  Is Bitcoin Ready to Move?  Today, on March 11, the cryptocurrency market recorded a minor recovery after dipping below the $350 billion mark. Briefly, bitcoin fall to $8,320, and the price of Ethereum also fell to $637, significantly below its all-time high established at $1,400.   The daily trading volume of bitcoin has remained relatively low for several days in a row, in the $5 billion region. The high volume of Tether, a cryptocurrency that is backed to the US dollar at a 1:1 ratio, can be considered as a representation of the market’s volatility, given that many traders on the world’s largest cryptocurrency trading platforms utilize Tether to hedge the value of cryptocurrencies to the US dollar.  At the time of reporting, the daily trading volume of Tether remains at $2.3 billion, which is nearly four times higher than that of Litecoin and over $800 million higher than that of Ethereum.  Crypto Rand, a respected cryptocurrency investor and analyst, stated that the “Misery Index” of bitcoin is signaling a buy opportunity for bitcoin investors. Throughout the past six years, upon a dramatic surge in sell volumes, bitcoin has continued to recover from major corrections.  For instance, in December 2016, the price of bitcoin dipped below the $800 mark as sell volumes intensified. But, throughout early 2017, the price of bitcoin rallied to $4,000, eventually achieving $19,000 within the same year.   #Bitcoin   “Misery Index ” signaling a great buy opportunity here.  pic.twitter.com/vwLr88kPSq  — Crypto Rand (@crypto_rand)  March 11, 2018  For instance, in December 2016, the price of bitcoin dipped below the $800 mark as sell volumes intensified. But, throughout early 2017, the price of bitcoin rallied to $4,000, eventually achieving $19,000 within the same year.  It is also important to consider the major factors that are causing the price of bitcoin and other major cryptocurrencies to be extremely volatile. Some state that it is the sell off of Mt. Gox bitcoins, worth over $1.5 billion, that is preventing the market to recover.  If Mt. Gox sell off has been causing the cryptocurrency market to fall, once it stops in the short-term, the market will not be affected by many millions of dollars worth of bitcoin being dumped into the public market, on cryptocurrency exchanges.  As sell volumes decline and the demand for major cryptocurrencies increase again, and the rise of demand coincides with the halted sell off of Mt. Gox bitcoins, the price of bitcoin will likely be able to recover to January 2018 levels, given the current trend.  Ethereum and Alternative Cryptocurrencies  In a volatile period, bitcoin tends to outpeform other major cryptocurrencies and smaller tokens. In the past 24 hours, while the price of Ether has dropped nearly 4 percent, bitcoin has dropped slightly by 2 percent.  Tokens like EOS and Tron, which recorded massive gains on March 10, have also declined by around 4 percent, following the trend of Ethereum.  While some investors like Vinny Lingham expect the price of Ether to outperform bitcoin in the short-term, given that Ethereum has performed much worse than bitcoin over the past few weeks, a large portion of investors still remain confident that newcomers will engage in bitcoin trading first, before considering other assets.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Cash is Up 5% on the Day in Contrast to Market Retreat Twitter  Bitcoin Cash  is gradually trying to maintain its position above $1,000 – at the time of writing, it is valued at 1,068.87. Along with Litecoin and Dash, it is the only cryptocurrency in green in the top 10 list. One certain event can be linked to its increasing price: the Gemini exchange.  Winklevoss Twins Considering BCH  Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss  talked  about expanding their exchange to other cryptocurrencies including Litecoin and Bitcoin Cash at the Cboe Risk Management Conference (RMC). Both the Gemini exchange and the Chicage Board Options Exchange (Cboe), have a partnership such that Cboe will only list currencies present on the twins ’ platform, as per their deal which allows Cboe to use Gemini ’s cryptocurrency data to calculate futures. So, only one of these companies have to decide whether they want to allow new cryptocurrencies, forcing the other to accept the decision.  In this case, both the exchanges share the same belief. CBOE has always wanted to  include  other digital tokens, as stated by president  Chris Concannon ,  “You look at the entire crypto space and you look at what other products have the liquidity and the notional size, a derivative makes sense. ” As noted by Tyler Winklevoss, their wishlist includes tokens that  “are from the Satoshi Nakamoto family tree  — Bitcoin cash, Litecoin. ” Hence, Gemini ’s decision to add these new tokens will automatically add their futures on CBOE as well.  Bitcoin ’s price soared past  $11,000  when Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) and Cboe confirmed that bitcoin futures were given a green signal for Dec. 2017. As  CCN predicted  a few days ago, the slightest implication by Gemini and Cboe has given Bitcoin Cash a boost of 5%. This assessment is based on two simple reasons: the price stabilization of bitcoin and the  ‘legal ’ status it acquired  “in the eyes of many Wall Street traders ” post the launch of bitcoin futures.  Bitcoin Cash in 2018  With  Mt. Gox  trustee selling $404 million worth BTC and BCH, and  US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  announcing that cryptocurrency exchanges offering tokens or ICOs must be registered with the federal agency, bitcoin has declined in value this week. But bitcoin cash had a slightly different year as it kept on moving back and forth from  $1,550 to $1,457  within 24 hours in February. Starting this month at $1,207,  the price went as low as 965 on Mar. 9 before jumping back above $1,000 earlier today.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Breaking: Trump Bans US Citizens, Residents from Venezuela’s Crypto ‘Petro’ Twitter  US president Donald Trump has issued an executive order banning US citizens from buying, trading or dealing in cryptocurrencies (the Petro) related to the Venezuelan government.  In what is certain to be the first crypto-related executive action taken by a US president, the White House revealed Donald Trump’s  executive order  to unconditionally ban all activities related to Venezuelan government-issued or related cryptocurrencies within the United States. The move was “in light of recent actions taken by the Maduro regime to attempt to circumvent U.S. sanctions by issuing a digital currency in a process that Venezuela’s democratically elected National Assembly has denounced as unlawful,” the White  House said.  An excerpt from the executive order confirmed:  All transactions related to, provision of financing for, and other dealings in, by a United States person or within the United States, any digital currency, digital coin, or digital token, that was issued by, for, or on behalf of the Government of Venezuela on or after January 9, 2018, are prohibited as of the effective date of this order.  As reported previously, Venezuelan president first announced the ‘ Petro ’, a digital currency backed by Venezuela’s massive oil reserves as a means to  combat  US sanctions and the financial blockade, earlier in December.  The Petro saw its pre-sale  launch  on February 20 and isn’t without controversy with the country’s national assembly declaring it a ‘ fraud ’ while market observers have criticized the petro for  undermining  legitimate decentralized cryptocurrencies.  Developing …  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Overstock Subsidiary Invests in Caribbean Bitcoin Startup Bitt Twitter  Medici Ventures , the subsidiary of popular online retailer  Overstock , has announced that it will be investing 3 million United States Dollars in the Barbados-based  blockchain  oriented company,  Bitt . According to a press  release , the move will grant the company an increase in ownership by 8.6 percent.  Bitt is a company that first appeared in 2015 as a mobile payment platform designed specifically for the Caribbean market, beginning with Barbados. Since then, the company has been developing its digital commerce system on top of distributed ledger technology, or blockchains. Medici Ventures already has a significant stake in the company, with the original investment of $4 mill ion being made as early as 2016. Shortly prior to Overstock’s investment in that year, Bitt had launched its own digital version of the Barbadian Dollar on the bitcoin blockchain.  The President of Medici Ventures, Jonathan Johnson, said,  “Bitt has created a blockchain-based payments ecosystem that is useful for every day transactions. It has positioned itself as a clear leader in applying blockchain technology to solve real-world problems.”  In February 2018, Bitt  announced  a partnership with the Caribbean island, Montserrat, to introduce its digital payments platform in the region. Given that smaller economies, such as the ones present in the Caribbean, often struggle with financial institutions and liquidity, it is easy to see how unified blockchain-based alternatives, such as the one proposed by Bitt, will be able to change that. The company i s looking to enable the purchase of goods and services using the Barbados digitized currency, that can be accessed and transferred in supported areas through a mobile app.  The CEO of Bitt, Rawdon Adams, was also optimistic about the investment. His statement in the press release included,  “Bitt is in a unique position to provide the solutions to boost both financial inclusion and overall economic performance through its blockchain-based software. That’s already being recognized by regional governments overseeing economies characterized by large informal sectors, persistently high rates of poverty and expensive traditional financial services. I thank Medici Ventu res for their support of our mission.”  Overstock’s Medici Ventures division, founded in 2014, has been making a significant investment in applications and companies demonstrating the use of blockchain technology. Another subsidiary of the company,  tZero , had also announced the launch of an initial coin offering (ICO) in November 2017. At the time, Medici’s portfolio of investments included nine different companies, all associated in some way or the other with blockchain technology.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptos Don’t Pose Risks to Global Financial Stability: FSB’s Carney Tells G20 Twitter  The Financial Stability Board (FSB), an international body that monitors the global financial system to promote stability and coordinates financial regulation for G20 nations has dismissed calls from some G20 members to regulate cryptocurrencies like bitcoin.  In a  letter  [PPDF] sent to G20 finance ministers and central bank governors on the eve of this year’s G20 summit in Argentina, FSB chairman Mark Carney has stressed that cryptocurrencies do not represent a threat to the global financial system, following a review by the authority.  Carney, who also serves as Bank of England governor, revealed the FSB had undertaken a review of financial stability risks posed by cryptocurrencies’ “rapid growth” in response to concerns by G20 members.  He went on to state:  “The FSB’s initial assessment is that crypto-assets do not pose risks to global financial stability at this time. ”  “This is in part because they are small relative to the financial system. Even at their recent peak, their combined global market value was less than 1% of global GDP,” he added. “In comparison, just prior to the global financial crisis (in 2008), the notional value of credit default swaps was 100% of global GDP.”  The FSB review determined that, for now, the relatively small usage of cryptocurrencies as fiat money substitutes and the “very limited use for real economy and financial transactions” means limited links to the wider financial system for cryptocurrencies.  This initial assessment could change, Carney added, if cryptocurrencies permeated into the core of the regulated financial system or if they gained usage as payment instruments.  The remarks come at a time when crypto-regulation is widely reported as a hot topic discussion among G20 members during this week’s meeting.  The G20, an international forum of governments and central bank governors from the world’s top 20 economies. Japan,  in particular, is planning on pushing its  G20  counterparts to introduce measures to  prevent the abuse of cryptocurrenc ies in money laundering, as  reported  previously. Financial officials from Germany and France have also  jointly proposed  unified regulatory guidelines for cryptocurrencies.  Despite pointing to consumer and investor concerns in cryptocurrencies and their use, or abuse, in illicit activities, Carney reminded G20 finance ministers and central bank chiefs:  “The technologies underlying them have the potential to improve the efficiency and inclusiveness of both the financial system and the economy. ”  Government officials of G20 member nations are expected to hold meetings that will include discussions surrounding the regulation of cryptocurrencies on Monday and Tuesday.  Featured image from  Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   UK IT Equipment Maker Plans Britain’s Biggest Bitcoin Mining Farm Twitter  Bladetec, a supplier of high-powered IT equipment in the UK, is reportedly planning to build a £10 million ($13.9 million) bitcoin mining farm across three locations in England.  According to major UK daily  The Telegraph , Bladetec is looking to raise £10 million from investors to build and operate a 3-500 square foot bitcoin farming facility operating as ‘The Third Bladetec Bitcoin Mining Company Ltd’ (TBBMC). The facility is reportedly being built across three locations in London, Suffolk and Surrey with Bladetec claiming the company is the first bitcoin mine in Europe to be funded by investm ent in a Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) regulated firm via capital raising partner Envestry.  Details on its  website  reveal that Bladetec is seeking a minimum investment of £5,000 per investor with shares sold at £1.00/share par value with funds used to purchase mining hardware and pay for electricity, site and admin costs. The company will be 100% shareholder owned, Bladetec added.  The company contends it has secured deals with wind farm for cheaper electricity, which will constitute the majority of the costs. The electricity will be used to power some 1000 ASIC mining rigs, to be purchased by TBBMC, running at 43 terahashes per second, according to information from  Envestry .  “The combined processing power of this mine will be on the Peta-hash scale, which will make it a significant global mine,” says a  summary  of the investor pitch. “Proceeds from the mine will be securely stored in off-line wallets and safety-deposit boxes.”  “We are entirely focused on maximising shareholder returns and so, understanding the relatively volatile nature of Bitcoins, we have allowed for four different growth scenarios with up to 45% capital growth per annum,” explains Declan Kennedy, CFO and one of three admins who will manage TBBMC.  The company intends to exit bitcoin mining within 2-3 years with shareholders’ returns earned from the sale of mined bitcoins and the mining equipment in pound sterling. This is touted as a ‘proven exit strategy’ to be enforced in aa scenario wherein the value of bitcoin hasn’t increased above a forecasted value or if the company doesn’t obtain permission from its investors to  continue mining – if the price of bitcoin increases above forecasts.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Research Suggests Tether Has Banking Relationship with Puerto Rico-based Noble Bank Twitter  New research suggests that cryptocurrency startup Tether  — creator of dollar-pegged stablecoin USDT  — has a banking relationship with Puerto Rican financial institution Noble Bank.  On Monday,  BitMEX Research  published a report examining newly-released data related to Puerto Rico’s financial system for the calendar year ended 2017.  This data  — which was published by Puerto Rico’s Commissioner of Financial Institutions  — indicated that bank deposits in the International Finance Entities (IFE) category exploded by 248 percent to $3.3 billion in the fourth quarter, while total assets in this category grew by 161 percent. As BitMEX noted, this surge in deposits correlated with the cryptocurrency market’s dramatic upswell, and Tether’s market cap grew by 215 percent during the same period.  Source: BitMEX Research  Moreover, cash deposits as a percentage of total assets grew to 85.8 percent from 72.7 percent during the quarter, indicating a growth in full-reserve banking. Full-reserve banking is rare, and there are only two such banks in Puerto Rico that fall under the IFE category.  Of these two banks, only one  — the San Juan-based Noble Bank  — has verified relationships with cryptocurrency-related firms. In Fact, Noble Bank’s founder and CEO, John Betts, has a previous professional relationship with Tether co-founder Brock Pierce, stemming from a failed bid to take over now-defunct Bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox.  BitMEX Research had  previously fingered Noble  as a potential banking partner for Tether, and it said that the newly-released aggregate financial system data added further support to this thesis. However, the assets could just as easily belong to other cryptocurrency-related firms, as Puerto Rico has begun to attract these businesses en masse.  If Noble is serving as Tether’s primary reserve bank, it would be a significant development, as it would indicate that  — at the very least  — Tether is not a Ponzi scheme and that its assets are backed by USD.  As CCN has  reported , Tether ’s solvency has been a hotly-contested topic in industry circles over the past several months. Tether ’s USDT token serves as a proxy for USD on many cryptocurrency exchanges, and critics have alleged that the token is not fully-backed by USD and is consequently being used to prop up the Bitcoin price.  Tether had contracted with an accounting firm to audit the firm ’s balance sheet, but the two parties  “ dissolved ” their relationship before the report could be completed and published.  The US Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) reportedly  subpoenaed Tether   — along with cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex  — in December, but it is not clear what the regulatory agency discovered as a result of the probe.  Tether did not immediately respond to a request for comment, while a Noble spokesperson declined to answer CCN ’s inquiry, stating:  “As a matter of company policy, Noble doesn’t disclose client information.”  Featured image from Google Maps.  
INCREASE	   Wall Street Bank Morgan Stanley Likens Bitcoin to Dotcom Bust Twitter  Morgan Stanley compared an accelerated timeline for bitcoin ’s performance to the dotcom era. Sheena Shah, a Morgan Stanley market strategist, in a research report  cited in CNBC , painted a potentially grim picture for the future of bitcoin, finding similarities in the price performance and volume levels with the tech-laden Nasdaq at the turn of the century.  At one of its lowest times , the bursting of the tech bubble saw companies losing between $10 million and $30 million on a quarterly basis.  For bitcoin, however, it ’s all unfolding in a flash.    “Bitcoin price weakness has similarities to the Nasdaq in 2000, just occuring at around 15 times the speed, ” said Shah.  For instance, Shah looked to market rallies, where both the Nasdaq and bitcoin advanced between 250% and 280% during their peaks foreshadowing declines. There were similar trends in trading volume between the index and the BTC price.  The following is an illustration from the Morgan Stanley report that was subsequently Tweeted by a  WSJ reporter . While the time periods are different, with the Nasdaq ’s plight unfolding over nearly a decade through 2002 and bitcoin ’s activity reflecting a year, the chart appears to prove a pattern. If it ’s a harbinger of things to come, the BTC price has not yet reached a floor.   Bitcoin’s rise and fall looks just like dot-com’s boom and bust …kind of.  https://t.co/K0WtbwlsIH   pic.twitter.com/S7KwymWfTx  — Steven Russolillo (@srussolillo)  March 19, 2018   Not so fast, other says, pointing to cracks in the analysis  –   In the pantheon of  #ChartCrimes  this is hilariously bad analysis …  https://t.co/EwtbShbDPs  — James von Simson (@JvonSimson)  March 19, 2018   Bitcoin Bear Markets  The Morgan Stanley strategist, meanwhile, pointed to four bear markets that bitcoin has endured since its debut in 2009, each of which lasted for an average of five months. During those pullbacks, the price has dropped anywhere from approximately 30% to more than 90% at its worst.  The most recent declines have seen the bitcoin price tumble some 70% from its highs of nearly $20,000 at year-end 2017 to  less than $7,300  in recent days. And if history repeats itself, the current bear market could have another couple of months to go.  That places the average decline in the bitcoin price at between 45% and 50% compared to an average 44% drop in the Nasdaq throughout its five bear markets during the tech boom, Shah said.  In addition to price, the Morgan Stanley strategist also compared trading volume, where there were similarities but also some divergences between bitcoin and the Nasdaq.  “The follow-up rally for both bitcoin and the Nasdaq always saw falling trading volumes. Rising trade volumes are thus not an indication of more investor activity but instead a rush to get out, ” noted Shah.  As for the differences in trading volume, Shah concludes they could be  “interesting. ”  In December 2017, they released  a report on  “Bitcoin Decrypte d. ” In the report, they highlighted the risks associated with bitcoin investing, ranging from a lack of deposit insurance to the absence of regulation.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Gloom? Cheer Up People. Things Are Moving Forward! Twitter   Apparently the community sentiment towards cryptocurrencies is darkening, yet again, due to the recent price drops. The culprit behind these massive sell orders? You already know the answer, Mt. Gox creditor.  Google trends quickly show how the community is reacting to the recent events: people’s interest is as low as it was in May 2017. Pretty damn darn, isn’t it?   If you’re foraging for the slightest light of hope, let me help you: today we’ll focus on the good things, for a change. Forget price, forget volume and forget trading. Today none of it matters, as I’m here to tell you how far cryptocurrencies have come and what they ’ll potentially enable in the not-so-distant future.   Please, enjoy the ride!  — this article is not financial advisement, simply my opinion and thoughts. Most of my personal savings are in some form of cryptocurrency so please take whatever I say with a grain of salt. Do not invest what you cannot afford to lose –  Technology  There are a couple of points we need to discuss regarding recent developments in the cryptocurrencies world, mainly in bitcoin and the blockchain but not solely, which can trigger a new wave of adoption not only from people in general but also by businesses and governments.  For bitcoin and its blockchain, we can mention the two most important recent developments, being debated by many great minds everywhere:  (a) Segwit adoption: with the successful softfork that happened during August 2017, which implemented segregated witnessing, it became possible to incorporate more transactions in each block as the transactions became smaller. The problem was that segwit wasn’t being adopted worldwide as the transition which had to be made by mining companies and corporate businesses (exchanges for example), was a manual activation. So businesses waited until segwit was proven to be secure and only then activation would happen. There is another version that says activation didn’t happen sooner as the overall fees will decrease for mining companies. How is segwit adoption looking over the last 30 days, at the moment of writing? Take your own conclusions!   http://segwit.party/charts/#  (it already more than doubled. Couldn’t resist, sorry)  (b) The Lightning Network (LN): we can finally say  it’s going live ! It already has more than 1500 nodes connected in the testnet and people have already been making real transactions  despite the warnings  (I love these folk. They’re the real deal). A  recent announcement  came this week stating it will finally move onto the first mainnet.   https://explorer.acinq.co/#/   Now  Lightning Labs , the company behind the original development, is moving to the production environment, meaning, you will have the option to use off-chain payment channels to do transactions. You can now setup a lighting node, which will re-route payments to other nodes, and get paid to do that. Or you can simply start using it as a final consumer, who wishes to send money to another peer, or maybe make a payment to a business; you can count on escrow payments to be immediately implemented and used. Fees paid will decrease exponentially as miners will only register and validate final balances from the off-chain channels onto the blockchain.  I can’t wait for this to go Live, I’m so excited!   But if you think great technology developments stop on bitcoin and the blockchain, oh boy you’re in for a treat!  Other projects have surfaced and past ICOs are starting to bear some of the fruits. I will mention the four I consider top contenders to become massively adopted (I may be massively wrong, please beware):  1.  Ethereum : Obviously the most famous project just after bitcoin and for a good reason. Not only is moving into PoS (although PoW will remain working) with its latest  close-to-be Casper upgrade  which is already being tested. Congratulations to the team, it seems they’re managing to pull out a rabbit out of a hat, this is, moving from one consensus algorithm to another isn’t an easy accomplishment, I guarantee you. Not only it’s improving its own network but due to the many projects around the ethereum protocol, it’s gaining loads of momentum. Let’s discuss some of them:  The Raiden Network : it works more or less as the ethereum’s LN. In a recent update they’ve shown how it is possible to do machine-to-machine payments and implement smart-contracts in IoT devices, so that people can interact with them. You really need to watch this talk (if you’re not patient start on minute 10:30). Loredana, one of the main developers, did a great job  when presenting the latest developments .  Modum : this team is building an inter-connected supply-chain for big businesses. They’re working closely with the Pharma industry and already starting to show progress, as Thilo told me when we spoke over email. I would advise you to pay close attention to this project, as it can become one of the best  if correctly implemented .  OmiseGo : another project with the touch of Vitalik, the founder of Ethereum. OmiseGo are developing a  decentralized off-chain payment solution , to make it easy for people to exchange value over the ethereum network. It seems to be going quite well, as the team is making loads of new announcements and have a quite interesting roadmap laid out for this year.  Golem : although it has its own network to monetize computer resources of people connected to it, it uses the ethereum network for payments.  They’ve released Brass  in the testnet, a CGI super-computer rendering tool that allows designers and artists to quickly render their projects, for a considerably cheaper price than regular rendering farms. Absolutely epic in my opinion,  how economic incentives are correctly applied .  2.  Cardano : I know they’re still building their own protocol, but honestly the way they’re doing it already deserves its due credit. The idea is to have a fully decentralized protocol that works with PoS and it is easily scalable, even though it integrates smart-contracts.  The IOHK team  behind Cardano and Ethereum Classic is quite extensive in both knowledge and people. Look at the first Cardano wallet released last year,  the Daedalos , which is quite robust and hasn’t had any major problems. The academic approach by the team is brilliant as they participate in  many conferences  and  peer-review their papers.  I personally love this project, especially due to the  amount of activity and commits on github . Compare it to 90% of any other project and see the difference for yourself.  Cardano wallet vs IOTA wallet on github  3.  IOTA/Circle : Im mentioning both IOTA and Circle, as although I originally was more pro-IOTA, due to the  recent issues with the wallet  and the lack of clear response by the development team – and also because of that  Microsoft partnership ordeal  a few months ago – I started looking at alternative DAG projects, like Circle. Both have the same principal, just different teams and approaches. IOTA has been a great project to pave the way for other DAG currencies to appear, like Circle.  David  is the smart mind behind the first attempt to implement a feeless network. Hopefully both will improve along time and even each other, as we see so many of these projects using cool ideas, concepts and features from different projects and sources. The openness of the field is driving innovation forward in a much faster pace. I hope I’m wrong about IOTA and the problems get fixed. They’re still in a testnet, guided by the founding team, so I’m expecting to be put to my place in just a few months  as more improvements, nodes and people join the network .  4.  Monero : the first widely adopted privacy coin is still very much at play and recent announcements make me believe the technology and team are moving development forward. This makes sense for businesses, governments and people who do not wish to have all their transaction history available for the world to see. I understand privacy and I do not associate it to crimes or shady deeds. People are entitled to doing whatever they want with their money, as long as it is legal right?  –on a side note, I did not mention many amazing projects like Neo, Stellar, Upfiring, Status, Santiment, WingsDAO, Monaco or ClearPoll for example –  USABILITY  The most important feature of cryptocurrency will be usability, this is, when it becomes as easy to use as bank cards nowadays, things will definitely flip.   This is how I see it going ( danger: pure speculation ahead ).  Regulators and Governments attack cryptocurrency and ICOs as it is an unlawful way of raising money; It fails and cryptocurrency bounces back, as it has happened during the last couple of years; Banks, Financial institutions and Payments companies attack cryptocurrency as a whole, estimating it is only used for criminal purposes and money laundry; People and companies ignore all the warnings as fees become much lower than traditional banking ones; Previous ICOs will continue to grow and expand its networks to the point traditional companies cannot compete with the new utility and securities business models; Governments and regulators start to adapt and produce new regulation that fosters cryptocurrency growth, as a new way to attract businesses and talent; People start to trust cryptocurrencies more and more, as more projects start to yield results. The losses on bad investments and scams will lower because:  (a) People become smarter and won’t fall for basic schemes that easily (learning-by-doing).  (b) Regulators adapt new regulation to meet criteria that takes into account the digital and transparent nature of many cryptocurrency projects (Government protection).  Again, am I being too naive?  Maybe, but this is truly what I think will happen eventually. Price fluctuations will become a normal thing, as people start to understand the value of everything is whatever the market determines, including money. When people say governments won’t have the power to control the currency, they forget even governments can (and should) create their own cryptocurrencies with specific monetary incentives. Want people in your country to use the currency you issue? Easy, just make sure it has a purpose and utility, meaning, people shouldn’t be obliged to use the currency governments decide to accept, but rather the currency that is most convenient to them. Also, if governments want to have more say and control over the total supply of cryptocurrency, let’s say bitcoin, they ca n go to the markets and buy bitcoin. As simple as that.  As a last piece of advice I would like to leave you with some great people you can follow. Check their content on youtube, medium, steemit and twitter as it will help you becoming a better investor and understand in-depth how this technology works. The only way to ease your mind when prices drop is by having accumulated knowledge on how this technology works, how it will change the world and how there’s no stopping it.  Please do check the below sources and I hope they help you as much as they ’ve helped me:  Hacked ,  Andreas Antonopoulos ,  Ivan on Tech,  Boximing,  Coin Mastery,  Data Dash ,  Richard Hart ,  Jimmy Song ,  Vitalik Buterin ,  Charles Hoskinson ,  Dan Larimar,  David Sonstebo ,  Crypto Investor ,  Alessio Rastani,  They call me Dan .  Let me know what you think in the comments section.     Remember, the force will be with you. Always.  
INCREASE	   Twitter to Ban Cryptocurrency-Related Ads, With Limited Exceptions: Report Twitter  Twitter may be the next platform to ban cryptocurrency-related ads, following the footsteps of Google and Facebook. According to  Sky News , Twitter’s ad ban would go into effect in two weeks.  The microblogging platform will reportedly block ads from initial coin offerings (ICOs), cryptocurrency wallets, and exchanges. Notably the ban will have limited exceptions, potentially meaning verified, legitimate businesses will still be able to advertise their products and services.  The move is notable as Twitter is a popular platform in the cryptocurrency sphere. It may have been predictable, however, as earlier this month the company’s CEO Jack Dorsey revealed he was taking care of scammers who, as covered by CCN, are  even hijacking verified accounts to trick users.  Twitter’s cryptocurrency ad ban may, as such, be part of its crackdown on scammers. Social media giant  Facebook made a similar move  earlier this year, banning cryptocurrency-related ads to protect its over 2.7 billion users. At the time, the company revealed the policy was intentionally broad as it attempted to “work to better detect deceptive and misleading advertising practices.”  Google is also set to  ban online advertisements promoting cryptocurrency-related content  in June 2018, as part of its newly updated financial services policy. It’s set to curb other financial products including contracts for difference (CFDs). When the ban was revealed, Google’s director of sustainable ads Scott Spencer explained the move was a precautionary measure. He said:  “We don’t have a crystal ball to know where the future is going to go with cryptocurrencies, but we’ve seen enough consumer harm or potential for consumer harm that it’s an area that we want to approach with extreme caution.’  Both Facebook and Google also banned binary options trading ads. As Sky News notes, these bans follow the release of figures from Action Fraud, that showed victims’ losses in Britain surged by 400,000% in six years.  These platforms banned cryptocurrencies at a time in which the market has been enduring a bearish period. Bitcoin, the flagship cryptocurrency, has fallen from a mid-December all-time high of over $19,000 to a $5,900 low in February. At press time, bitcoin is trading at $8,339, according to  CCN’s price index .  Further pushing the market down is the seemingly endless bubble talk. As recently covered,  Visa’s chief financial officer (CFO) , Vasant Prabhu, argued that we know the market is in a bubble as unsophisticated investors are investing in it and have “no idea what they are doing.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Mastercard “Very Happy” to Support [State] Cryptocurrencies, Just Not Anonymous “Junk” Twitter  Payments giant Mastercard is fully behind supporting state-backed, central bank-issued cryptocurrencies, a senior executive has revealed.  In an interview with the  Financial Times , Mastercard Asia-Pacific co-president Ari Sarker has opined that the world’s second-biggest payments company would be “very happy to look at” supporting national digital currencies that are issued and backed by central banks.  He told the publication:  “If governments look to create national digital currency we’d be very happy to look at those in a more favorable way [compared with existing decentralized cryptocurrencies].”  “So long as it’s backed by a regulator and the value…” he said, adding “it is not anonymous, it is meeting all the regulatory requirements, I think that would be of greater interest for us to explore.”  Central bank-issued cryptocurrencies are currently garnering plenty of interest amid widely-publicized research efforts undertaken by a number of nations including China, Singapore, Canada, Israel, South Africa, Sweden and more. They are, however, yet to materialize despite the likes of  China  and  Singapore  successfully trialing digitized versions of their fiat currency on a blockchain. The first notable release of a state cryptocurrency, for  better or worse , is the controversial oil-backed  Petro , proclaimed as a national cryptocurrency that will  evade international sanctions  by Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro.  The Mastercard executive’s revelatory remarks follow those of president and CEO Ajay Banga who dismissed all non-government mandated cryptocurrency as “ junk ” last year. “If the government creates digital currency, we will find a way to be in the game. We will provide rails for moving currency from customer to merchant,” he stated at the time. “The government mandated digital currencies are interesting. Non-government mandated currency is junk.”  Further, Sarkar touched upon a bitcoin-to-fiat pilot that enabled customers to “cash out of bitcoin” over to a MasterCard. Few details are known, but a pilot is currently underway in Singapore and Japan even though it hasn’t reached any particular resemblance of “scale”, according to the executive.  “We are not operating trading of bitcoin through the Mastercard network,” Sarkar said of the decidedly cautious approach by Mastercard. “[The pilot] is a toe in the water, we’re fully cognizant of the reputational risk.”  Aside from filing for blockchain-related patents last year, Mastercard has also unveiled  three blockchain APIs  that covers features including real-time settlements, smart contracts and a toolkit for users running their own nodes on a blockchain.  Mastercard and rival Visa have both classified bitcoin purchases as “cash transactions”, the FT report adds, putting a hurdle for users to purchase cryptocurrencies due to higher fees. Sarkar ’s take on Mastercard ’s lack of support for decentralized cryptocurrencies is entirely expected and far more reserved than those offered by Visa ’s finance chief who mouthed off a privileged  tirade  against cryptocurrencies recently.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Could Trump’s Executive Order Banning ‘Petro’ Transactions Lead to Backdoor Cryptocurrency Regulations? Twitter  President Donald Trump’s executive order banning US residents from engaging in transactions related to Venezuela’s “Petro” cryptocurrency could give the federal government an opening to regulate cryptocurrencies more closely under the guise of national security.  The order,  signed by Trump on Monday  and effective immediately, makes it illegal for US citizens and residents to transact with the Petro or any other cryptocurrencies later issued by Venezuela, which has developed these tokens in an attempt to  subvert US economic sanctions  against the authoritarian Maduro regime.  The act also gives the US Treasury Department broad authority under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) to take actions it deems necessary to uphold the moratorium on Petro-related transactions.  From the order:  “The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, is hereby authorized to take such actions, including promulgating rules and regulations, and to employ all powers granted to the President by IEEPA as may be necessary to implement this order. The Secretary of the Treasury may, consistent with applicable law, redelegate any of these functions to other  officers and executive departments and agencies of the United States Government. ”  It is unclear what steps the Treasury Department  — the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) in particular  — will take to prevent US residents and entities from engaging with the Petro, but the breadth of this order should give cryptocurrency users pause. Indeed, the IEEPA gives the executive branch the authority to not only regulate and prohibit not only transactions in foreign exchange but also the import and export of currencies and securities.  Given that Venezuela has reportedly accepted both Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH) payments for its tokens, it’s not difficult to imagine a hostile regulator using this incident as an opportunity to crack down on cryptocurrency usage. Investing in Bitcoin, for instance, increases the Bitcoin price, indirectly aiding the Maduro regime to the extent to which it is holding BTC.  Moreover, since the Petro reportedly runs on the NEM blockchain (which, of course, does not require an endorsement from the blockchain’s creators), could trading NEM tokens (XEM) or listing XEM trading pairs on an exchange be considered aiding Venezuela, since these actions add liquidity to the market?  Such discussions are currently pure speculation, and  — given the  careful stance  with which other regulatory agencies have approached cryptocurrency  — these fears will hopefully prove to be unfounded.  However, as CCN  reported , Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has said in the past that the agency is looking “very carefully” at Bitcoin and wants to prevent it from being used in connection with illicit activities. To this end, he has expressed his desire that cryptocurrency wallets should be regulated like banks, likely referring to third-party custodial wallets but perhaps betraying an ignorance abo ut the fundamentals of cryptocurrency technology.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Brazilian Exchange Foxbit to Process Withdrawals during Extended Downtime Twitter  As recently covered by CCN,  Brazil’s largest cryptocurrency exchange Foxbit  recently went down and lost a total of 30 bitcoins because of a bug that allowed users to withdraw their bitcoin balances twice. At the time, Foxbit claimed it would be back online by March 14, but now warned the platform will be offline until March 26.  Through a  YouTube livestream , the cryptocurrency exchange’s COO Guto Schiavon and CEO João Canhada revealed users will be able to withdraw their funs during Foxbit’s downtime. Withdrawals, according to the exchange’s executives, will be processed manually.  This means that to request a withdrawal, users will have to fill in a form. Per Schiavon, Foxbit will have 40 employees working on customer support to guarantee all requested withdrawals are processed. The exchange will only allow users to withdraw their entire balances.  To make it up to its customers, the exchange will process withdrawals without charging fees. During the YouTube livestream, several users questioned Foxbit’s health, to which its founders replied (roughly translated):  “The platform will come back, but it is not in our interest to hold any user ’s balance, be it in real or bitcoin. It is a solvent company and there is no problem if all users make withdrawals. ”  They further stated that the “power of exchanges isn’t shown by their lack of failure, but by their ability to come back.” Foxbit’s executives added that they’d improve their communication in the future, and that users shouldn’t use the exchange as a wallet. Instead, they advised them to store funds in a wallet so they’ll be in charge of their own money.  Other cryptocurrency exchanges using Blinktrade, a company that allows exchanges to develop their own platforms without hiring a developer, have also been down as the company is reportedly dealing with an error in its database.  Pakistani exchange Urdubit  used Facebook to reveal  it won’t be back until March 18 because of Blinktrade, while Vietnamese exchange  VBTC claimed  it could be back online anywhere between today and March 18.  Notably, according to local publication  Portal do Bitcoin,  bitcoin trading volume fell by about 50% in Brazil soon after its biggest exchange went down. During Foxbit’s incident, users seemingly prefer to wait it out instead of flocking to the exchange’s competitors.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Telegram ’s Cryptocurrency Could Be Worth $200 Billion, but is the ICO Overpriced? Twitter  Telegram’s much-anticipated cryptocurrency could achieve a $200 billion market cap in five years, but a respected analyst said that the firm’s initial coin offering (ICO) is still probably overvalued.  Reports on Telegram’s goal for the ICO have varied wildly. Some have placed the figure as high as $2.6 billion, but all reports agree it will likely  shatter  the token sale record.  Aaron Brown, a former managing director at quantitative investment firm AQR Capital Management  — told  Bloomberg  that Gram, the native token of the  Telegram Open Network  (TON), could achieve a $200 billion market cap in as little as five years, netting ICO investors significant profits.  However, the stars must align for investors to see that windfall.  Brown anticipates that 300 million people will be using cryptocurrencies in five years  — raising their aggregate market cap to $5 trillion  — and that Telegram could attract four percent of them to its platform.  Assuming that Telegram’s platforms sees a similar ratio of transaction balances to annual revenue as the now-defunct dark web marketplace  Silk Road  (one-sixth), Gram’s market cap will reach $200 billion. This, though, would require users to average $100,000 of annual value exchange, an eye-popping figure given current cryptocurrency transaction volumes.  “This would make it roughly one-third the size of giant internet companies, which is consistent with my estimate that crypto will be one-third the value of internet businesses,” Brown told the publication, stressing that this forecast is an absolute best-case scenario. “But that is the good case, and there are a lot of uncertainties about reaching it.”  Brown said that, according to his best estimates, Gram should launch with a $1 billion valuation (the article does not make clear whether this figure refers to the cryptocurrency as a whole or just the tokens distributed through the ICO).  “When I adjust for the other plausible cases and general crypto valuations, I came up with numbers like $1 billion, and declined to participate (I had reasons other than the price),” he said.  $1 billion is still an impressive mark for a cryptocurrency to reach at launch, but it nevertheless indicates that investors  — mesmerized either by the token sale’s notoriety or the claims that Telegram makes in the TON whitepaper  — are perhaps paying a significant premium for access to the ICO.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Fundstrat ’s Lee Predicts $91,000 Bitcoin Price in Two Years Twitter  Fundstrat ’s Tom Lee is making a bullish call on bitcoin in the next two years, suggesting that the latest 70% drop actually bodes well for the future BTC price.  The head of research at the New York-based market research firm predicts that based on historical trading patterns, the bitcoin price could reach $91,000 by March 28, 2020. To illustrate his point, Lee and his team have developed a robust database on bitcoin comprised of charts and graphs that identify trends for the top digital coin over both the short- and long-term durations .  For instance, Fundstrat ’s bitcoin misery index, a contrarian barometer that debuted earlier this month, is at 18, its lowest point since 2011, which is a bullish sign for the future price of bitcoin.  Fundstrat ’s Lee isn ’t deterred by bitcoin ’s 70% decline, saying instead that bitcoin remains in a  “bull market phase. ” In fact, it ’s not the first time the bitcoin price has shed this much or more. Similar losses occurred over stretches in 2011 and again in 2013 and could actually be a harbinger of profits.  Lee points to a previous 70% sell-off in the BTC price over a four-month stretch in 2013 that preceded what the firm describes as a  “monster rally ” in which bitcoin generated what appears to be unparalleled returns. Here ’s the chart, courtesy of Fundstrat ( as Forbes points out , Fundstrat ’s  “logarithmic scale ” isn ’t as dramatic as the typical linear chart)  Fundstrat  There ’s more. Bitcoin has also exhibited similar trading patterns of the past in that its downside volatility has been greater than its upside performance. For instance, the BTC price has advanced 37% in the latest three-month stretch compared to an eight-year average of 38%. Fundstrat explains:  “The lack of up days is not particularly unusual for Bitcoin. But it is down from 2017, when this figure peaked at 56%. ”  Fundstrat ’s bullish forecast extends to other leading cryptocurrencies, including ETH in 2018, which in addition to BTC will benefit from  “larger and more established blockchains growing in dominance ” this year, according to the Fundstrat report. Meanwhile, Forbes suggests there will be a separation of the wheat from the chaff, so to speak, with the leading coins capturing most of the investments.  History Repeats Itself?  While the Fundstrat charts clearly reveal patterns, there ’s no way to tell for sure if history will repeat itself and the bitcoin price will rally once again to achieve $91,000 by 2020. As Forbes points out, regulators have the ability to interrupt any fundamental trading in the bitcoin price. Having said that, they also conclude that bitcoin is currently in an  “oversold ” state.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ripple Price Headlines $45 Billion Market Rally as G20 Fears Subside Twitter  The Bitcoin and Ripple prices headlined a $45 billion cryptocurrency market rally that appeared to be predicated on optimism that this year ’s G20 summit will not produce an international framework on cryptocurrency regulations.  Bitcoin, Ripple Prices Leads $45 Billion Cryptocurrency Market Rally  Monday brought a welcome respite for cryptocurrency investors, as the markets demonstrated a buoyancy that has been rare in recent days.  The Bitcoin price soared by 15 percent for the day, reversing a weeklong downtrend that had seen the flagship cryptocurrency decline from $9,500 to $7,400. Bitcoin is now trading at $8,557 on Bitfinex, which translates into a $146.9 billion market cap.  BTC Price Chart  The rally was not isolated to Bitcoin; in fact, BTC ’s share of the cryptocurrency market cap declined by about three-quarters-of-one percent for the day to a present value of 44.4 percent.  Altogether, the cryptocurrency market cap swelled by $45 billion, representing an index return of more than 15 percent.   The Ripple price posted the top performance among large-cap cryptocurrencies, rising 19 percent for the day.  The Ethereum and Ripple prices each slightly outperformed Bitcoin, rising 15.4 percent and 19 percent respectively. Ripple ’s single-day performance was best among large cap-cryptocurrencies, and the XRP token is now valued at $0.67.  Altcoin Price Chart  Bitcoin Cash and Litecoin, meanwhile, each lagged the index despite returning double-digit percentage gains. BCH and LTC are now trading at $977 and $160, respectively.  The next four cryptocurrencies posted monster gains, with each far-outstripping the index performance.  Sixth-ranked EOS soared by nearly 30 percent, raising its price to $5.24, and the Cardano price climbed to $0.17 following its 32 percent surge. NEO ’s climb was not quite so precipitous, but its price still climbed by nearly 27 percent to $67.49.  The top 10 ’s most impressive performance came from ninth-ranked Stellar, whose price exploded by approximately 36 percent to $0.23. Stellar now has a $4.3 billion circulating market cap and sits just $60 million behind NEO for the eighth position in the rankings.  IOTA rounded out the top 10 with an index-beating 16 percent climb to $1.28.  Markets Trade up on G20 Optimism  Today ’s market rally correlated with optimism that this year ’s G20 summit will not produce an international framework for cryptocurrency regulations.  As CCN  reported , Mark Carney  — chairman of the Financial Stability Board (FSB), an international regulatory body  — sent a letter to G20 finance ministers and central bank governors advising them that cryptocurrencies represent a small component of the economy and do not warrant international regulatory action at this time.  The FSB ’s recommendation contrasted with statements from a variety of G20 financial regulators calling for the summit to feature discussions on coordinated cryptocurrency regulations.  Though the appetite for these regulations remains strong, the likelihood that the summit will produce them at this year ’s meeting now appears slim given the FSB ’s present stance.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Spikes 7% to $8,460 Overnight as Cryptocurrency Market Rebounds Twitter  After dipping below $7,300 on most major cryptocurrency exchanges, the price of bitcoin has spiked 7 percent overnight, increasing from $7,240 to $8,467, triggered by a variety of factors.   G20  Many analysts have attributed the recent increase in the price of bitcoin to the result of the 2018 G20 Buenos Aires summit, during which the Financial Stability Board (FSB), the global watchdog that oversees banks and financial networks as a representative of 20 major economies, stated that existing regulations on cryptocurrencies like bitcoin will be held and no additional restriction or regulation shall be issued.  FSB’s official report referencing FSB Chair and Governor of the Bank of England Mark Carney’s  letter read:  “The FSB’s initial assessment is that crypto-assets do not pose risks to global financial stability at this time. The market continues to evolve rapidly, however, and this initial assessment could change if crypto-assets were to become significantly more widely used or interconnected with the core of the regulated financial system. ”  Previously, up until this week, several analysts noted that the upcoming G20 meetup has contributed to the decline in the value of cryptocurrencies, as investors anticipated the G20 financial watchdog FSB to crackdown on cryptocurrencies and issue stricter regulations. Investors expected major economies to come together to regulate the global cryptocurrency market with harsher policies.  However, governments have decided to accommodate existing regulations on the global cryptocurrency market, which are already strict in regions like the US and Japan, and follow the regulatory roadmap of leading cryptocurrency markets to facilitate the rapidly growing demand for the emerging asset class.  It is highly unlikely that the G20 meetup was the sole factor behind the recent price surge of bitcoin and the entire cryptocurrency market. But, the cryptocurrency market was in need of an optimistic and positive development to secure an upward trend again, after being in a slump for over a week.  Consequently, the valuation of the cryptocurrency market recovered beyond $310 billion, subsequent to falling below $280 billion, and is eyeing to initiate a short-term rally.  In previous reports, CCN emphasized that the January correction would require several months to recover because many investors were hurt by the decline in the price of cryptocurrencies. In 2017, the cryptocurrency market was considered the path for short-term profits. In early 2018, investors have stated to view the market differently, and speculators or weak hands have left the market.  2018 saw significantly developments in bitcoin, Ethereum, and other major cryptocurrencies along with emerging blockchain technologies. Yet, the price has not represented the magnitude of developments that have happened in the space, most likely because speculators and weak hands were not interested in the technology, but rather in short-term profits.  Short-Term  In the short-term, given the continuous increase in the dominance index of bitcoin, it is highly likely that bitcoin will maintain its dominance over the market in a volatile period like this. Bitcoin’s dominance index is already at 44 percent, and has been increasing since February, as more investors have started to eye bitcoin as a safe investment over other cryptocurrencies.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Australian Cryptocurrency Exchanges are Under Regulation, Starting Today Twitter  Australia’s financial intelligence agency and watchdog has reminded domestic cryptocurrency exchanges of their new regulatory obligations that includes registration, effective today.  In an  announcement  today, the Australian Transactions and Reporting Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC) has told domestic DCE (digital currency exchange) businesses of their mandatory requirement to meet anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing (AML/CTF) obligations that go into effect today, April 3, 2018.  The agency has reminded cryptocurrency exchanges of adhering to obligatory requirements that include:  adopting and maintaining an AML/CTF program to identify, mitigate and manage money laundering and terrorism financing risks identifying and verifying the identities of their customers reporting to AUSTRAC suspicious matters, and transactions involving physical currency of $10,000 or more keeping certain records for seven years.  The authority said a new ‘policy principles’ period will kick in for six months starting today wherein the chief executive of AUSTRAC will have the authority to take action against crypto exchanges if the operator fails to take ‘reasonable steps’ to comply with the requirements.  Existing crypto exchange operators are reminded to enroll on the ‘Digital Currency Exchange Register’, maintained by AUSTRAC, by May 14, 2018. AUSTRAC is establishing ‘transitional registration arrangements’ to enable existing operators to continue their businesses while their applications are being screened.  The authority added, sternly:  There will be criminal offence and civil penalty consequences if you provide digital currency exchange services without being registered.  As  reported  by CCN in August 2017, Australia’s justice minister Michael Keenan announced the government’s move in regulating domestic cryptocurrency exchanges, a first for the nation. Under the country’s reformed (and strengthened) money laundering laws, exchange platforms facilitating the trading of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin will be regulated under the purview of AUSTRAC, the country ’s financial intelligence agency.  AUSTRAC’s authority was enhanced following legislation passed in December 2017, authorizing the authority to  monitor  cryptocurrency exchanges.  Cryptocurrency exchange providers can enroll and register their business  here .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Google Bans All Cryptocurrency Mining Extensions from Chrome Store Twitter  Google has dealt cryptocurrency mining extensions a blow by banning all mining programs from the Chrome Web Store.  These extensions have proved controversial in recent months, with many Chrome extensions harnessing the processing power of unsuspecting internet users to mine cryptocurrency remotely without their knowledge, an activity which slows down user devices.  Archive Poster , a popular Chrome extension supposedly designed for managing Tumblr posts, was discovered to be mining Monero from hundreds of thousands of different devices in secret and without permission, a malicious activity now known as  “cryptojacking ”. An Android app was  caught cryptojacking millions of devices  in January, also mining Monero.  While Google had already banned malicious cryptojacking apps, the recent ban takes things a step further with a blanket ban that removes all extensions designed for mining, even those openly designed for that purpose. Google released a  statement  yesterday outlining the reasons behind the ban, saying  “90% of all extensions with mining scripts that developers have attempted to upload to Chrome Web Store have failed to comply ” with their new mining policies, recently implemented to deter malicious mining extensions. As of yesterday, no new cryptomining extensions are being accepted, and existing extensions will all be delisted by late June. Google clarified that blockchain extensions with non-mining functions were still welcome and under no threat at this time.  Cryptomining extensions were arguably popularised by torrent site  The Pirate Bay , which began harnessing user ’s CPU power last year in an attempt to monetize the site. Since then, bad actors have attempted to capitalize on the trend through malicious apps and extensions that are now making it difficult for legitimate versions to survive.  Casual users weren ’t the only ones to fall prey to covert cryptomining operations recently  – a  Russian nuclear facility  was allegedly compromised by its own staff when one of Russia ’s most powerful supercomputers was discovered to have covert cryptomining software installed and operating. The nuclear supercomputer is supposed to remain offline at all times for security purposes, and the breach was apparently discovered when the scientists allegedly attempted to connect the computer to the Internet,  Tesla  fell prey to a cryptojacking incident recently along with  government websites  throughout the US, UK and Australia  – even  Google ’s own DoubleClick Ad service  was used to illegally distribute mining software to unsuspecting users. While many casual internet users would reportedly be glad to  sacrifice some CPU power i n exchange for ad-free browsing, the ban will force at least 200 million Chrome users to look elsewhere.  The decision comes in quick succession after  Google’s decision to ban ICO advertisements  starting from June, with  Twitter  and  Snapchat  following suit.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum ASIC Miners Set to Hit the Market as Bitmain Begins Taking Preorders Twitter  The first Ethereum ASIC miners are about to hit the market, ushering in a new  — and potentially disruptive  — era for the second-largest cryptocurrency.  Chinese mining hardware manufacturer Bitmain announced on Tuesday that it was accepting preorders for the Antminer E3, which is believed to be the first ASIC miner compatible with the Ethash Proof-of-Work (PoW) consensus algorithm.   We are pleased to announce the Antminer E3, world 's most powerful and efficient EtHash ASIC miner.  Ordering limit of one miner per user and not available in China. Limited stock, order here now:  https://t.co/Zfw3afjJHs #antminerE3   pic.twitter.com/SjHu2eUThp  — BITMAIN (@BITMAINtech)  April 3, 2018   These are the first Ethash miners capable of using Application Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC) chips, which are dramatically more efficient than the general purpose GPU chips currently used to mine Ethereum, Ethereum Classic, and other Ethash-based cryptocurrencies.  But though Ethash was formerly ASIC-resistant, the announcement did not come as a surprise. As CCN  reported , Wall Street research firm Susquehanna revealed in a recent note to clients that it had confirmed Bitmain’s development of the Antminer E3 during a recent trip to Asia. Smaller manufacturers are also reportedly developing Ethash ASICs, though it is not clear when these will see a production release.  Bitmain advertises that the Antminer E3 will generate at least 180 MH/s. Though the miners have not yet reached the market, it is likely that Bitmain has already been using them privately, which  — along with last year ’s price uptrend  — helps explain Ethereum’s dramatic hash rate increase in recent months.  Source: Etherscan  Though some people view ASIC development as a net positive for the industry, others argue that ASICs centralize hashpower into the hands of a few corporations  — specifically Bitmain, whose  dominance  is currently unrivaled.  The Antminer E3’s release will likely intensify calls for Ethereum to execute a hard fork to  restore ASIC resistance , as Monero recently did in  response  to Bitmain’s release of a Cryptonight ASIC miner.  An  Ethereum Improvement Proposal  (EIP) drafted by developer Piper Merriam and published last week asked users to vote on whether they would support a fork to restore ASIC resistance. At the time of writing, the post had 934 upvotes and 37 downvotes  — that ’s 96 percent in favor and just four percent opposed.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Declaring Your Bitcoin Cash: The Tax Implications from Cryptocurrency Hard Forks Twitter  In August of last year, Bitcoin Cash forked from the Bitcoin blockchain. This process basically splits Bitcoin into two separate coins: Bitcoin (“BTC”) and Bitcoin Cash (“BCH”). When this occurred, everyone who held Bitcoin in a compatible wallet or exchange became entitled to claim an equivalent amount of Bitcoin Cash.   At the time of writing this article, a BCH coin would cost you around $700. Anyone who received the coin for free because they held BTC at the time of the fork is celebrating the coin’s success. Many investors may not even know that they are entitled to claim the coin since doing so often requires specific technical expertise. However, BCH can be claimed by any eligible investo r at any time.   The success of Bitcoin Cash has been a windfall to many Bitcoin investors. Now that tax season is upon us; these investors must be sure to properly report their Bitcoin Cash to the IRS. In fact, Bitcoin holders need to understand how to report the receipt of any new currencies they receive as a result of recent and upcoming Bitcoin forks. This is true even for forked coins that  you have not yet redeemed.   A common question: Many people claim that you have to report the Bitcoin Cash as income at the time of receipt. But does that really understand the process by which it is generated and is there a better analogy in the IRS codes?  When the software that supports a coin forks, the resources that supported the coin ecosystem also fork. Since they can no longer solve Bitcoin transaction problems and update ledgers, a new coin comes into existence. To encourage acceptance and recognize the resources that are pulled from the old coin to the new coin, a deposit is made available for anyone holding Bitcoin (or  other coins that fork) of the new coin.   A better analogy is that of a stock spin-off. Resources that formerly supported Bitcoin are now split to support Bitcoin Cash. Very similar to what happens when a company splits off a portion of their assets into a new company. You get stock in the new company in proportion to the stock you held in the old company. Typically the cost basis is allocated between the old and new s tock. When the stock is sold a gain or loss is recognized.   Establishing the cost basis of the new coin can be difficult. Since we know the total cost basis of the new and old coin cannot exceed 100%, we have two choices to make.   Establish a complex formula to determine cost basis that varies with the time of receipt (since not everyone got the coin at the same time) and making it nearly impossible to track the cost basis of the original coin…. Or  Use the conservative approach of leaving 100% of the cost basis with the original coin and using a zero cost basis for the new coin. This method is the preferred one.  With many forks on the horizon for 2018, this can get complicated quickly. If you hold Bitcoin, be sure to consult with a tax professional to make sure you understand how, what, and when you need to disclose information about forked coins to the IRS.   Even if you haven’t claimed a forked coin you’re entitled to; a virtual currency split may be a taxable event in itself. Bitcoin investors can count on Happy Tax for the tax planning and preparation services they need to keep the IRS off their backs. The trained cryptocurrency accountants at Happy Tax can help you understand how forked coins fit into your larger portfolio. Also , they can help you plan your tax liability for upcoming forked coins you have an eye on. By planning ahead, you can avoid a potentially costly misstep in handling your taxable cryptocurrency assets.  This is a guest article written by  Happy Tax ,  a U.S. based tax firm which has a crypto-specific service .   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘S-Coin’: Seoul Mayor Floats Launching Cryptocurrency for South Korea’s Capital City Twitter  One of the world’s largest cities may soon have its own cryptocurrency, at least if Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon succeeds in his bid to launch  “S-Coin. ”  Park, who will seek a third term as mayor in the June elections, told  CoinDesk Korea  that S-Coin  — as the cryptocurrency is tentatively named  — could be used as a payment mechanism in the South Korean capital to fund public welfare programs or compensate private contractors.  “Seoul is one of the cities that are leading the Fourth Industrial Revolution, ” Park said, according to a translation in the  Korea Times .  “So it ’s natural (for the city) to study and invest in new technologies such as blockchain. ”  Though he did not give further specifics on S-Coin, Park said that the initiative is a core component of the city’s new “Blockchain master plan,” which will see the metropolis publish clear regulatory guidelines on cryptocurrency and devote public resources toward cultivating a thriving blockchain development sector.  Assuming Park’s plan comes to fruition, Seoul will be the largest city to adopt its own cryptocurrency. However, it may not be the first.  Dubai is reportedly developing a blockchain-based digital currency called “ emCash ” that will be legal tender for both public and private debts.  Several smaller cities, including Berkeley, CA, have also floated using cryptocurrencies to  tokenize  municipal bonds.  National governments have also begun to eye cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology as potential solutions for digitizing their fiat currencies.  Venezuela famously began distributing its NEM-based “ Petro ” cryptocurrency through an initial coin offering (ICO) in January. Though some analysts still doubt whether the Petro actually exists, the country has marketed the token as a tool to evade US economic sanctions, and other countries  — including Russia, Turkey, and Iran  — have discussed adopting state-backed cryptocurrencies for similar reasons.  More recently  — and for less illicit purposes  –the Marshall Islands has passed legislation that will see the island nation  launch its own cryptocurrency  to phase out its reliance on the US dollar.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Illegal Bitcoin Mining Operation Tapping Cheap Power Busted in South Korea Twitter  South Korean police have arrested over a dozen individuals involved in an illegal bitcoin mining operation that used cheap electricity afforded to industrial complexes.  The metropolitan police agency of Gwangju, a city in country’s south, has revealed details of alleged illegal mining activities undertaken by 14 individuals from 14 companies in four separate industrial complexes in the city.  Six companies were located in Hanam Industrial complex, three in Nano Industrial Complex, three more in Pyeongdong Industrial Complex and one in Jeongok  Industrial Complex.  As reported by Korean news agency  Yonhap , companies operating within the industrial complexes gain benefits in subsidized rental and electricity costs. Power tariffs, in particular, are 10% cheaper for companies in industrial complexes, as opposed to companies located elsewhere.  The report claims that police have accused the fourteen companies of illegally mining cryptocurrencies like bitcoin since May 2017. Each company reportedly installed between 100-350 bitcoin miners within their premises of their industrial complexes, which the metropolitan police say is in violation of factory rules.  The incident isn’t the first time where cryptocurrency miners have seen accusations of illegally benefiting from cheaper power tariffs in South Korea, a country that is firmly among the world’s largest crypto trading markets.  A Seoul-based shopping mall took a notable measure of  banning  its own merchants from mining cryptocurrencies in their stores last year. Citing complaints about power consumption and room temperatures as well as concerns of a fire hazard, Yongsan Electronics Market moved to outlaw the activity among its vendors who used their own GPUs to mine cryptocurrency.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Surges 6% to $7,350 as Cryptocurrency Market Gains $10 Billion Twitter  After recording a rebound from $6,500 to $7,000 on April 2, the price of bitcoin has surged 6 percent again today, on April 4, as the entire cryptocurrency market recorded a daily gain of $10 billion.  While several smaller cryptocurrencies like Steem and VeChain have outperformed bitcoin with a 50% and 25% increase in value, major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, and EOS have performed generally well over the past few days.  Bitcoin’s Run  Since March 30, for about 4 days, bitcoin has not been able to surpass the $7,350 mark, due to low volumes and lack of demand on most major cryptocurrencies. Over the past 12 hours, buy volumes have spiked on Bitfinex, Binance, and other trading platforms, as seen below in the bitcoin 30-minute candle chart.   On March 25, the price of bitcoin achieved $9,000, with relatively strong volumes on both the bitcoin futures market and cryptocurrency exchanges. However, since then, bitcoin has been on a continuous decline. Bitcoin tested several levels, including $8,800 and $8,000, but failed to sustain momentum and dropped to $6,400.  Over the next few days, if bitcoin can sustain its volume and surpass the $7,500 margin, it is likely that bitcoin could make a move back to the $8,000 region, moving to where it was five days ago. Its entrance to the $8,000 region could lead bitcoin to prepare for a strong rally.  Currently, the the Relative Strength Index (RSI) of bitcoin is at 39.2, which is at a neutral level. Previously, the RSI of bitcoin was at 30, signifying oversold conditions. At the time of reporting, bitcoin is being traded in a neutral zone, and the cryptocurrency has not demonstrated overwhelming demand or sell volumes.  Consequently, the next few days could be an important short-term period for bitcoin, as it has increased by more than $700 over the past 48 hours, and it is starting to gain some momentum, according to bitcoin’s moving average convergence divergence (MACD).  Jon Matonis, a well recognized investor, co-founder at Bitcoin Foundation, and an executive at VISA, stated that in the mid-term, the entrance of financial institutions like Goldman Sachs could lead to a surge in demand towards bitcoin. If the dominant cryptocurrency can recover from its current bear cycle, analysts like Matonis predict a bull run for bitcoin later this year.  “I think it’s fabulous that they’re getting into it because it brings in new liquidity. They’re going to develop futures markets, options markets, I even think you’re going to start to see interest rate markets around bitcoin. We’re used to hearing things about Libor, the index for bitcoin interest rates is Bibor,”  said Matonis.  ICOs  Earlier today, Nathaniel Poppers from the New York Times reported that the founders of an ICO called Centra were arrested for distributing securities without the authorization from the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). If the SEC continues to crackdown on ICOs, it could lead to a decline in activity within the global ICO ecosystem, and ultimately the value of Ethereum as well.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Mysterious Developer bitPico Claims Responsibility for Lightning Network DoS Attack Twitter  Mysterious Bitcoin developer bitPico has confirmed rumors that they have launched an attack against the Lightning Network’s nascent mainnet implementation.  The pseudonymous individual or group made the announcement on the bitPico Twitter account, describing the attack as a “stress tool” for the LN software  — which  just entered beta   — and claiming that it had discovered 22 attack vectors.   The  #bitcoin   #LightningNetwork  DoS attack/test rumors are true. We did create a network stress tool for LN. The network is operating out of 8 countries running 22 attack vectors in-parallel from ~384 endpoints. Don’t trust; Verify. 💰🐳🤓🤓  pic.twitter.com/hfSHVtQo02  — ɃitPico (@bitPico)  April 3, 2018   Developers had been monitoring the attack  — a Denial-of-Service (DoS) exploit  — for nearly two weeks, which saw the previously-unidentified individuals probe the security of network nodes by flooding them with requests to open payment channels.  The attack does not appear to have a financial incentive, supporting bitPico ’s claim that it was altruistic in nature. User funds remain safe, and the method in which the attack has been carried out forces the attackers to spend their own funds spamming the network with payment channels.  Little is known about bitPico. However, the individual group raised eyebrows last year when it claimed that it would attempt to  execute the controversial SegWit2x hard fork  even after its main proponents issued a joint statement withdrawing support for the fork due to a lack of community consensus.  The threat was not carried out, and no block was ever mined on the SegWit2x network. BitPico’s social media accounts then went dark for several months, before reappearing in March with a declaration that the group had begun working on the Lightning network.  However, it’s unclear to what extent bitPico is responsible for the attacks and to what extent they are being carried out by other actors.  Though frustrating for current users, the upshot is that these attacks are shedding light on potential flaws in current LN software implementations, enabling developers to invent solutions now, when the LN is used primarily by tech-savvy users and there is little money at stake. Such bugs and security holes will need to be fixed before the LN is ready for mass usage by non-deve lopers.  “Node hardening is in progress!” LN developer Alex Bosworth  tweeted  on March 25. “We’re getting a good opportunity to develop robust p2p [peer-to-peer] deployment strategies.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Is Nasdaq ’s Latest Slip Good for Cryptocurrencies? Twitter  The Nasdaq continued the fall from its  all-time high  on March 12, 2018. The Nasdaq is down nearly 10% since the high on a variety of news. The Nasdaq, which tracks tech stocks has suffered under the weight of massive losses in market capitalization by the likes of Facebook, Amazon, and Twitter. The causes, which we ’ll analyze below, are two-fold. In typical American fashion, they both revolve around Donald Trump.  The first Trump revolving drag on the Nasdaq has been the never-ending controversy over  Facebook . Facebook continues to suffer the fall out of the  Cambridge Analytica Scandal . Here ’s how the story goes:  Aleksandr Kogan ,  a data scientist, develops a Facebook survey app called  MyDigitalLife . MyDigitalLife amasses 300,000 users and has access to the data of more than 50 million of those users friends. Cambridge Analytica  employed  Aleksandr Kogan  and used this data to create personality models on these 30 million Americans The company was then able to use organic Facebook action: likes, shares, and comments to target  “persuadable ” voters, leading to the election of  Donald J. Trump Christopher Wylie   blows the whistle  on Facebook, fallout ensues.  In the days since Wylie ’s stunning accusations, both Cambridge Analytica and Facebook have both vehemently  denied  these accusations. Nonetheless the damage has been done:  Wylie  and  Zuckerberg  are testifying in front of Congress, and Zuckerberg  has been asked (and refused) to appear before Parliament; Cambridge Analytica is  being investigated  by Nigeria for the role it played in their elections, and Palantir has  launched an internal investigation   into its own employees connections to Cambridge Analytica ( a sensitive matter  in front of a potential IPO).  All this chaos has certainly done damage to Facebooks stock. Since the scandal broke, it has dropped more than 15%. The fallout of the scandal has spread beyond Facebook and is being echoed across the social media sector with Twitter following Facebook:  the stock is down by 22%  (despite not leaking any data). The scandal has, of course, raised broader questions over the sustainability of the business models of the many tech  & media giants that appear on the Fortune 500 list and shows no signs of stopping.  Further dragging on the Nasdaq is retail giant  Amazon . Amazon is the latest in a string of companies( 62 , to be exact) that Trump has attacked on  Twitter . Trump has threatened to raise shipping costs to hurt Amazon, and is even rumored to be exploring  anti-trust action  against Amazon. Some speculate the real source of the president ’s ire is Amazon CEO  Jeff Bezo ’ s ownership of the  Washington Post . Sources have said of the Washington Post that “Trump doesn’t like  The New York Times,  but he reveres it because it’s his hometown paper.  The Washington Post,  he has zero respect for ”. Essentially, Trump is waging a personal war against Bezos. Whether they  like  him or  hate  him, the stock market  reveres Donald Trump . This reverence is evinced by Amazon ’s  8% fall   over the last month.  The Nasdaq ’s slump is expected to continue over the coming weeks and the market as a whole looks like it will remain flat. So what does this mean for crypto? I set out to answer the question of how the stock market affects crypto markets in my previous post  “ How Today’s Stock Markets Crash Will Affect Cryptocurrency Markets ” and re-analyzed my conclusion in  another article  later this month. The conclusion I arrived at, by comparing the  VIX  and Bitcoin and concluding that as the market performs better, so will Bitcoin. So what ’s going on here? How can the  entire crypto market  be up when some of the biggest stocks are down double digits? Fundamentals.  My previous  article  was based on a technical analysis of the market. It turns out, this uptick might have something to do with the applications of blockchain rather than the markets themselves. Late last month, CCN contributor  Gerelyn Terzo  wrote an  article  examining how blockchain might fix the problems that plague centralized data systems like Facebook and allow users to reclaim their data. These same sentiments were echoed by the  New York Times ,  CNBC ,  CNN  and virtually every other mainstream media company. This in addition to broad market sentiment that all crypto is undervalued at current levels,  a further legitimization  of crypto and even a lawsuits against  Google ,  Facebook , and  Twitter  for banning cryptocurrency advertising have combined to create the market conditions for a  rally . We might even be starting to see the shift of crypto from a risky asset, to a hedge against centralized tech stocks that I  described  when the Dow Jones made a significant downturn last month. Only time will tell, but it ’d appear the whole market is feeling pretty good about crypto at the moment.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Hedge Funds Lose Their Luster in the Bear Market Twitter  The prolonged cryptocurrency market downturn is beginning to manifest in the once white-hot cryptocurrency hedge fund industry.  It seems like only yesterday that these funds  — targeted at accredited and institutional investors and devoted exclusively to cryptoassets  — were the taking the investment world by storm.  Mesmerized by stories of  25,000 percent single year-returns , traders quit well-paying jobs in finance en masse to seek their fortune in cryptoassets. More than 165 cryptocurrency hedge funds opened in 2017 alone, up from 19 the year prior.  Source: Bloomberg  However, new cryptocurrency hedge fund launches have slowed to a crawl in 2018. According to  Bloomberg , just 20 funds launched during the first quarter, while nine others have closed amid the downturn  — which has seen these funds decline by an average of 23 percent so far this year.  The climate is not just affecting smaller funds. Well-known funds report difficulty attracting new investors, as well as convincing current ones to enlarge their positions.  “New capital has slowed, even for a higher-profile fund like ours,” Kyle Samani, co-founder of Austin, Texas-based Multicoin Capital, told the publication.  Cryptocurrency hedge funds made astronomical returns across the board last year, perhaps making it difficult for investors to evaluate funds. Prospective investors are likely approaching these funds with much more skepticism.  Cryptocurrency Hedge Fund Index | Source: Eurekahedge  Hedge funds also generally charge large management fees. Investors may be willing to overlook these fees in a booming market, but few find paying a three percent management fee palatable when the fund itself is down more than 20 percent for the year.  However, there ’s at least one other factor at play. The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  — along with securities regulators in other countries  — have begun  targeted investigations  into initial coin offerings (ICOs), one of the primary types of assets these funds hold.  The SEC ’s ICO probe recently expanded to  include cryptocurrency hedge funds  as well, perhaps making fund managers hesitant to launch funds until the regulators provide more clarity.  Nevertheless, while fickle investors and fund managers are mulling heading for the exit, some bulls are doubling down in preparation for the next rally. Morgan Creek Capital Management, for instance, is reportedly seeking to  raise $500 million  for what would likely be the industry ’s largest cryptocurrency hedge fund.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Overstock Cancels Secondary Stock Offering after Share Price Plummets Twitter  E-commerce retailer and blockchain investment firm Overstock has shelved plans to hold a secondary stock offering after the company’s share price plunged in response to the announcement.  The  Wall Street Journal  reports that although Overstock was “pleased” with the interest in the offering, market conditions forced the company to terminate the sale.  “Given the market volatility and price we are terminating the offering,” Overstock President Saum Noursalehi told the publication in a statement, adding that the firm had conceived of the offering as an “opportunistic financing.”  Though best known as an e-retailer, Overstock has been investing in blockchain and cryptocurrency startups for several years through  Medici Ventures , its wholly-owned subsidiary. Medici has roughly a dozen portfolio companies, including  Factom ,  Ripio , and tZero  — which is in the middle of an  initial coin offering  (ICO) that Overstock expects will raise $250 million.  Due to its involvement in the blockchain space, Overstock has been characterized by some analysts as a “proxy stock” for cryptocurrencies. Its share price, unsurprisingly, has behaved accordingly, rising and falling along with the cryptocurrency market writ-large.  Source: Google Finance  In early January, Overstock shares peaked at an all-time high of $86.90. Since then, it has plummeted by 62 percent to a present value of $32.57.  This decline has largely tracked with the decline seen across the cryptocurrency markets. Bitcoin, for example, is down approximately 60 percent from its high-water mark.  However, there were two triggers that were Overstock-specific.  First, Overstock revealed that the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is  investigating tZero’s ICO  as part of its broad inquiry into the nascent fundraising model. CEO Patrick Byrne has stated that the firm was not issued a subpoena – as many ICO operators were – but has been submitting documents voluntarily. He has also maintained that tZero’s offering complies with federal securities laws.  The second trigger was the secondary stock offering, through which Overstock had planned to issue four million new shares. The company’s share price fell by 10 percent on the news since the offering would have diluted the value of the currently-existent 29 million shares.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Billions of Yen: Major Japanese Brokerage Could Rescue Crypto Exchange Coincheck Twitter  Japanese online brokerage firm Monex is reportedly considering a buyout of Tokyo-based Coincheck, the cryptocurrency exchange at the center of the recent $530 million NEM theft.  Japanese financial publication  Nikkei  is reporting an offer from online brokerage Monex Group to buy a majority stake in cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck. The offer comes ten weeks after the platform suffered an infamous hack that is now seen as the biggest cryptocurrency exchange theft of all time.  Citing sources, Nikkei says Monex is in the process of submitting an offer worth “several billion yen” – a billion yen is approximately 10 million USD  – while suggesting that Coincheck is struggling to comply with regulatory requirements and its own recovery effort following January’s theft. The exchange, which has  faced lawsuits  from disgruntled investors, has been hit by two  business improvement orders  from the Financial Services Agency (FSA), the country’s financial regulator.  ‘The deal with Monex suggests Coincheck deemed it difficult to comply with the regulatory requirements and rebuild its operations without external support’, the report said.  The publication’s claim comes despite the exchange keeping its promise of  distributing reparations  to users impacted by the NEM theft in mid-March.  Monex shares spiked over 23 percent following the report, the maximum allowed by rules mandated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange to push the company’s overall market cap to 114.3 billion yen ($1.08 billion).  Source: Bloomberg.  An excerpt from the report added:  The acquisition could put Monex on a fast track to getting a cryptocurrency exchange license by allowing it to build on Coincheck ’s client base and information systems  The report adds that both Monex and Coincheck are now seeking the FSA’s approval for the acquisition. If successful, Monex is reportedly bringing in its own management team while current Coincheck executives are expected to step down.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Canada ’s TD Bank Wants US Patent for Blockchain Point-of-Sale System Twitter  The Canadian parent conglomeration of the  9th largest bank  in the United States,  Toronto-Dominion Bank , has had a blockchain patent submitted to the US patent office since September of 2016. The  patent  covers a “virtual draft system and method” and includes the words “block chain” in such combination exactly 10 times.  The patent application, like most patent applications, uses the broadest possible language when describing blockchain technology, such that it’s not immediately evident what we’re reading about when they say something like:  [ …] a signal representing a request comprising a first transfer from a first digital container associated with a first client to a second digital container associated with a second client; compare a value of the first transfer to a total value in one or more accounts associated with the first client, wherein at least one of the one or more accounts associated with the first clie nt has a value in a first currency; and generate a first draft from a first account to an account associated with the second client, wherein the first draft comprises a value in a second currency equivalent to the value of the first transfer.  US Patent 20180089645  The patent falls under several international classifications pertaining to payments and remittance, and even things like  missed tolls .  US Patent 20180089645 is essentially talking about one part of a new point-of-sale system TD Bank either has in the works or would like to own some intellectual property surrounding. It describes a modern computer (must have processor and storage attached to qualify) which can negotiate payments between currencies.  Also read:  Canadian Bank to Offer Secure Vault for Cryptocurrencies  Virtual Draft System and Method  From the sounds, the user will have a form of payment which grants access to multiple accounts, and one of these accounts must have funds in the currency being dealt in. Another provision of the system described is that it will sometimes support  — yep  — blockchain tokens, such as Ether or Bitcoin.  This disclosure provides systems and methods for real-time drafting for transactions including a transfer of a digital asset tracked as a distributed electronic ledger, such as a block-chain ledger. A first party initiates a transaction including a transfer of a digital asset, such as a distributed ledger-based currency. The transaction is provided to a central authority for au thorization and/or real-time drafting.  Such payment forms exist today, wherein essentially all of one’s accounts can be accessed, but they are very nascent. If there’s any group which will take more interest in this development than cryptocurrency enthusiasts, it will be Paypal and similar efforts as well as other banks who may have either competing products or existing intellectual property.  Can You Patent the Blockchain?  The patent appears to carefully avoid patenting an entire blockchain network by extolling a number of “embodiments” or manners in which this system can manifest itself. Patent trolling is a storied practice in the earliest days of the 21st century, in which property rights have found all new boundaries. Someone else can own data that appears on your device, and your personal in formation can belong to a corporation based on another continent.  However, for those who fear intellectual property  and its associated frictions  with open source are on their way to the blockchain, and who’ve  raised  the alarms  for years  since the rise of Coinbase, well, their fears are not entirely unjustified. Erich Spangenberg, who’s spent his career gobbling up patents and queuing up litigation surrounding them, has started a firm specifically with the intention of consolidating blockchain IP. In  this blog  on the subject, he admits:  While tempted to just trade, at some point in 2016, it occurred to me that blockchain could have a massively beneficial impact on the patent industry and patent asset class. I had some positively stupid initial ideas, but by 2017, the crazy ideas started to slow down and the better ones took over. I began assembling the team of programmers, data scientists, communications speci alists and patent wonks we would need to implement and create a new business model that intelligently captures the power of blockchain in the patent space.  Although many computer scientists  may disagree with software patents  or the patent system as a whole, Spangenberg is certainly correct that the patent office is already dealing with crypto cases. Why, just last week Ford was issued a patent for  some kind of fuel token . And then, of course, self-proclaimed Craig “Satoshi Nakamoto” Wright has  also lined up a fair bit of business for the courts .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Knockout: SEC Charges Floyd Mayweather-backed ICO with Fraud Twitter  The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filed charges against the Centra Tech initial coin offering (ICO) on Monday, alleging that the token sale  — which was promoted by legendary boxer Floyd Mayweather  — was a fraudulent securities offering.  SEC Halts ICO, Charges Founders with Fraud  The SEC  complaint  alleges both that the Centra ICO was an unregistered securities offering and that its co-founders “engaged in fraudulent conduct and made material misstatements and omissions designed to deceive investors.”  The Miami-based company  — founded by Sohrab “Sam” Sharma and Robert Farkas  — raised $32 million through an ICO last year.  According to the SEC, Centra lied about having relationships with large financial institutions  — including Visa, Mastercard, and Bancorp  — firms which sent Centra numerous cease-and-desist letters.  Additionally several of the executives depicted in Centra’s promotional materials were fictional.  “We allege that Centra sold investors on the promise of new digital technologies by using a sophisticated marketing campaign to spin a web of lies about their supposed partnerships with legitimate businesses,” said Stephanie Avakian, Co-Director of the SEC ’s Division of Enforcement. “As the complaint alleges, these and other claims were simply false. ”  The SEC initially subpoenaed Centra in February, likely as part of its  broad probe  into ICOs.  The complaint said that both Sharma and Farkas were arrested on April 1, after the company’s bank accounts had been cleaned out; Farkas, incidentally, was attempting to board a flight leaving the country.  Centra ICO Relied on Celebrity Endorsements  The Centra ICO is perhaps best known for its use of celebrity endorsements to promote its product. Legendary boxing champion Floyd Mayweather  — who has made  paid endorsements  for several ICOs  — promoted the token sale on social media, garnering more than 1,500 retweets and 5,600 likes.  Source: Twitter/Floyd Mayweather  In addition to Mayweather, the Centra hired DJ Khaled to promote the ICO, though neither celebrity was named in the indictment.  “As we allege, the defendants relied heavily on celebrity endorsements and social media to market their scheme,” said Steve Peikin, Co-Director of the SEC ’s Division of Enforcement. “Endorsements and glossy marketing materials are no substitute for the SEC’s registration and disclosure requirements as well as diligence by investors.”  Notably, the SEC has warned that these celebrity ICO endorsements  may be illegal  if the parties do not make necessary public disclosures. Mayweather’s tweet advertising the token sale, for instance, does not indicate that it is a paid ad.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Swiss Researchers Forecast a Steep Fall for Bitcoin Price in 2018 Twitter  If Metcalfe ’s law applies, the bitcoin price has much further to fall. A group of Zurich-based researchers developed a bubble/crash report, predicting that bitcoin ’s market value,  which currently hovers  at about USD 124 billion, will be slashed by approximately 37% to no greater than USD 77 billion by year-end 2018. It ’s all based on a theory known as Metcalfe ’s law.  The findings may appear to chart the course for a bitcoin price that ’s been under pressure year-to-date amid regulatory pushback from major bitcoin markets around the world. But by the same token, the bitcoin fog may be nothing that greater regulatory clarity could clear up. After all, the markets don ’t like uncertainty.  So what is Metcalfe ’s law, you may be wondering? It ’s a theory introduced by Ethernet founder Bob Metcalfe from the 1980s stating  “the value of a network is proportional to the square of the number of nodes, ” also known as the  “network effect. ” While stocks rely on fundamentals such as P/E ratios, the Swiss researchers believe that  “if Metcalfe ’s law holds here, ” valuing bitcoin could be easy.  ETH Zurich ’s Findings  The researchers were led by Spencer Wheatley, a professor of entrepreneurial risk at ETH Zurich. They concluded the number of bitcoin users doesn ’t support a rise in bitcoin ’s value.  “Our Metcalfe-based analysis indicates current support levels for the bitcoin market in the range of 22–44 billion USD, at least four times less than the current level,”  the researchers said .  If they ’re right, bitcoin ’s market value will not continue to climb higher as it did in 2017. Worse, the researchers say that considering the  “close correlation ” between the BTC price and that of altcoins,  “the short-term movements of other cryptocurrencies are likely to be affected by corrections in bitcoin (and vice-versa), regardless of their own relative valuations. ”  Doom and Gloom?  Bitcoin could be in for  “many months of volatile sideways bitcoin prices ahead, ” according to the March report, which also  “identifies a substantial but not unprecedented overvaluation in the price of bitcoin. ”  It ’s not unprecedented because their research also documents four such  “bubbles in market cap, ” all of which eventually burst. Three out of the four previous bubbles burst in response to fundamental issues, such as the collapse of Japan ’s Mt. Gox exchange on the heels of a catastrophic security breach. But the most recent bursting of the bubble, researchers say, was bitcoin  “collapsing under its own weight ” after the price neared the $20,000 mark.  Source: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1803.05663.pdf  In addition to Mt. Gox, the report points to several other key events that led to the bursting of the bitcoin bubble, including the following  –  The bitcoin-fueled Savings  & Trust Ponzi scheme China ’s central bank banning financial institutions from transacting in bitcoin Reports that South Korea would ban bitcoin exchange at year-end 2017  Their research also incorporates the e Log-Periodic Power Law Singularity (LPPLS) model, which is designed to  “warn of market instabilities ” and predict market crashes.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   JPMorgan ’s Blockchain Lead Quits to Kickstart Her Own Startup Twitter  Amber Baldet, a key executive of JPMorgan ’s blockchain business, is stepping down for greener pastures. Baldet was the architect of JPMorgan ’s blockchain strategy, having sat at the helm of the bank ’s Blockchain Center of Excellence. She is reportedly leaving to launch her own firm on the heels of reports suggesting that JPMorgan may be spinning off its enterprise  blockchain project  dubbed Quorum, which Baldet was basically the face of.  The latest executive shakeup suggests there could be more defections to come at the bank, whose CEO Jamie Dimon infamously rebuffed bitcoin last year (but later backpedaled.)  JPMorgan didn ’t waste any time in naming Baldet ’s successor. According to an internal JPMorgan memo obtained by Reuters, she will be replaced by fellow Blockchain Center of Excellence official and senior product manager Christine Moy, who incidentally was hired by Baldet,  according to Fortune .  The memo said Baldet was leaving for an  “entrepreneurial opportunity ” but didn ’t say whether it was blockchain related. It was penned by Umar Farooq, who  earlier this year  boasted about the inroads JPMorgan ’s blockchain business was making.  Baldet ’s departure appears to be on good terms, with JPMorgan spokesperson telling Reuters:  “We respect her desire to start her own venture and we wish her nothing but the best.”  Quorum Spinoff More Likely Than Ever  CCN  previously reported  that JPMorgan was considering the spinoff of Quorum, saying then it was unclear what the impact of such a move would have on staff. It also presciently suggested Baldet ’s future was uncertain. The latest executive departure suggests that the bank is headed in the direction of separating Quorum from the bank.  JPMorgan considers Quorum the  “enterprise-focused version of Ethereum. ” It ’s for the clearing and settling of interbank payments, something financial institutions are increasingly looking to the blockchain for.  Unlike the public ledger that fuels bitcoin, Quorum is a private ledger that bolsters transaction times and whose validation is dependent on participants in the contract, not volunteers. It ’s been in development for the past couple of years, and spinning it off would create more possibilities for the technology, even beyond banking.  Quorum competes with the likes of R3 ’s Corda, whose bank-fueled consortium JPMorgan was part of until recently. R3 ’s CTO Richard Brown said in a  December blog post  that since JPMorgan ’s Quorum is basically a fork of Ethereum, it inherited both the advantages and disadvantages of the second biggest blockchain network. He says of Quorum ’s  “confidential contract ”  –  “As soon as you need to prove provenance of  one  piece of data in a confidential contract to somebody else, you have to show them  everything  in that contract. Game over. ”  Featured image from YouTube/ Symphony Software Foundation .  
INCREASE	   This Bitcoin Mining Program Bids to Abolish Caste Discrimination in India Twitter  A non-profit organization in  India  has announced a new  cryptocurrency-mining  program aimed at the rural youth. More specifically, the initiative is aiming to empower the country’s most impoverished, a demographic that mostly consists of a particular caste known as ‘Dalits’. Individuals belonging the Dalit community are often subjected to extreme discrimination from the moment they are born, leaving them with no choice but to lead a life of poverty.  The Dalit Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( DICCI ) is spearheading the program with the help of a cryptocurrency-related platform,  Mahabfic , and social entrepreneur, Dr. Tausif Malik. According to DICCI and Mahabfic, the collaboration will result in the  ‘w orld’s first and largest Bitcoin Mining Training Program (BMTP) for self-employment. ’  DICCI founder, Shri Milind Kamble, stated that the main objective of the program is to  “empower the rural population especially the youth from the farming community to earn income from their hometown or villages, this would create new economic development in these areas. ’  Cryptocurrencies have been a saving grace for several such communities, including some African countries where the trend of crypto mining and entrepreneurship is emerging rapidly. Increased adoption rates in these regions have also driven up the viability of such occupations.  Kamble added,  “The new blockchain technology is the future of technology development and taking the world by storm and bitcoin-cryptocurrency mining is a must for blockchain platform to operate. Hence, we felt the need to offer bitcoin-cryptocurrency mining training program (BMTP) to our youth on a nationwide scale for self-employment.”  While the problem of caste disparity is on the decline, especially in the more affluent regions of India, there is no doubt that a sizeable segment of the population continues to be affected by the practice. A Dalit farmer in the state of Gujarat, for instance, was reportedly  beaten to death  by extremists as recently as last week. The local police not only confirmed that the attack was caste-motivated, but also said that it was in retaliation to the individual owning livestock, a symbol of prestige for the farming folk.  The issue of untouchability is a major problem for India, a country that has boldly announced its plans to be a superpower within the next few decades. Several Bollywood films have also touched on the topic in some way or another in a bid to encourage social reform among the masses. For a country with a population of well over one billion though, changing public perception abou t the Dalit class and giving them equal opportunities might as well partially happen through the cryptocurrency asset class.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Top Business Schools Add Bitcoin Classes, Expand Cryptocurrency MBA Course Offerings Twitter  Top-ranked business schools have hopped on the bitcoin bandwagon by expanding their course offerings on cryptocurrencies and blockchain.  The move to offer more crypto-related MBA classes was fueled by growing demand from students, as well as from corporate recruiters, especially those in venture capital.  Kevin Werbach, a professor at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, will teach a class in the fall of 2018 called  “Blockchain, Cryptocurrency, and Distributed Ledger Technology. ”  “We ’re at the point where there ’s a critical mass to teach this domain, ” Werbach told  CNBC .  “There will be a real phenomenon in business for the foreseeable future. And five years down the road, there won ’t be too many major business schools that don ’t offer similar classes. ”  Top MBA programs have expanded their offerings of cryptocurrency classes. (Image: Pixabay)  Stanford Business School is offering a class called  “Cryptocurrency ” in May 2018. Itamar Orr, a second-year MBA student at Stanford, applauded the expanded course offerings, saying it will help students once they go out into the workforce.  “Many of us will have to discuss blockchain at our jobs. It makes sense to teach it, ” Orr said.  “It gets you a competitive advantage; it ’s an extra hammer in your toolbox. ”  Venture-capital investment in blockchain startups ballooned to $911 million in 2017, up 88% from 2016, according to  Pitchbook . Many recruiters from VC firms are actively seeking candidates who are knowledgeable about crypto technology and trends.  Bitcoin Price Escalations Fueled Interest  Susan Athey, a professor at Stanford Business School who ’s on the board of Ripple, said the skyrocketing interest in cryptocurrency classes was largely fueled by bitcoin ’s soaring prices in 2017.   “The fluctuations in the prices have everyone mesmerized: Just how did this happen? Many people have gone boom or bust. A that ’s, of course, exciting, attracts a lot of interest, and motivates people to understand what ’s going on. ”   John Jacobs, a former Nasdaq executive who ’s now the executive director of Georgetown Business School, said recruiters from Wall Street want job applicants who are well-versed in crypto. He said he  “constantly ” gets calls from recruiters asking,  “We need people to understand how to apply blockchain technology. ”  Even though bitcoin bears like billionaire Mark Cuban think  cryptocurrencies are useless , Jacobs said top MBA programs should prepare students for the growing demand in the market.  “Any world-class program is going to have to equip students in this field to compete, ” Jacobs told CNBC.  “It ’s everywhere we turn around. ”   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Entrepreneur to Frantic Investors: Chill Out, Bitcoin Is Here to Stay Twitter  Bitcoin holders who are panicking about its wild recent price swings should wake up and smell the blockchain. Crypto is here to stay, says Hong Kong-based cryptocurrency entrepreneur Dave Chapman.  Chapman said bitcoin ’s erratic price jumps and the angst surrounding  escalating regulatory scrutiny  is just par for the course whenever something new comes to market. We ’ve been here before, he said. Like when the Internet first became a thing. Or when Facebook and Twitter first launched.  “Everyone says crypto is so bad, but there’s no difference between this and any other time when people have gone into something (new),” Chapman told the  South China Morning Post . “Is it new? Yes. Does it need to mature? Yes. Will it be regulated? Yes.”   Dave, who previously worked at Credit Suisse, Bear Stearns, and HSBC between 2007 and 2012, got turned off by traditional finance when the global financial crisis erupted in 2008 and the aftershocks continued well into 2012. “It broke my confidence a little bit to see how it operates, ” he recalled.  In 2013, Chapman co-founded ANX, a blockchain solutions provider, and ANX Pro, a cryptocurrency exchange. He recently launched a crypto trading firm called Octagon Strategy. Octagon currently trades seven digital currencies, but Chapman hopes to expand those offerings to 40 or 50 by the end of 2018.  The Australian businessman, who describes himself as a  “corporate refugee, ” is a firm believer in the future of virtual currencies and in blockchain, the technology that undergirds bitcoin.  ‘No One Can Stop ’ Crypto  While tech  billionaires like Mark Cuban  are bitcoin bears, Dave Chapman loves that the crypto ecosystem is decentralized.  “One of the really fascinating things that kept me coming back to bitcoin when I first saw it is that there was no central authority, ” he said.  “That means no one can stop it. A bank can’t stop it. A dictator can’t stop it. Parents can’t stop it.”  When he first got into cryptocurrencies, Chapman said former investment-banking colleagues thought he was crazy. “It surprised a lot of people: leaving a respected career to go and play with ‘magical internet money,' ” he recounted.  “That’s how a lot of people viewed it. ”  Now, Chapman says, bankers either dismiss cryptos altogether or are riddled with FOMO (fear of missing out).  Chapman: Stop Obsessing Over Daily Prices  As CCN previously reported, Chapman has set a  $100,000 price target  for bitcoin for the end of 2018.  Even though bitcoin bears laugh at his bullish projections, Chapman said they also dismissed him when he predicted BTC would hit at least $10,000 by the end of 2017. Bitcoin climbed to more than $13,000 on December 31, 2017.  “I was quoted back in August (2017), when bitcoin was trading at around $4,000 that we would have a five-figure headline by the end of this year,” he said in December. “I think a lot of people thought I was crazy, a lot of people scoffed at me, but that’s OK.”  (WorldCoinIndex)     While most bitcoin investors obsess over its daily price fluctuations, Chapman says BTC prices are the least interesting thing to him about the market.  “The price to me is probably the most uninteresting component about bitcoin, ” he said.  “I’m more excited in the applications and more excited about what this means for people who don’t have access to financial inclusion. If we focus on the price, we’re losing track of the big picture.”  As it is, Fundstrat co-founder Tom Lee believes  bitcoin prices will rise  after April 17, when Tax Day in the United States passes. Lee attributed the recent drop in BTC prices to investors trying to sell off their cryptocurrency holdings to avoid paying capital-gains taxes.  Lee predicts selling pressure on bitcoin will ease after Tax Day.   
INCREASE	   Free Publicity: Venezuela Thanks Trump’s Petro Ban for Doubling Investors Twitter  The executive secretary of Venezuela’s Blockchain Observatory, Daniel Peña, recently did an interview for the country’s  Cuatro F  newspaper, in which he claims Donald Trump’s Petro (PTR) ban was free publicity for the oil-backed cryptocurrency. So much so, it allegedly helped double the number of interested investors.  As covered by CCN, US President Donald  Trump issued an executive order  banning US citizens from buying, trading, or dealing in cryptocurrencies related to the Venezuelan government – the Petro, and potentially the Petro Gold.  In his interview, Peña revealed he sees cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology as “important steps in humanity’s revolution.” He claimed he knows Venezuela is going in the right direction with the Petro, as Donald Trump took the time to issue an executive order on it. When asked how Trump’s words affected the oil-backed cryptocurrency, he stated (roughly translated):  “I answer you like Earle Herrera [a Venezuelan journalist] when he said that I do not know anything about cryptocurrency, nor do I have clarity about the evolution of the digital currency; But if US President Donald Trump gives it time, imagine that. A person so busy giving it his time, that means we ’re on the right path.”  Peña further claimed the country’s government had been preparing for a “US” attack on the Petro. Trump’s move, he said, didn’t affect the Petro, but instead served as a “boomerang for the US government,” as it “aroused more interest in acquiring the Petro in the world.”  He touted that he’s been seeing rising interest in Africa, and that Trump’s executive order was free publicity. As such, he claimed there’s an ever-growing amount of investors looking to buy Petros – even in the US.  The executive secretary noted that before Trump’s words the Petro had “more or less 400 clients” per day, and that after the president’s words the number jumped to 800. Petro’s sale, he said, will last until every single token has been bought.  The interviewer then asked Peña when could Venezuela expect to see its economy improve. He replied:  “Petro’s impact will be felt within three to six months. We have already advanced fast. As the gringos know that we are going to quickly reorganize our economy, they attack the Bolivarian Government; but they will not stop the economy’s growth, they know it.  As covered by CCN, the century-old think tank Brookings Institute has claimed Venezuela’s  Petro undermines legitimate cryptocurrencies , and won’t stabilize Venezuela’s economy. Moreover, the think tank claimed it’s unclear what use the oil-backed cryptocurrency has for foreign investors.  Venezuelan leader Nicolás Maduro, last month, claimed the  Petro’s pre-sale raked in $5 billion.  These numbers, according to currently available information, don’t add up if we take into account a total of 38.4 million tokens were being sold at $60 each. This means Maduro may have  falsified these numbers.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Venezuela: Petro ’s Impact Will Be Felt Within “Three to Six Months ” Twitter  During an interview with Venezuela’s  Cuatro F  newspaper, the executive secretary of the country’s Blockchain Observatory, Daniel Peña, stated that he believes the Petro (PTR), Venezuela’s oil-backed cryptocurrency, will positively impact the country’s economy within “three to six months.”  During the interview, Peña noted that the Petro is a cryptocurrency and, as such, can’t be blocked, and its transactions cannot be traced. The Petro, he added, will see intermediaries disappear.  Per his words, the cryptocurrency’s positive impact will be felt within three to six months, and that is why US President Donald Trump “attacked” the cryptocurrency through an  executive order barring US citizens and residents from purchasing it .  When asked to elaborate on the difference between paying with the Petro and the Bolivar, Peña said:  “There are many advantages, among them is that the inflationary scheme of the Venezuelan economy breaks down. Stolen or stolen tickets, because it is a digital currency that is safe to handle and has more functionality. The intermediaries will disappear, it will be a directional purchase. The waiting time for transactions will be reduced, because it will be faster than the bank ing system.”  He added that Venezuelan merchants adopting the Petro will be given tax incentives, as part of the country’s plan to bolster adoption. He concluded by saying the Petro will “undoubtedly reduce costs.”  As covered by CCN, Venezuelan president Nicolás Maduro has  ordered state-owned companies to accept the Petro , specifically mentioning three companies associated with the country’s natural resources. At the time, he added that Venezuelans will be able to pay for fuel and tourism services in cryptocurrencies, including the Petro.  The country’s National Assembly has declared the cryptocurrency’s sale unconstitutional. At the time Rafael Guzmán, president of the body’s finance committee, stated it was a way for the government to embezzle funds. A way, he added, that won’t help Venezuelans with food and medicine. He argued:  “This deepens the crisis that we are living in. The PTR is another [example] of corruption, and we will come out of this crisis with measures that we have announced from this Parliament.”  
INCREASE	   LA Dodgers Minor Leaguer Retires At 22 to Launch Cryptocurrency Hedge Fund for Athletes Twitter  Move over, Baby Boomers and Gen-Xers. Tyler Adkison, a cryptocurrency hedge fund CEO, says cryptocurrencies are the wave of the future that will be ushered in by Millennials.  Adkison, 22, recently retired as a minor league baseball player with the Los Angeles Dodgers to launch a crypto hedge fund focused exclusively on athletes. Despite skepticism from people around him because of the unstable nature of the virtual currency market, Tyler is excited about this new chapter of his life.  “This movement of cryptocurrency is a very Millennial-driven movement,” Adkison told the  OC Register . “The developers are all Millennials or younger generations. They’re all tech-savvy. The people creating and driving this space are us.  ”   Ring day!  @ogdenraptors   @Dodgers   pic.twitter.com/nzY5KvOFFM  — Ty Adkison (@tyblockterra)  March 10, 2018   While it may sound odd that a former aspiring baseball player gave up professional sports to jump head-long into cryptocurrencies, Adkison said he ’s a tech geek who has been fascinated by bitcoin for years.  “I studied business at San Diego State and I’ve always had my eye on investing, things of that nature,” he said. “Technology has fascinated me as long as I could imagine. I was waiting in line for the release of the first iPad. I was in middle school. I sold candy to pay for it. I feel like cryptocurrency is the pinnacle of technological advancement.”  30 Clients, Including Red Sox Star  In his free time during baseball training, Adkison formed the cryptocurrency hedge fund BlockTerra Capital LLC.  Thanks to word-of-mouth buzz, Tyler already has investors and 30 clients who are pro baseball or football players. His first client was Joe Kelly, the 29-year-old pitcher for the Boston Red Sox.  While it may be easy to dismiss Tyler Adkison as another gullible, inexperienced entrepreneur, the fact is, many emerging leaders in the cryptocurrency ecosystem are Millennials just like him.  Take Ethereum co-founder Vitalek Buterin. At 24, Buterin ’s net worth reportedly tops $400 million. And he ’s just getting started. But beyond his staggering net worth is the influence Vitalek wields in the nascent crypto industry.   #SpringTraining2k18   pic.twitter.com/j0RYdQkFff  — Ty Adkison (@tyblockterra)  March 3, 2018   Chris Castiglione, an adjunct professor at Columbia University, says the younger generation are better suited to take the risks associated with a volatile industry like crypto.  “I think the crypto market is attractive to Millennials because it ’s a space with both a lot of growth and risk, ” Castiglione told  Forbes .  “People who are 40+ years of age are likely settled down with a career and family, and less inclined to get into such a quick-growth, volatile field. It ’s been the same way with startup founders over the past two decades. ”  ‘No One Can Stop’ Crypto  While billionaires like  Mark Cuban say bitcoin is worthless , former investment banking professionals like Dave Chapman says bitcoin is the undeniable wave of the future.  Chapman, who previously worked at Credit Suisse, Bear Stearns, and HSBC, is the co-founder of ANX, a blockchain solutions provider, and ANX Pro, a cryptocurrency exchange.  Dave says bitcoin is here to stay because  “no one can stop crypto. ”  While most bitcoin investors obsess over its daily price fluctuations, he says BTC prices are the most boring thing about the budding virtual currency market.  “The price to me is probably the most uninteresting component about bitcoin,” Chapman said. “I’m more excited in the applications and more excited about what this means for people who don’t have access to financial inclusion. If we focus on the price, we’re losing track of the big picture.”  
INCREASE	   Pakistan Central Bank Bans Banks from Cryptocurrency, ICO Transactions Twitter  Pakistan’s central bank has told banks and other financial services providers not to support virtual currency transactions. The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) advised the general public in a  statement  on its website and in a  tweet  that it regulates both domestic and international payment and money transfer services.     Pakistan’s announcement on Friday  follows one by India’s central bank  from having any links to virtual currency dealers, which immediately slashed cryptocurrency prices on local exchanges.   Transfers Could Bring Prosecution  SBP said anyone using virtual currencies to transfer funds outside Pakistan could be prosecuted, according to  propakistani.pk . Any person found using virtual currencies, coins or tokens for the purpose of transferring money outside Pakistan will be subject to prosecution as per applicable laws.  The SBP also asked commercial and microfinance banks, as well as payment system operators and payment service providers not to facilitate account holders seeking to carry out transactions in the form ICO tokens and cryptocurrencies,  SBP noted that it has not recognized cryptocurrencies as legal tender and has not authorized or licensed any entity for the issuance, sale, purchase, exchange or investment in any currencies or tokens.  Central Bank Cites Risk  The SBP took the action on account of the following risks: • Virtual currencies are highly volatile, unstable and the prices are primarily based on speculations; • The failure and closure of virtual currency exchanges and businesses for any reason, such as action by law enforcement agencies; and • The number of security compromises of virtual currency exchanges and wallets worldwide in which large amount of funds have been lost.  In addition, fraudsters have also begun offering pyramid style investment schemes, promising high returns to the general public in Pakistan. SBP warns that such schemes, which are similar to Ponzi schemes, this can cause significant losses to the general public.  Also read:  India bans banks from processing cryptocurrency purchases  Reserve Bank Of India Clarifies Position  Late on Friday, the Reserve Bank of  India  issued a more detailed circular stating any regulated entities that already provide virtual currency services are required to cut all ties within three months.  Such services include maintaining accounts, registering, trading, settling, clearing, giving loans against virtual tokens, accepting them as collateral, opening accounts of exchanges that deal with them and transfer funds in accounts relating to purchase or sale of virtual currencies.  The  RBI  acknowledged that blockchain technology has many potentially-beneficial applications but argues that cryptocurrencies raise a number of concerns related to consumer protection, market integrity, and preventing financial crimes.  India-based cryptocurrency trading volume had already plummeted by 90 percent in recent months as banks themselves had already begun to restrict the ability of cryptocurrency exchanges to secure access to financial services and locals to trade with funds stored in Indian bank accounts. However, until now, this blockade had not been codified into official government policy.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Opinion: India ’s Cryptocurrency Crackdown Infringes on Fundamental Laws Twitter  In this opinion piece,  Mohammed Danish, a lawyer practicing at the Delhi High Court in India, argues that the Indian central bank ’s recent directive to bar banking services to cryptocurrency exchanges is not sustainable by law. You can direct your queries to the Author at  [email  protected] .  The year 2018 does not seem to bestow a sigh of relief to the crypto community as  a new press release  by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has sparked off a tumultuous reaction which is driving the crypto-hopefuls in a tizzy.   Time  and  again  the RBI has been issuing cautionary  to the crypto community about the potential financial, operational, legal, customer protection and security related risks which the community is exposed to while dealing in cryptocurrency but despite operating under the dark clouds of such occasional cautionary by RBI, the sector continued to grow buoyed by the rising prices of cryptocurrencies.   Shedding the haze about the Government’s stance in recognizing the potential of “Blockchain” technology and exploring its use for aiding digital economy, the Hon’ble Finance Minister in his budget speech  stated that cryptocurrency is not recognized as a legal tender, thus leaving a baffling ambiguity as to which way the camel will sit on the issue of legality of trading! Many in the crypto community welcomed the mention of “crypto” in the speech and interpreted it to be a subtle nod for endorsing the crypto-trading, whereas others were apprehensive on the fate of the investmen ts if the destiny turns out to be otherwise.  Since the wrath of RBI has fallen now, the crypto community has stuck in another whirlpool of legal haphazard. The press release of RBI acknowledged the potential of Blockchain in improving the efficiency of the financial system, however, it simultaneously pointed out the risks involved with cryptocurrencies such as consumer protection, market integrity and money laundering. Th e RBI further informed that the entities regulated by it will be precluded from providing services to any individual or business entities dealing with cryptocurrencies. As a consequence of this, crypto investors will not be able to transfer money from their bank accounts to crypto trading wallets like Zebpay, Coinsecure, Unocoin etc.  The RBI has the power to issue directions to the banks under Section 35A of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, inter alia, in the public interest. In  an earlier press release  dated 24th December 2013 , the RBI had enumerated various risks posed by the cryptocurrency entities to their users. If it is assumed that the RBI seeks to protect the general public from such risks then it has to indicate the relevant reasons which became ground for issuing such a draconian direction.   The RBI is considered to be a “State”  under Article 12 of the Constitution and therefore RBI is prohibited under Article 13 to issue any direction/circular which takes away or abridges the fundamental rights enshrined in Part III of the Constitution and any direction so issued in contravention of Article 13 shall be void.  The said move taken by RBI is the direct infringement of the fundamental right to carry on trade guaranteed to the crypto exchanges in India under Article 19 (1) (g)  of the constitution and therefore such direction has to pass the twofold test of legislative competence and constitutional validity. However, a reasonable restriction can be put in the interest of general public under Article 19 (6)  but the RBI has to explain the mischief it seeks to check by putting such restriction.   On the contrary, the RBI has put a blanket restriction on the banks to deal with all the business entities. The direction of the RBI seeks to paint all the entities in the trade of crypto with the same brush, which cannot sustain the test of constitutional validity.  It is commonly believed that the challenges give rise to the opportunities for growth. At the present juncture, the crypto community is required to keep patience and wait for the law to take its own course as unlike other territories where the crypto is struggling for survival, India is a country which is governed by the rule of law. The unfolding events will certainly bring ab out the new avenues for the world of cryptocurrencies in India.  Disclaimer:  The views expressed in this article are the personal views of the author and are purely informative in nature.  
INCREASE	   ‘Insulting’: Kraken CEO Refuses to Comply with New York ’s Crypto Exchange Probe Twitter  Kraken CEO Jesse Powell had strong words for New York regulators who sought to compel the San Francisco-based exchange to participate in its new Virtual Market Integrity Initiative, which demands that trading platforms be more transparent.  Earlier this week, New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman  began an inquiry  into the operations of popular cryptocurrency exchanges. As part of the probe, his office sent detailed, 34-point questionnaires to 13 different exchanges  — including  Kraken   — who were instructed to complete the forms by the beginning of May.  Most exchanges responded positively to the letters, stating publicly that they were looking forward to cooperating with the AG’s inquiry and increasing transparency in the nascent space.  However, Powell  — whose exchange ranks in the top 15 in daily trading volume  — struck a much more critical tone in his remarks, which he published on  Twitter .  He wrote:  “Kraken’s BitLicense-prompted exit from New York in 2015 pays another dividend today. When I saw this 34-point demand, with a deadline 2 weeks out, I immediately thought ‘The audacity of these guys  — the entitlement, the disrespect for our business, our time! The resource diversion for this production is massive. This is going to completely blow up our roadmap!’ Then I realized that we made the right decision to get the hell out of New York three years ago and that we can dodge this bullet.”  As he alluded in his comments, Kraken ceased operations in New York in 2015 as part of the “Great Bitcoin Exodus” that occurred after the state’s Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) introduced the controversial  BitLicense , which requires cryptocurrency companies to submit to a rigorous regulatory process before they can serve New York residents.  Powell said that Kraken is ordinarily quite open to helping regulators understand the exchange ’s business operations, as well as the nascent cryptocurrency space writ-large. However, he criticized the AG ’s  “tone-deaf ” approach, arguing that the state is a hostile environment for businesses.  “But when is it going to be enough for New York? We did all this once already, and then you gave us the BitLicense. Why don’t you try extracting this information from those businesses actually operating in your state? Kraken left New York because New York is hostile to crypto, and this ‘questionnaire’ we received today proves that New York is not only hostile to crypto, it is h ostile to business,” he said.  He also blamed other cryptocurrency exchanges for  “kowtowing ” to the probe and others like it.  “Somebody has to say what everybody ’s actually thinking about the NYAG ’s inquiry. The placative kowtowing toward this kind of abuse sends the message that it ’s ok. It ’s not ok. It ’s insulting,” he concluded. “Good luck New Yorkers.”  Featured image from YouTube/ Economist Test Prep .  
INCREASE	   Japanese Police Arrest 12 in $1.8 Million Fake Fiat/Bitcoin Fraud Twitter  A joint investigation between Tokyo and Hyogo police into an alleged fraud involving a bitcoin worth ¥190 million has led to the arrests of 12 individuals in total.  First reported by  the Japan Times  last week, the alleged scam involved a Tokyo-based marketing firm executive – in his 40s – falling prey to a group of conmen who offered ¥200 million in cash for the equivalent of ¥190 million in bitcoin. The deal took place at a Tokyo hotel on July 25, 2017, through an agent representing the executive.  According to the report, the accused men presented a suitcase containing ¥200 million, a majority in fake cash, fooling the agent in the process. Falling for the con, the bitcoin seller transferred his cryptocurrency to a wallet account of an exchange operator in Yokohama. The men falsely claimed they hadn’t received the coins, according to the investigation.  Two days later, an accomplice of the accused men approached the exchange to convert the bitcoins into ¥174.2 million in cash, excluding the commission. Seven men who are said to have attended the meeting at the hotel, all in their 20s, were arrested by police last week. According to the  Tokyo Reporter , five more suspects involved in the alleged con were also arrested including 24-year-old Kenta Higashi, thought to be the mastermind of the operation.  During the course of the investigation, the victim revealed he had accepted the offer to avoid paying commission fees while swapping crypto-to-fiat at an exchange.  After pioneering legislation that now recognizes bitcoin as  a legal method of payment  in the country, Japan is firmly among the world’s largest trading markets for cryptocurrencies. Everyday cons and conmen are to be expected and nothing out of the ordinary.  Recent figures  by the Financial Services Agency, the country’s financial regulator, reveals over 3.5 million active cryptocurrency adopters in the country while the most traded cryptocurrencies in order are Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Bitcoin Cash and Litecoin.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bolivar to Bitcoin Trading Surpasses a Record $1 Million per Day Twitter  Venezuela’s economic situation has been steadily declining in the past few years, bringing Venezuelans to turn to cryptocurrencies.  According to  VeneBloc  data, the bolivar-to-bitcoin market recently reached a new record, as the equivalent of $1.009 million in bolivars were exchanged for bitcoin on April 17.  VeneBloc tracks transactions made on peer-to-peer exchange LocalBitcoins on the South American nation. It currently posts a rate of over 800,000 bolivars per dollar. Venezuelans are turning to cryptocurrencies as the government has enforced strict foreign exchange controls back in 2003.   These controls see individuals and businesses who aren’t able to obtain government approval to purchase dollars at legal rates turn to the black market. Cryptocurrencies help Venezuelans access foreign goods, and effectively  survive government failures .  Last year Jorge Farias, the co-founder of Venezuelan-based cryptocurrency brokerage Cryptobuyer, which had over 10,000 users at the time, said:  “The transaction takes a few minutes, our commission is three to seven percent lower than the banks, and our exchange rate is regulated by supply and demand, making it more realistic than the official”  Venezuelans have limited access to official foreign exchange markets, which makes it hard to get a sense of what their fiat currency is worth. Cryptocurrency exchanges help them here, along with websites tracking the rate to dollar auctions, and WhatsApp groups.  Prices in Venezuela  surged by 454 percent  in the first quarter of this year, and a whopping 8,900 percent over the past 12 months. The hyperinflation has left the country on the brink of economic collapse, a problem that the government seemingly isn’t addressing.  Instead, Venezuela’s government is focusing on its oil-backed cryptocurrency the Petro (PTR), which recently received the  “Satoshi Nakamoto Prize”  from the Russian Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Association. The Petro, through its initial token sale, is said to have raised more than $5 billion from investors throughout the world.  While the country’s National Assembly and other entities bashed the Petro’s sale, some analysts  doubt  it even exists. Meanwhile, the country has implied it may  charge for exports  in it and ordered state-owned businesses to accept it, which could create demand.  As for its economy, the executive secretary of the country’s Blockchain Observatory, Daniel Peña, revealed he believes the oil-backed cryptocurrency will positively impact it within  “three to six months.”  In an interview to the country’s Cuatro F newspaper, he said:  “There are many advantages, among them is that the inflationary scheme of the Venezuelan economy breaks down. Stolen or stolen tickets, because it is a digital currency that is safe to handle and has more functionality. The intermediaries will disappear, it will be a directional purchase. The waiting time for transactions will be reduced, because it will be faster than the banking system.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bolivar to Bitcoin Trading Surpasses a Record $1 Million per Day Twitter  Venezuela’s economic situation has been steadily declining in the past few years, bringing Venezuelans to turn to cryptocurrencies.  According to  VeneBloc  data, the bolivar-to-bitcoin market recently reached a new record, as the equivalent of $1.009 million in bolivars were exchanged for bitcoin on April 17.  VeneBloc tracks transactions made on peer-to-peer exchange LocalBitcoins on the South American nation. It currently posts a rate of over 800,000 bolivars per dollar. Venezuelans are turning to cryptocurrencies as the government has enforced strict foreign exchange controls back in 2003.   These controls see individuals and businesses who aren’t able to obtain government approval to purchase dollars at legal rates turn to the black market. Cryptocurrencies help Venezuelans access foreign goods, and effectively  survive government failures .  Last year Jorge Farias, the co-founder of Venezuelan-based cryptocurrency brokerage Cryptobuyer, which had over 10,000 users at the time, said:  “The transaction takes a few minutes, our commission is three to seven percent lower than the banks, and our exchange rate is regulated by supply and demand, making it more realistic than the official”  Venezuelans have limited access to official foreign exchange markets, which makes it hard to get a sense of what their fiat currency is worth. Cryptocurrency exchanges help them here, along with websites tracking the rate to dollar auctions, and WhatsApp groups.  Prices in Venezuela  surged by 454 percent  in the first quarter of this year, and a whopping 8,900 percent over the past 12 months. The hyperinflation has left the country on the brink of economic collapse, a problem that the government seemingly isn’t addressing.  Instead, Venezuela’s government is focusing on its oil-backed cryptocurrency the Petro (PTR), which recently received the  “Satoshi Nakamoto Prize”  from the Russian Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Association. The Petro, through its initial token sale, is said to have raised more than $5 billion from investors throughout the world.  While the country’s National Assembly and other entities bashed the Petro’s sale, some analysts  doubt  it even exists. Meanwhile, the country has implied it may  charge for exports  in it and ordered state-owned businesses to accept it, which could create demand.  As for its economy, the executive secretary of the country’s Blockchain Observatory, Daniel Peña, revealed he believes the oil-backed cryptocurrency will positively impact it within  “three to six months.”  In an interview to the country’s Cuatro F newspaper, he said:  “There are many advantages, among them is that the inflationary scheme of the Venezuelan economy breaks down. Stolen or stolen tickets, because it is a digital currency that is safe to handle and has more functionality. The intermediaries will disappear, it will be a directional purchase. The waiting time for transactions will be reduced, because it will be faster than the banking system.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Wink  & a Bitcoin: Roger Ver Offers Reddit $100k to Appoint New Moderator to Bitcoin Forum Twitter  Early cryptocurrency investor and ardent Bitcoin Cash supporter Roger Ver is known for using his social media presence to stir the pot, and he lived up to that reputation this week.  Ver, who owns Bitcoin.com and has signed on to the “ Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin ” movement, offered to pay Reddit a bribe if the social media platform would appoint a moderator “who supports free speech” to the Bitcoin subreddit, which has long been one of the most popular Bitcoin forums.  “Dear @reddit, I heard that as of recently you were not a profitable company. I ’ll pay you $100,000 USD if you simply appoint a moderator to /r/Bitcoin who supports free speech,” Ver wrote in a Wednesday tweet that included a link to an oft-shared blog post accusing the subreddit of censorship.   Dear  @reddit , I heard that as of recently you were not a profitable company.  I 'll pay you $100,000 USD if you simply appoint a moderator to /r/Bitcoin who supports free speech.  https://t.co/pFWK21QE6q CC:  @alexisohanian   @wtfspez   @brian_armstrong   https://t.co/KTV8Rptk37  — Roger Ver (@rogerkver)  April 18, 2018   Relations have grown tense between /r/Bitcoin and /r/BTC  — the other major Bitcoin-related subreddit  — over the years. The former has frequently been accused of censorship for its moderation of posts related to the years-long Bitcoin scaling debate, while the latter  — of which Ver is a moderator  — has become the de facto subreddit for Bitcoin Cash. Both, meanwhile, have been accused of tribalism.  Ver’s tweet attracted its own of replies  — and copycats.  Some, like Bitcoin.org co-owner Cobra-Bitcoin, offered to pay for a moderator post on /r/BTC. Cobra-Bitcoin, for instance, offered the social media company $1 million to make him the “head moderator” of /r/BTC so that he could “make the content of that subreddit better match the name.”   Dear  @reddit , I heard that as of recently, you were not a profitable company. I’ll pay you $1M USD to appoint me head moderator of /r/btc, and we can make the content of that subreddit better match the name. Payment in BTC only.  https://t.co/6r8aVMgHR2  — Cøbra (@CobraBitcoin)  April 18, 2018   Others poked fun at Ver for his tweet. One, for example, compared it to dogs complaining that they did not have more representation on a forum dedicated to cats.   I really like dogs. I will pay  @reddit  $100,000 to appoint a dog-friendly moderator on r/cats. Dogs are the real cats. This unjust censorship has gone on too long! BABIES R DYIIIINNNNGGGG!!!!  — ⚡BTC Sessions⚡ (@BTCbenny)  April 18, 2018   In any case, of course, Reddit does not need the money, even if it has yet to reach profitability. Last year, the company  raised $200 million in funding , placing its total valuation at $1.8 billion.  Featured image from Youtube.  
INCREASE	    New PayPal Policy Makes Bitcoin [an Even] Cheaper, Private Alternative Twitter  Earlier this week,  PayPal  announced  new fees and restrictions today that could have a huge impact on the cryptocurrency space. While cryptocurrencies offer low-fee and even feeless forms of value transfer, PayPal dwarfs the competition with global adoption and brand awareness, used to transfer business and personal funds as well as handling all eBay transactions.   However, all of that may be about to change. PayPal’s new policies came into effect today, including a $4.99 fee for US users sending international payments, plus an additional 2.9% charge if the transaction is partially filled with a debit or credit card,  and  a flat rate based on the currency used. With similar measures implemented for users in other countries as well, the fees are staggering, and make international microtransactions completely unviable.    While Bitcoin once had even higher fees than PayPal does now, things have died down and  a Bitcoin transaction can be made in under an hour for around $0.21   – while PayPal is currently faster, Bitcoin is now many times cheaper, and has the advantage over altcoins of massive international awareness. The high profile and growing media coverage of the cryptocurrency coupled with the newly introduced fees of the world’s leading peer to peer payment services poises Bitcoin for more mainstream adoption as a value transfer system.  PayPal didn’t stop there, seemingly dealing itself another blow in the fight to stay competitive during the rise of cryptocurrencies. Today’s announcement also introduced new policies surrounding user privacy:   “We’re changing the balance functionality for your PayPal account depending on whether we have been able to verify identifying information that you provide to us. If we have not verified your identifying information, a balance in your PayPal account can generally only be held in your PayPal account and transferred to a linked bank account or debit card.”   As linked bank cards generally require identification in the first place, this change will effectively squeeze out any unverified users, making personal identification a requirement for using PayPal. For many, financial privacy and personal data protection are a what makes Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies so appealing, particularly in light of the recent  Facebook data breaches .   The inclusion of mandatory identification and high fees make cryptocurrency a far more appealing method of interpersonal payment than PayPal in many cases, and with all eyes on Bitcoin, the timing couldn’t be any better for the godfather of cryptocurrencies as it enters a position of competing with the biggest online payment system in the world.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Social Snafu: Twitter Verifies a Scam Verge Cryptocurrency Account Twitter  The official Verge account, meanwhile, has yet to get its blue badge.  A fraudulent Twitter account is making the rounds in the cryptocurrency market, with anonymous cryptocurrency Verge one of its latest victims. Getting verified is a status symbol on Jack Dorsey ’s social media site, but the scams that are being left unchecked, so to speak, are compromising that trust.  It ’s a sign of chaos inside the house of Twitter, which has been cracking down on the market and  banned  ICO and cryptocurrency ads in March. Verifying the authenticity of the wrong account with the coveted  “blue badge ” only creates confusion for followers, especially in a world riddled with fake cryptocurrency giveaways and phishing scams. Verge, which boasts privacy and security, previously suffered  a Twitter hack , and it has plenty of reasons to fire back.  The real and unverified Verge account tweeted the following message, calling for Twitter to do manual ID checks.   We are NOT doing any give aways at all, as seen below this tweet. These are scams thst are all over every crypto twitter account. We need  @Twitter  to start doing human verification immediately!  — vergecurrency (@vergecurrency)  April 12, 2018   Verge went on to tweet that  “it ’s happening to every top coin ’s Twitter account. ”  Here ’s a screenshot of the imposter account, which has since moved on from Verge and set its sights on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex. It ’s able to hop accounts like this and maintain its verified status because it keeps its user handle, @seifsbei, the same. Most recently they ’re reposting tweets from Bitfinex, but previously they were s mimicking Verge. Notice the blue checkmark, which signifies a verified Twitter account.  Twitter  Verge recently announced a partnership with Mindgeek for adult entertainment, and it buoyed the blockchain startup ’s cryptocurrency by double-digit percentages ahead of the official announcement. Today, however, investors are taking some profits in Verge (XVG).  Coin Market Cap  Twitter Trouble  It ’s not the first time that Twitter has insulted the account holder of a cryptocurrency market participant. As CCN  recently reported , the account with the @bitcoin handle was temporarily suspended before being reinstated amid an outcry from followers.  Twitter ’s lack of control may seem suspect considering the company ’s co-founder Jack Dorsey is a bitcoin bull, having been part of a consortium to  back Lightning Labs . Meanwhile, the bitcoin account had been touting bitcoin rival, its spinoff Bitcoin Cash (BCH). As for Verge, it too boasts  “fast, efficient and decentralized transactions ” that  “improve upon the original bitcoin blockchain, ” according to  the company ’s site .  For Twitter to crack down on cryptocurrencies on one hand and fail to ensure that there aren ’t any fake accounts floating around, nevermind verified fake accounts, is on them.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Back to $8,250, Ethereum and ERC20 Tokens Secure Momentum Twitter  Alternative cryptocurrencies (altcoins) and Ethereum have outperformed bitcoin over the past 24 hours, the most dominant cryptocurrency in the market, over the past two weeks. The valuation of the cryptocurrency market has rebounded to $346 billion, moving closer to the $400 billion region.  Altcoin Season  In periods of extreme volatility and uncertainty, investors tend to incline towards an asset or cryptocurrency with the deepest liquidity and stability. Subsequent to the occurences of two major corrections in January and February which sent the valuation of the cryptocurrency market from $816 billion to $240 billion, investors heavily leaned towards bitcoin as a safe haven ass et and as a result, bitcoin consistently outperformed altcoins throughout 2018.  Recently, altcoins have begun to record strong gains against bitcoin and the market started to demonstrate independent price movements. Instead of following the overall price trend of bitcoin, many cryptocurrencies began to move differently from bitcoin.   This week, ERC20 tokens such as Tron (TRX), 0x, and ICON (ICX) performed well against both bitcoin and Ethereum. The increasing value of ERC20 tokens and the rising demand from investors in the global cryptocurrency market for minor cryptocurrencies show that investors have started to take more risks and have become confident in the market.  Saxo Bank, a Danish investment bank that focuses in online trading and investment, stated in a recent report that it expects the inflow of institutional capital into the cryptocurrency market to lead to a surge in the price of the vast majority of cryptocurrencies.  “If there is a significant pullback in the equity markets, there will be an inflow of money into uncorrelated assets, or assets that lie outside the reach of the traditional financial system in which cryptocurrencies are a potential alternative. The inflow of institutional capital to the cryptocurrency market due to the increase in regulation and investor protection could lead  cryptocurrencies to a positive quarter,” the 2018  second quarter report of Saxo Bank read.  Bitcoin Back to $8,250  Over the past 24 hours, the bitcoin price has recorded a solid 3 percent increase from around $8,000 to $8,250. On April 18, the bitcoin price dipped below $7,900 to $7,810. But, it almost immediately rebounded with a relatively large spike in buy volumes across all major cryptocurrency exchanges.   Currently, the Relative Strength Index (RSI) remains in the 56 mark, which signifies a neutral zone. Bitcoin is neither oversold or overbought, which is usually an optimistic indicator of short-term growth. Both exponential and simple moving averages demonstrate buy signals and suggest that the bitcoin price will likely record a rally throughout April 19.  As noted by Saxo Bank, the sudden increase in demand for bitcoin from institutional investors and retail traders cannot be dismissed, because major banks like Barclays have revealed their plans to set up cryptocurrency trading desks in the future. The entrance of large financial institutions show that the demand from institutional investors is real and that it is increasing at a rapid rate.  
INCREASE	   Silicon Valley VCs Ask US Regulators to Go Easy on ICO Regulations Twitter  A duo of heavy-hitting Silicon Valley venture capital firms has asked US regulators to take an industry-friendly approach to initial coin offering (ICO) regulations.  The  Wall Street Journal  reports that representatives from Andreessen Horowitz and Union Square Ventures met with high-ranking officials at the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on March 28.  The VC firms, which were joined by lawyers from Cooley LLP, Perkins Coie LLP, and McDermott Will  & Emery LLP, asked the agency’s Division of Corporation Finance to give them “formal assurance” that the SEC would not crack down on ICO tokens in which they have invested.  Andreessen Horowitz and Union Square Ventures have long been two of Silicon Valley’s most prolific cryptocurrency investors.  Andreessen, whose motto is “Software is Eating the World,” has invested in numerous ICOs, as well as industry businesses such as Coinbase and OpenBazaar.  USV likewise holds numerous stakes in industry companies, including cryptocurrency hedge fund Polychain Capital and Filecoin creator Protocol Labs.  Notably, both firms contributed to  CryptoKitties ’ recent $12 million funding round.  Recent  public statements  from SEC Chairman Jay Clayton have signaled that the SEC believes most ICO tokens are securities, which means that issuers are subject to significant regulatory restrictions when conducting their token sales.  Andreessen and USV pushed the agency to classify more ICOs as utility tokens, which do not constitute investments and are not subject to the SEC’s purview.  “For example, a token that represents a participation interest in a book-of-the-month club may not implicate our securities laws, and may well be an efficient way for the club’s operators to fund the future acquisition of books and facilitate the distribution of those books to token holders,” Clayton said in a speech of the difference between security and utility tokens.  “In contrast, many token offerings appear to have gone beyond this construct and are more analogous to interests in a yet-to-be-built publishing house with the authors, books and distribution networks all to come,” he added.  Citing people familiar with the matter, the report claims that the industry is unlikely to receive a broad regulatory exemption, though officials may be open to narrow exemptions that cap contributions and bar participants from reselling tokens at a profit.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Gotcha? Savedroid Says ‘Exit Scam’ Stunt is Lesson to Crypto Community Twitter  It turns out that Savedroid’s “exit scam” was actually a bizarre publicity stunt.  As CCN  reported , the German startup  — which had raised as much as $50 million through its initial coin offering (ICO) and external funding rounds  — appeared on Wednesday to have initiated an exit scam. The Savedroid website was replaced by the “Aaand it’s gone” meme from South Park, while Savedroid founder Yassin Hankir published a tweet suggesting that he had run off with the funds and was living the high life on a remote beach.  However, on Thursday Savedroid’s website came back online, and Hankir published a video titled “And it’s NOT gone” in which he explained that the incident  — which he said was not a prank  — was meant to teach the cryptocurrency community a lesson about how easy it would have been for them to scam their investors.   “We wanted to send this very drastic message by saying that look, how easy could have been that even we as a highly-regulated German stock corporation could just have run away, done an exit scam with all the funds, leaving all the investors behind,” Hankir said. “Of course we have not done that, we just wanted to convey that message.”  “This was not meant to do any prank,” he added, “but actually to convey a very serious message that we believe the whole ICO and crypto industry are concerned with for the future.”  Hankir, who did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment, argued in the video that ICOs need to be better regulated to prevent exit scams  — like the one he appeared to perpetrate  — from being  quite so common  in the nascent space.  He also said that Savedroid will also launch its own ICO advisory service, and the prank-but-not-a-prank appears to have ultimately been an ill-conceived publicity stunt to drum up interest in this new venture.  Featured image from YouTube/Savedroid AG.  
INCREASE	   Profitable Bitcoin Mining? Big Miners are Squeezing Out Dorm Room Rigs Twitter  Profits elude fledgling bitcoin miners, while institutional bitcoin miners continue to rake it in.  Mega bitcoin miners like Bitmain and Bitfury are threatening to squeeze the smaller players out of the picture, according to  a Bloomberg report . As a result, expect to see some consolidation in the bitcoin mining space and a possible paradigm shift where institutional players increase their influence with every earned bitcoin.  With the bitcoin price hovering at approximately $8,000, bitcoin miners, who solve complicated equations to produce more BTC and earn a reward, are barely eeking out a profit at these levels. This leaves the business of the little guy, such as the bitcoin miner operating from a college dorm room or parent ’s house, directly in the line of fire to be quashed, or acquired.  “It’s totally different this year than last year. The bitcoin mining industry was this mysterious dark cottage industry, and it’s about to grow up and about to have elements of institutional scalability at all levels, ” according to Bill Tai, chairman of the board at  at Toronto-based Hut 8 Mining , quoted in Bloomberg.  Bloomberg calls it an  “inflection point ” for bitcoin miners.  Courtesy: Bloomberg  Survival of the Fittest  Hut 8 ’s Tai paints a dismal picture for the smaller miners, suggesting they ’ll drop off the map while only a handful of the biggest operations will be left standing.  Hut 8 Mining is a backer of Bitfury Group, the latter of which is based in Amsterdam and makes bitcoin mining rigs. They ’ve mined 1 million bitcoin, according to the Bloomberg report. In the best of times, which would be December 2017, there was more demand for Bitfury ’s machines than there was supply, as they fielded $1.9 billion in requests. Nonetheless, the major bitcoin mining operations continue to expand and take more territory.  Smaller bitcoin mining shops won ’t be able to continue to compete with their larger peers for many reasons, not the least of which is they must invest in their equipment while the Bitfury and Bitmain ’s of the world make their own. But it ’s not just the equipment that runs the investment requirement up, it ’s also the energy bill.  Incidentally, Wall Street analysts  recently suggested  that the surplus natural gas produced in Texas ’ Permian Basin that would otherwise be burned instead be used to generate power for bitcoin mining operations. But the bitcoin price would have to persist at approximately $19,000 for more than a decade for that to work.  Virginia Beach-based digital mining facility Bcause, which is in the midst of an expansion, says its clients make money with the bitcoin price higher than $9,000-$10,000. Bcause Founder Tom Flack  predicts  consolidation in the space up ahead.  With fewer, larger players controlling the bitcoin mining sphere, it thrusts the 51% attack phenomenon into the spotlight. Digital Asset Research ’s Lucas Nuzzi said miners have as much as 30% of bitcoin already. And if the pendulum swings any further,  “it has the potential of being dangerous from a security standpoint, since a single entity could use its power in terms of hashrate to disrupt the network, ” he told Bloomberg.  A 51% attack can occur when a single entity is able to control more than half of the computing effort.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Regulation Back on G20 Agenda in Washington Meet Today Twitter  The G20, the group of the world ’s 20 largest economies, had begun discussions this year to build a regulatory plan for the cryptocurrency market and those talks are set to continue this week.  CCN, in partnership with  Criptomoedas Fácil , was the only specialized press from the crypto/blockchain industry present at the event in Buenos Aires and closely followed  all related discussions  in the Argentine capital at the beginning of March. There were  several positive developments , among them, the recognition by state leaders of the importance of cryptocurrencies and their role in revolutionizing many banking procedures.  In order to allow the state as a whole to adopt the technology, regulators have decided that it is necessary to  construct regulations  in order to prevent the crypto industry from being used by malicious agents to commit crimes and to protect users from fraud, However, the group of 20 stressed that the proposed regulation cannot be so hard as to hinder the development of technology. It was also defined that the first practical regulatory proposals will be presented at a new meeting of the group in Buenos Aire s in June at the 3rd meeting of finance ministers and central bank presidents.  Now, global economic leaders will  meet  today and tomorrow, April 19-20, in Washington DC for the Second G20 Meeting of Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors, where they will define specific policies and continue to discuss the agenda items for the month ’s meeting passed in Buenos Aires. As a result, proposals for regulation of the cryptocurrency market is expected to take center stage alongside other themes of the global agenda such as protectionism and the possible financial impact that the escalation of violence in Syria can bring to the globe  The IMF and the World Bank Group will also be participating in the meeting that will be attended by 55 delegations, whose heads include 22 finance ministers, 18 central bank governors, and 9 international organization leaders. The meeting immediately follows the Third Meeting of G20 Finance Deputies being held on 18 April. Its agenda includes discussions toward the future of gl obal commerce and risks to the global economy, including financial vulnerabilities.  As one of the three priorities of the Argentine G20 presidency for 2018, the debates on the future of work will look into the current and potential effects of new technologies on the job market, growth and employment, with a particular focus on inclusion, fairness, and gender equality. The objective is for consensus to be reached to enable progress on a public policy document w hich will be released in June when the first practical proposal for crypto regulation must also be presented.  Meeting participants will evaluate recent financial developments in order to identify the risks to the global economy, adequate preventative measures, and necessary actions to take in the case they materialize. There will also be a session dedicated to the Compact with Africa (CWA), an initiative launched by the German G20 presidency in 2017, to promote private sector investmen t in Africa.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Self-Regulatory Body Outlines New Rules for 14 Korean Crypto Exchanges Twitter  The Korean Blockchain Industry Association, formed with 33 South Korean exchanges, has revealed a set of rules for 14 of its exchanges. The organization was formed in December of last year, where it was  announced  that famous cryptocurrency exchanges Bithumb, Coinone, Upbit and Korbit were also members of the self-regulatory group.  The first rule follows South Korean government ’s anti-money laundering rules, according to  Yonhap News . It will combat the use of cryptocurrencies in money laundering by identifying and verifying the users ’ identity and keeping their transaction history for five years. Secondly, exchanges will have to employ methods to pinpoint and detect fraudulent or suspicious transaction activities. In such cases, exchanges will also need to decide the course of action required to tackle the situation.  The third rule requires crypto companies to create  “listing procedure committees ” to observe every ICO token they plan to trade on the exchange. Additionally, members must have an equity capital of at least 2 billion Won. Financial documents such as statements, audit reports, and shareholder lists should also be submitted to the organization. The fourth rule covers code of ethics by creating an ethics charter which includes (Non-Disclosure Agreements) NDAs  for employees while disallowing illegal transactions.  In order to improve security for customers, the association introduced a security council which will evaluate all 14 exchanges.  Jeon Jae-jin, the chairman of the association, said,  “ We will establish the order of the domestically cryptographic money market through self-regulatory review. By providing a safeguard for the protection of users, we will contribute to ensuring the asset safety. ”  However, companies still have some time since the rules will be finalized by May 31. Afterward, every exchange will submit the aforementioned documents before Jun. 8 – their results will be disclosed within two or three weeks after the submission.  Earlier this year, the South Korean  government  announced that it would support cryptocurrency transactions if they were conducted  ‘normally ’. Customers would have to use their real names and verify their personal information on both cryptocurrency exchanges and banks to reduce risk. Therefore, by following Korean Blockchain Industry Association ’s guidelines, exchanges will have a better chance to create a healthy environment for crypto users.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   250 Corporates Join ICICI’s Trade Finance Blockchain Platform Twitter  Indian banking giant ICICI, the country’s second-largest private bank, has roped in 250 corporates to conduct both domestic and international trade finance transactions on its ‘custom-made’ blockchain platform.  In a major pivot that underlines the growing confidence in decentralized blockchain technology, ICICI bank has pointed to corporate firms and giants undertaking various types of transactions over ICICI’s blockchain tech such as cross-border salary payments to employees, domestic vendor payments and payments for raw materials, among others.  Some of “the country’s leading companies” have signed up for the blockchain application, a  press release  revealed, for a faster, cheaper, more efficient and secure way of undertaking transactions.  “The usage of blockchain technology simplifies the paper-intensive trade finance process by bringing counterparties on the same platform, enabling decision making in almost real time,’ an excerpt from the announcement added.  While ICICI withheld details on the type of technology used to build its custom blockchain, the bank touted the benefits of switching to a ‘distributed and unalterable ledger’ that enables buyers and sellers as well as all branches and locations of ICICI bank – both domestically and internationally – to view transaction data in real-time. While the claim is yet to be independen tly verified, the application could figure as the largest real-world blockchain rollout in India among some 4,800(+) ICICI branches in the country.  As reported previously in June 2016, ICICI proactively  established a new division  to research and harness blockchain technology for core banking services. Before the turn of that year, the bank became the first in India to  trial a cross-border remittance pilot  over a custom-built blockchain that specialized in facilitating trade finance and remittance. The successful pilot transaction executed real-time funds transfer from an ICICI bank branch in Mumbai, India, to an Emirates NBD branch in Dubai.  With the announcement of the comprehensive on-boarding of 250 corporates this week, ICICI chief executive Chanda Kochhar also revealed larger goals toward wider implementation of blockchain applications after previously stating the bank was  “ constantly looking ” at blockchain technology.  She stated:  In another initiative, we are also collaborating with peer banks and other partners to create a comprehensive ecosystem in the industry using blockchain and evolve common working standards to contribute to even greater adoption of this initiative.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Wall Street Veteran Likens Cryptocurrencies to Candy Crush Game Currency Twitter  Richard Bernstein isn ’t building any bridges with the cryptocurrency community.  The head of the Wall Street research firm that bears his name said in a note to clients today that there ’s little difference between cryptocurrencies and the virtual currencies you earn with internet games like Candy Crush, according to a  report on Bloomberg . CryptoKitties  might not be  the smash hit it was cracked up to be, but it might have been a more viable comparison considering it ’s built on the Ethereum network.  As Ethereum co-founder Joseph Lubin recently  explained to CNBC , the value, at least for ETH, can be compared to commodities like oil, which trades for a price and  “is a fuel that powers the global commerce platform. He said:  “The ether token is used to pay for computational steps and storage operations on the decentralized application platform that is Ethereum. ”  Meanwhile, according to Bernstein, the difference between Candy Crush ’s in-game currency and the cryptocurrencies that bitcoin miners create and earn in exchange for solving complicated puzzles comes down to the fact that digital currencies can be traded. The speculative nature of trading cryptocurrencies qualifies the market for a bubble, says Bernstein, pointing to the following features of digital currencies as proof  –  rising liquidity rising leverage new coins high turnover “democratization ”  Bubble Economics  Bernstein wouldn ’t be the first person to call cryptocurrencies a bubble, with some cryptocurrency market veterans having said in the past that not all of them will survive. And according to Bernstein ’s note, trading in a bubble doesn ’t discredit the economic and business case of cryptocurrencies, though it  “suggests that the return-on-investment could be considerably lower than investors currently expect. ”  Bernstein is a Wall Street veteran, having previously served as Merrill Lynch ’s chief investment strategist, and he ’s weighed in on bitcoin before. He can analyze equity market analysts under the table, but when it comes to cryptocurrencies, he ’s skeptical. Bernstein said  in a note to clients  in December:  “It is ironic that [investors] fear traditional equities, but they do not fear cryptocurrencies. One must remember that risk typically lies in what you’re invested in, and not in what you fearfully avoid. ”  Bitcoin ’s worth is derived from the value that people place on it, as it ’s not backed by any asset. But bitcoin is moving more into the mainstream for payments with the Lightning Network and altcoins like Bitcoin Cash have accelerated transaction times. As for bitcoin ’s other use case as a store of value, cryptocurrency trader Brian Kelly  recently suggested  that losing 25% from cryptocurrencies is  “better than losing 100%  … by a  “rogue government. ” Kelly is also of the opinion that the bitcoin price will attain a new high in 2018.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrencies: Is It Really a Land without Sheriffs? Twitter  In this opinion piece, Janis Graubins, co-Founder of Identity and Access Management company Notakey, follows the trial of a suspicious cryptocurrency wallet address and explains if and how illicit activity can be combated.  We had the Wild West, where the cliche of the cowboy movies was the nearest sheriff is 90 miles away, and so you had to pack a gun and defend yourself.  – Steven Pinker  Regulators warn to be cautious, friends preach them as the next big thing. What ’s about cryptocurrencies? Are they solving real-life problems or are mainly used for money laundering? I will try to answer these questions in a series of articles.  But let ’s start with the first questions I typically get when starting to talk about cryptocurrencies — if there is no central authority, who is responsible for fighting frauds? This is a very serious topic as things can go wrong even for experienced crypto investors such as  Ian Balina :    Crypto Family, I need you now more than ever. I ended today 's live stream b/c I am being hacked. I 'm not worried about the money. I learned my lesson. I only care about catching the hacker. Please email any information to  [email  protected]  Thank you all the support.  $ETH   $BTC  — Ian Balina (@DiaryofaMadeMan)  April 16, 2018    Does it eventually come up to the banks that allow exchanging cryptocurrencies to fiat currencies? And do they have right systems in place to pick up potential illegal activity? Or is it the case of Commonwealth Bank of Australia, where crime syndicates  laundered  more than A$75m through CBA’s systems.  I will first identify a suspicious wallet address that I will analyze. Then I will look into how end controls could help and if there should be controls at the start? Then I will ask myself if any controls should be put in the first place and what would happen if there are not? And finally, I will sum everything up and provide practical information on what can be helpful for fi ghting criminal activities.  1. Identifying a suspicious address: to understand what can we do right, we need to understand how things can be done wrong.  To understand what risks there are for potential money laundering in cryptocurrency space and if in case somebody would steal my funds I would be able to recover it, I started with taking one Ethereum address that according to comments is involved in several scams.       And followed where the money goes to. From this account it was transferred to this one:       My initial thoughts were let ’s use an existing service such as Coinfirm to make sense of all the transactions in the address. And that was what I did:       The problem with the report, however, was that while it shows identified risks, it does not provide with context. Moreover, some of the risks that could be identified manually were not identified by Coinfirm at all:                           And these are just few. Others that were not identified were structured deposits, multiple output transactions, high-value addresses, ICO contributor etc. That is why I decided to continue with checking transactions manually.  2. Can End controls stop money laundering? And what is Ethereum Mixer?  When I looked further where the money flows from this account I was surprised that after being transferred to another account, it was split in smaller amounts and eventually sent to Shapeshift to lose tracks (Shapeshift is a company that allows exchanging one cryptocurrency to another).              Initially, I thought that it might be done manually but after a while, I started to think that there might be an Ethereum Mixer involved. So what is it?        Of course, it says it is all about privacy but who are we kidding here? What it does is take control of your wallet address, splits the amount and sends them to your end-address through other user accounts, newly created accounts and Shapeshift. This illustration sums it up nicely:     source:  https://blog.cyber.fund/huge-ethereum-mixer-6cf98680ee6c  And this is not one separate case. According to Satoshi fund research (they analyzed transactions that in a given period were equal to 68.5% in money terms) Ethereum Mixer counts for a large volume of all ETH transactions:      source:  https://blog.cyber.fund/huge-ethereum-mixer-6cf98680ee6c  But let ’s get back to our case. As we can see from the illustration of top output addresses, the funds are sent to Exchanges like Kraken. It should be that at this point the money laundering stops because of their Know Your Customer (KYC)procedure at Exchange? It should if the KYC would be reliable.      Source: Kraken   According to Kraken, for transfers up to $5000 it is enough with basic verification that involves checking only name, address, phone number and birth date of a person. So basically if somebody knows your details, it is very easy to impersonate you. Even worse, no one will ask about the source of your funds.     Source: Kraken    And it is not much better with Tier 3 verification. In particular, the problem with the implementation of KYC is — it allows to allow upload photos of ID documents and yourself, instead of taking live photos.  In the cryptocurrency world, creating an account with fake identity takes seconds. So if somebody has access to your photo and ID documents, that person can impersonate you. And to be frank, data breaches where ID documents are leaked happen  quite often .  3. Do we need to look the other way around? Should we put controls in the beginning?  For this let ’s go back to the address we analysed. If we check from where the funds are coming from, we can see that they are from addresses that have received the funds by mining, participated in ICOs or bought and sold tokens through Exchanges.        We can see that the address has many small incoming transactions. If we check that address in details it becomes clear that the funds come from mining.       The only thing what is needed to mine ethereum or bitcoin is hardware that can be bought in any electronics shop. No KYC is required to join a mining pool. It basically means that there could be Government officials from North Korea mining bitcoin or ethereum and no one would know. They even would not need to buy hardware themselves as there are many services that sell hashing  power for mining.     If we look further into suspicious wallet address, we also can see that large amount of funds are coming from an address that is involved in ICOs and does token trading through Exchanges.              Let ’s look first at Ubcoin ICO. Do they check from where the funds are coming from.         According to their Telegram chat for funds below 50 eth (around $20k) it is not required to do any KYC at all. Money launderers could easily buy these tokens and then exchange to fiat currencies through Exchanges (when they are listed).  Even better, they actually could create a fake ICO through which they launder the funds.  Similar situation is with ModulTrade token that already is listed and has a questionable KYC in place.       As it can be seen from the Telegram chat, it would be easily to impersonate another person as there is no face-matching in place.  Of course, it is possible that both Ubcoin and ModulTrade have a solution for analyzing wallet transactions and in case the funds are coming from a source that looks suspicious, they might do enhanced due diligence. However, I could not find any information about that.  4. Do we actually need to have any controls?  I have talked a lot about downside of not having a KYC and not being able to track transactions due to Mixers, but what about cases where you are doing something legitimate but would still like to keep your privacy?  For example, let ’s say I own a brothel in Switzerland from which I get profit every month. In Switzerland this is legal. But if I would live in Russia, where it is illegal, I might be cautious about showing my source of income. The same logic applies to several other use cases — e.g., if I would have a medical condition that requires buying medical marijuana that is allowed in one country but  not in another.  There are several more use cases, where keeping privacy makes sense. That is why ideally KYC would be required only where there are risks of money laundering. Nevertheless, the question is how to do it if so many people are trying to hide their tracks?  5. Why should I care?  As a company — you should care because the fines for not complying with AML rules are very high. E.g. JP Morgan case, where the bank paid  a fine of $ 1.7 billion . Regulators across the world  are looking  into if cryptocurrencies should also be subject to the same law. Even if operations with cryptocurrencies will no be subject to AML rules, still all company funds can be frozen in case there is an ongoing investigation for a bank that holds all money of the company. For a business that is trying to be the next Google, this is a completely unnecessary risk as all the operations  of the company might be suspended for an unknown time period.  For individuals — not filing a suspicious transaction report, might lead to criminal charges carrying jail sentences for reporting entities and their directors, officers, agents, and employees.  6. What could help?  The first thing what needs to be done is set in place good KYC systems. With that I mean:  a system that only allows taking photos of ID document and person at that exact moment— no uploading of already existing photos; using algorithms or specially trained specialists for ID document verification and face-matching. There is significant difference between trained specialists (and algorithms) and untrained specialists — untrained specialists will look at the face as a whole while trained specialists will examine features of the face:  http://rspb.royalsocietypublishing.org/content/282/1814/20151292 . Moreover, there is an extreme end to it called  Congenital prosopagnosia that refers to the phenomenon by which some members of the general population are extremely bad at face recognition (in the clinical range) despite having no known pathology. And if you think that no one is doing face-matching by untrained specialists, just take a look at this tweet from one of the ICO organizers:       To sum everything up — money laundering is possible but so is identifying these actions. Ethereum Mixers, ICOs and Mining Services make it more difficult to analyze if funds are not coming from a suspicious source, therefore, linking a wallet to a verified identity could help. Privacy is important, therefore ideal KYC solution should show that person has passed the check withou t revealing their identity.  Featured image from United Artists/The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.  
INCREASE	   Chilean Court Orders Banks to Re-Open Cryptocurrency Exchange Accounts Twitter  Chile’s anti-monopoly court recently ordered two major Chilean banks to re-open the accounts of one of the country’s largest cryptocurrency exchanges, Buda.  The country’s anti-monopoly court ruled that the state bank Banco del Estado de  Chile  and Itau Corpbanca should re-open the cryptocurrency exchange’s accounts, presumably to prevent what looked like a blanket ban on cryptocurrencies in the country, according to a  Bloomberg  report.  Buda’s lawsuit continues against 10 Chilean banks, including the two ordered to re-open its accounts. The exchange sued the banks after its accounts were closed in a move it dubbed “arbitrary” and “unjustified.”  As covered by CCN, Chile’s cryptocurrency exchanged Buda, Crypto MKT, and Orionx saw the country’s  banks shut down their accounts  with no proper explanation earlier this month. At the time, Banco Estado revealed it decided “not operate with companies that are dedicated to the issuance or creation, brokerage, intermediation or serve as a platform for the so-called cryptocurrencies.”  In response, the cryptocurrency exchanges decided to take the  case to an appeals court , a move that, taking Buda’s success into account, may pay off for the exchanges. At press time, Crypto MKT and Orionx presumably still have their accounts closed.  Reports have suggested Chile’s financial institutions are seemingly implementing a ban on the crypto industry. Guillermo Torrealba, Buda’s chief executive officer, was clear on his stance:  “They’re killing an entire industry. It won’t be possible to buy and sell crypto in a safe business in Chile. We’ll have to go back five years and trade in person. It seems very arbitrary.”  Some believe the blanket ban is coming from the Chilean government, as the country’s Financial Stability Council, an organization with representatives from the country’s central bank, the Finance Ministry, and the securities, banks, and pension funds regulator, issued a warning on cryptocurrencies on April 5 – shortly before banks started shutting down exchanges’ accounts.  On March 27, Itau Corpbanca’s chief executive officer Milton Maluhv claimed the bank supports startups and new technologies while arguing cryptocurrencies need more regulations. When reached out to, other financial institutions didn’t reply.  As covered, Crypto MKT has revealed that it was left without banking after Banco Estado shuttered its account. Orionx, on the other hand, claimed users’ funds were “fully backed” and that there was “no risk of insolvency.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Crypto Exchange Binance is More Profitable than Germany ’s Biggest Bank Deutsche Twitter  This year, in the first quarter of 2018, Deutsche Bank, Germany’s biggest bank and one of Europe’s leading financial institutions, recorded a profit of $146 million. Binance, the world’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange, recorded a profit of $200 million.  Binance Vs. Deutsche Bank  Binance surpassed Germany’s largest and one of Europe’s biggest banks in profitability. Binance, a cryptocurrency startup that was non-existent merely 8 months ago beat out a leading bank that was established 148 years ago. A startup with 200 employees beat out a banking giant with 100,000 employees.  Changpeng Zhao, the CEO at Binance, who is better known to the cryptocurrency space as CZ,  wrote on March 3:  “Binance is the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange. In the first 3 months from inception, profits amounted to $7,500,000 USD. In the 2nd quarter, profits amounted to $200,000,000 USD. The 3rd quarter is still in progress, and is expected to have further growth. Any country that can attract Binance to open a branch in their location will receive a handsome tax income revenu e.”  For Malta, the relocation of Binance from Taiwan to the European country is a bigger move than Deutsche Bank permanently relocating its headquarters and operations from Germany to Malta. Given the exponential growth rate of Binance and the rapid movement of the cryptocurrency market, the motivation of the government of Malta in embracing the cryptocurrency industry and startups  within it is quite evident.  Christian Sewing, who was appointed as the new CEO at Deutsche Bank, stated that the bank will move away from hedge fund investment and focus on stabilizing on a few areas the bank where the bank is still dominant. With an $800 million restructuring plan and a massive cut of employees, the bank aims to generate profits by the end of 2018.  “Deutsche Bank is deeply rooted in Europe – here we want to provide our clients access to global financing and treasury solutions. This is what we will focus on more decisively, ”  Sewing told Reuters.  Future of Cryptocurrency Industry  The valuation of the cryptocurrency market is currently hovering around $400 billion, which is less than the combined market caps of HSBC and JPMorgan. The cryptocurrency market is still at its early stage and considering that only bitcoin has been around from 2009 to 2015 until the creation of Ethereum and the tokenized ecosystem, the cryptocurrency industry is really less tha n five years old.  The fact that startups with about 200 employees have reached multi-billion dollar valuations and beat out major banks such as Deutsche Bank in profitability demonstrate a healthy long-term development of the cryptocurrency market.   As long as the demand for the cryptocurrency market can be sustained and institutional investors continue to enter the space, similar to how Binance has been able to surpass Germany’s biggest bank in less than 8 months of existence, it is possible that cryptocurrency businesses take over the global finance industry in the next decade or two.  The exponential growth rate of the market shows the possibility of million-dollar bitcoin price predictions by experts like Tim Draper and Peter Thiel.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   $40 Trillion Cryptocurrency Market Cap ‘Definitely Possible’: Pantera Capital CEO Twitter  The founder of cryptocurrency hedge fund Pantera Capital said on Thursday that he believes the cryptocurrency market cap could one day be worth $40 trillion.  Dan Morehead, who is also the firm’s CEO, said in an interview with Bloomberg that he believes the fair market value of the cryptocurrency market cap is an order of magnitude or two above where it currently sits.  “Obviously, we’re very bullish on the space. We think we’re way below, maybe an order of magnitude  — or two  — below the real fundamental fair value of blockchain,” he said, stating later that “the industry as a whole is $400 billion. It easily could go to $4 trillion, and $40 trillion is definitely possible.”  “Anything that’s a $400 billion asset will not be ignored for long,” he added.  For the cryptocurrency market cap to reach $40 trillion, it would need to increase approximately 10,000 percent from its current level. If current market share distribution held constant  — which of course is unlikely  — the Bitcoin price would trade at a nearly $1 million valuation.   . @PanteraCapital  CEO Dan Pantera says the crypto market could reach $4 trillion  https://t.co/COfrdbpllw  ▶️  pic.twitter.com/XsySVCZ9Ob  — Bloomberg Crypto (@crypto)  April 26, 2018   As CCN  reported , Pantera recently issued just its fourth trading recommendation on Bitcoin in its seven-year history, arguing that BTC had flashed a buy signal after dipping below its 200-day moving average. Since then, the Bitcoin price has climbed by approximately $2,000, netting investors who followed the firm’s advice a 29 percent profit.  Morehead doubled down on that recommendation during Thursday’s interview, stating that Bitcoin remained a “screaming buy” even after its moderate recovery.  Previously, Morehead said in mid-December that the Bitcoin price could  decline by 50 percent or more  heading into the new year, after which the flagship cryptocurrency entered a prolonged bear market out of which it has only recently begun to recover.  Notably, the publication reports that Pantera  — which was founded in 2011  — currently has approximately $1 billion in assets under management. Of that, about 10 percent is in Bitcoin, though its largest stake in Icon, which ranks outside the top 20 on the market cap charts.  Featured image from Flickr/Techcrunch.  
INCREASE	   China Pins Hopes On Blockchain Technology For Government Audits Twitter  The National Audit of the  People’s Republic of China , the country’s supreme audit institution, is pinning high hopes on  blockchain  technology as a way to improve government auditing functions, according to a statement posted April 24.  An article titled “Some Ideas on Applying ‘Blockchain’ Technology in Big Data” notes that the blockchain portion of the stock market has increased 19.95% for eight straight days this year, reflecting blockchain application capability. The technology, according to the article, can improve data storage, management, transmission and other work modes for data audits.  The article offers an overview about blockchain technology, noting that its features decentralized computing and time stamping services such as recognizing textual information based on time sequence and the permanent saving of data.  Present System Has Limitations  The present system for auditing data relies on centralized storage, the article noted. Accredited agencies collect the data to do their audits, then upload it to a data center. While the method has a high level of security, it is destined to result in “infinite expansion” of data center hardware and software requirements.  The 19th Party Congress established goals for using science and technology, including the integration of the Internet, big data and  artificial intelligence , the article noted. General Secretary Xi Jinping called for taking the initiative with using big data.  However, in the audit area, big data applications remain in an environment in which data usage operations are cumbersome to administer, management is complex. On-site auditors, the article noted, are inconvenient.  Blockchain To  ‘Open A Skylight ’  “It is still a long way from the requirements of General Secretary Xi Jinping and the Audit Committee Party Group,” the article stated, adding that blockchain technology will “open a skylight” to address the issues.  Blockchain based distributed accounting and storage require no centralized hardware or management organization, the article observed. Data points can be established in city audit offices and internal department agencies. Each agency can establish data backup points and collect and manage data.  The audit office data center will only store the timestamp the auditor uses and oversee the confidentiality, reliability and legality of the audit application. Blockchain technology’s timestamp, data self management and encryption algorithm will allow the data center to record every auditor’s data, including activities that require identity management and the creation of data operations.  Future data inquiries will be able to be conducted any time at the data site. Users will need to provide qualification certification to enter the data center.  Also read:  ‘ASAP ’: China is working toward national blockchain standards  Audits To Use Smart Contracts  Future data audits will consist of a chain of auditing personnel operating time stamps created by provincial offices and internal agency auditing departments, the article stated. The audits will be based on blockchain data structures that will store and validate data, use consensus algorithms to create and update data, and use encryption and decryption algorithms to secure data  transmissions.  The audits will also use smart contracts consisting of automated script code to operate data. Studies will be required before the technology is applied, according to the article.  PRC emblem image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘Bitcoin Is the Greatest Scam in History,’ Says Founding PayPal CEO. Wrong. Twitter  One could say that former PayPal chief executive Bill Harris is not fond of Bitcoin, but that would be an understatement.  Writing in an op-ed published by tech outlet  Recode , Harris argues that Bitcoin is not only a bad investment but is also a “colossal pump-and-dump scheme, the likes of which the world has never seen.”  Harris does not break any new ground on the  Bitcoin-bashing front , and he quickly retreats into stale arguments from opinion pieces authored in 2013  — and better left there.  Let’s run through a quick checklist:  Bitcoin mining is “absurdly wasteful of natural resources.”  Check. Virtually no one accepts Bitcoin payments.  Check. Bitcoin is not a store of value.  Check. Bitcoin has no intrinsic worth.  Check. Bitcoin transactions are too slow and expensive.  Check and check.  Here’s the kicker, which is all the more comical now that the Nasdaq  — the world’s second-largest stock exchange  — has said that it is open to  launching a cryptocurrency exchange  once the market reaches greater maturity.  “Cryptocurrency is best-suited for one use: Criminal activity,” he claims at one point. “Most heavy users of bitcoin are criminals, such as Silk Road and WannaCry ransomware.”  That’s a curious claim, not only because institutions are increasingly warming to this nascent technology but also considering the fact that  Silk Road   — an infamous dark web marketplace that was among the first large platforms to employ Bitcoin payments on a large scale  — has been shut down for years.  Meanwhile,  WannaCry   — despite the vast media attention it garnered  — netted hackers just $116,000 worth of BTC, according to  research  that will be presented this June at the 17th Annual Workshop on the Economics of Information Security (WEIS).  Indeed, even the office of the Quebec government’s chief scientist has  acknowledged  that criminal activity involving Bitcoin is quite minuscule.  “Bitcoin is not above the law, nor is it a magnet for illicit transactions: it forms only a tiny part of the criminal money circulating around the planet,” the agency said in a fact-check published on its official website.  Harris’ claim is patently false, and it’s to the publication’s discredit that they published it without an editor’s clarification.  Notably, his view stands in marked contrast to those of PayPal co-founder and successor CEO Peter Thiel, who is  extremely bullish  on the flagship cryptocurrency. Thiel, like many investors, sees Bitcoin as a viable digital replacement for gold.  Meanwhile, PayPal itself has  patented a Bitcoin wallet  intended to reduce both the time and cost it takes to execute transactions, though it is unclear whether the company will build out this idea into a functional product.  The op-ed goes on to make several other tired claims, and Harris repeatedly conflates Bitcoin with initial coin offerings (ICOs).  “In what rational universe could someone simply issue electronic scrip — or just announce that they intend to and create, out of the blue, billions of dollars of value?,” he writes, referencing  Telegram ’s $1.7 billion ICO. “It makes no sense.”  That may or may not be a valid criticism of ICOs  — indeed, many within the cryptocurrency community have levied similar arguments  — but it has little to do with Bitcoin. Nevertheless, he repeatedly harps upon ICO fraud and other related criticisms as though they reflect on Bitcoin itself.  “All of this would be a comic sideshow if innocent people weren’t at risk. But ordinary people are investing some of their life savings in cryptocurrency. One stock brokerage is encouraging its customers to purchase bitcoin for their retirement accounts!,” he says, referencing  Robinhood   — which does not actually offer retirement accounts.  The horror.  I wonder if anyone has told him that two regulated exchanges have listed Bitcoin futures contracts  — or that numerous Wall Street firms actively working to list the first Bitcoin ETF.  Now that I think about it, perhaps a better title for this article would have been “ Old Man Yells at Bitcoin .”  Featured image from Youtube/ TWiT Netcast Network .  
INCREASE	   $140 Million in Bitcoin Moved from Mt.Gox Wallet This Morning Twitter  Approximately 16,000 BTC associated with the infamous and now-defunct Bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox were moved on Thursday, sparking speculation that the estate’s trustee is preparing to liquidate more coins.  The transactions  — worth nearly $141 million  — were first flagged by  CryptoGround   — a service that monitors Mt. Gox’s Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash wallets. Blockchain data indicates that the coins, which came from multiple addresses, were consolidated into a single wallet, with 0 BTC remaining in the source addresses.   Looks like 16k BTC from Mt Gox were consolidated to this address We obviously don 't know if they were sold or just moved for some other reason https://t.co/rr05Vn7Fnv   pic.twitter.com/eMS1vMCG3l  — Alistair Milne (@alistairmilne)  April 26, 2018   Notably, the 16,000 Bitcoin Cash stored that corresponded to those same addresses were moved as well. Those coins are worth approximately $21 million at the present exchange rate.  The transactions sparked questions about whether Nobuaki Kobayashi, the Tokyo lawyer in charge of Mt. Gox’s estate, is preparing to sell the funds in order to compensate the bankrupt company’s creditors.  As CCN  reported , Kobayashi revealed earlier this year that he had sold more than $400 million in BTC and BCH to cover the exchange’s JPY liabilities. He was sharply criticized for selling the coins on order-book cryptocurrency exchanges rather than through the over-the-counter (OTC) channels typically used by institutional traders, as large exchange orders can lead to rapid price swings that ripple throughout the global markets.  Some have speculated that Wednesday’s sharp market decline could have been spurred by Kobayashi selling the coins to an OTC buyer at a below-market rate. Though the coins would have only just been delivered today, the theoretical buyer could have sold coins already in their possession at the market rate, profiting from arbitrage but driving the price lower.  However, it’s also possible that Kobayashi is merely consolidating assets, and rumors that he is preparing to sell them or has already done so at this point remain pure speculation.  Meanwhile, many Mt. Gox creditors continue to advocate for the company to be moved out of bankruptcy and into  civil rehabilitation , which might allow them to be compensated directly in Bitcoin. At present, they stand to be compensated in fiat at $480/BTC, which is roughly the rate at which Bitcoin was trading when the firm entered bankruptcy.  The remaining funds  — which now number in the billions of dollars  — would likely go to former Mt. Gox CEO Mark Karpeles, who said in a  recent Reddit AMA  that he does not want them and desires to see the exchange move into civil rehabilitation.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Arizona Overhauls Blockchain Bill to Focus on Crypto Payments Twitter  An Arizona Senate bill that previously focused on state income tax is getting a makeover, the Senator who crafted the bill tells CCN.  Senator Warren Petersen, a Republican, said the bill is being redesigned to instead focus on point-of-sale crypto tax payments known as the transaction privilege tax (TPT) in the state. Arizona residents could be the first in the United States to make a purchase at the point-of-sale in bitcoin or an altcoin with the taxes on the transaction sent directly to the state.  The bill, which will continue to be called  SB 1091 , will be making its way through the State Legislature once again and is expected to make its way to the House floor within a couple of weeks, he said. If it passes, which  Senator Petersen expects there will be enough votes to make it through, Arizona will be hailed as a leader and innovator for cryptocurrency payments.  Senator Petersen agreed that adoption of blockchain technology has been sweeping the western United States, with his state and others taking the lead for innovation.  Meanwhile, cumbersome regulation across the country in New York has stifled innovation, which is something he is trying to avoid.  “New York was booming and then all of a sudden they had massive, burdensome regulations. More than 10 companies fled the state or shut down altogether. Arizona is not going to do that. We ’re going to encourage innovation and new ideas and technology. So this is part and parcel to that, ” Senator Petersen told CCN.  Mechanics of the Bill  With the changes to SB 1091, the bill becomes more broadly focused on cryptocurrency payments, which the Senator said is  “positive progress ” for the industry that will encourage people to use cryptocurrencies anywhere.  “We ’re going to allow TPT payments at the point of sale using blockchain technology. That means you are going to use blockchain technology but you ’re also going to have the ability to use that point-of-sale to pay with cryptocurrencies, cash, credit card  — whatever you pay with. There will be an immediate sales tax payment made to the state of Arizona, whether it ’s in cash, cryptocurrencies or credit card payment, ” Senator Petersen explained.  Senator Petersen ’s original idea for the bill applied to state income tax payments. It ’s clearly evolved and he says  “this is much more exciting. ”  “I think we will win the House and we ’ll have the votes to get to the finish line. It still has to come back to the Senate. It still has a ways to go. But I feel good about it. I feel more optimism about this getting signed than the income tax bill, ” he said.  Arizona Capitol image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Philippines Legalizes Cryptocurrency Exchanges in Economic Zone Twitter  The Philippine government is welcoming nearly a dozen cryptocurrency companies to operate in a special tax-friendly economic zone situated in close proximity to a number of neighboring countries.  According to a Reuters report, the Philippines will legalize the entry of 10 blockchain and cryptocurrency companies to operate in the Cagayan Economic Zone Authority (CEZA), a government-controlled economic zone that is within an hour’s flight away from the likes of Hong Kong, China, and Taiwan.  The government aims to woo cryptocurrency companies to operate out of the economic zone with tax benefits to help generate employment opportunities locally, Cagayan Economic Zone Authority chief Raul Lambino told Reuters.  Notably, the official confirmed that the government will also license – in effect legalize – the cryptocurrency firms in the special zone.  The companies will also be allowed to operate exchanges, offer initial coin offerings (ICOs) and engage in cryptocurrency mining within the zone, he added, stating:  We are about to license 10 platforms for cryptocurrency exchange. They are Japanese, Hong Kong, Malaysians, Koreans…They can go into cryptocurrency mining, initial coin offerings, or they can go into exchange.  There is a caveat, however. Any exchange of fiat money into cryptocurrencies or vice-versa should be conducted beyond Philippines’ borders to avoid infringing the country’s laws.  To aid in bringing jobs to those companies, the economic zone’s regulator is also considering establishing a new financial technology university in the economic zone with a specific focus on blockchain technology, Lambino added.  The embracive stance follows newly introduced rules by the CEZA in February which allowed cryptocurrency companies to legally establish offices and facilities in the special zone. To gain a license, companies must invest at least $ 1 million in the zone over two years and pay up to $100,000 in licensing fees.  Meanwhile, in the mainland, the Philippines’ central bank was previously known to be  reviewing the applications  of a dozen operators vying to register and launch cryptocurrency exchanges in the country as recently as December. It remains to be seen if these operators have since switched tact to register in the economic zone instead.  The Philippines became one of the earliest nations in the world  to publish regulations  for cryptocurrency exchanges in early 2017. The deputy director of the central bank, appearing in a televised interview in October 2017, lauded the ‘pioneering regulation’ and said bitcoin, as a monetary instrument, is “ fast, near real-time and convenient ”.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Binance CEO Zhao “Denies All” Sequoia Allegations in Hong Kong Lawsuit Twitter  Binance chief Zhao Changpeng, founder of the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange, has formally denied allegations made by venture capital firm Sequoia Capital about a failed funding deal.  As reported yesterday, a subsidiary of  Sequoia Capital China sued Zhao  in a Hong Kong lawsuit claiming the crypto exchange founder had violated terms of an exclusivity agreement by holding fundraising talks with other potential investors. It is believed that negotiations between the two parties broke down after Binance shareholders were left unimpressed by Sequoia’s valuation of Binance, at a proposed $80 million.  The dispute became public after Sequoia obtained a temporary injunction, in late December, to keep Zhao from engaging in negotiations with other firms, namely IDG Capital which is reported to have offered two cash injections of $400 million and $1 billion in valuing Binance far higher than Sequoia.  In a  statement  on Thursday, Binance confirmed that the ‘ex parte conjunction’ was obtained without notice to Zhao. However, Zhao challenged the injunction this month and the Hong Kong High court has since dismissed the judicial order.  Binance revealed:  [T]he High Court of Hong Kong has now determined that this injunction should not have been granted, as it had been improperly obtained and constituted an abuse of process by SCC (Sequoia Capital China).  “Mr. Zhao denies all of SCC’s allegations relating to the present dispute,” the announcement added, further stating the SCC was ordered by the Hong Kong High Court to pay for Zhao’s legal costs in relation to the injunction proceedings.  The two parties will continue to work on settling the dispute in arbitration,  the exchange  said.  Featured image from Youtube/ Boxmining .  
INCREASE	   Kyber Network and OmiseGo Surge 70% With Bithumb Integration as Bitcoin Dips Below $9,000 Twitter  Kyber Network (KNC) and OmiseGo (OMG) have surged by more than 73 percent and 32.5 percent respectively upon the announcement of South Korea’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange Bithumb’s integration.  Bithumb Jackpot  Earlier this year, Storm, an Ethereum-based ERC20 token project that incentivizes users for completing microtasks such as viewing advertisements on mobile phones or carrying out surveys, increased by more than 100 percent after its listing on Bithumb.   Today, on April 26, decentralized cryptocurrency exchange KNC and Ethereum-based scaling solution for finance OMG recorded massive gains in both volume and price prior to their listings on Bithumb.  The South Korean cryptocurrency exchange is expected to list both tokens at 11 pm GMT+8, approximately six hours later. The 11 pm listing of Bithumb means that the value of the two tokens have surged by more than 100 percent together merely due to the announcement of Bithumb, prior to the actual integration.  Upon the integration of the two tokens, the price of KNC and OMG could either surge even further and record bigger gains or plummet and demonstrate a steep dump. In the case of Storm, the momentum of the token continued throughout several days subsequent to the integration of Bithumb.  The jackpot listing of Bithumb may become a problem for both cryptocurrency investors and the company itself as blockchain projects will become desperate to be list their tokens on the South Korean exchange to experience the “Bithumb pump.” Similar to how Ripple had offered a $100 million deal to Coinbase to list XRP, Bithumb may receive attractive deals to integrate tokens.  Local cryptocurrency exchanges in South Korea including Bithumb and Korbit are known to have rigorous market research and evaluation processes to ensure each token or cryptocurrency they list appeal to the South Korean market. Establishing an orderbook for a particular cryptocurrency or token can be complex and expensive and local exchanges consider the verification process ext remely seriously.  According to sources, the listing of Zcash and Qtum on Bithumb took several months of market research and analysis before its development team decided to integrate the two tokens. Hence, the possibility of Bithumb adding tokens based on deceitful deals is low, as engaging in such a deal would leave Bithumb vulnerable to lawsuits and crackdown by local financial authorities for  market manipulation.  Bitcoin Trend  Yesterday, on April 25, the bitcoin price peaked at $9,700, recording a staggering $900 increase in value from $8,800. However, within the past 24 hours, the market deleted the gains bitcoin recorded on April 25 as the bitcoin price declined back to the $8,800 region rapidly. Sell orders overflowed on major cryptocurrency exchanges and bitcoin continued to fall below key resist ance levels.   At this juncture, it is unlikely that the bitcoin price reaches $10,000 by the end of the week or by the end of April. It is possible for the bitcoin price to enter the $10,000 region if it can recover back to $9,500 in the next several days but its volumes would have stay intact.  Click  here  for a real-time bitcoin price chart.  
INCREASE	   Samsung Reveals Record-Breaking Quarter Amid Crypto Mining Demand Twitter  Earlier this year, Samsung expanded into  mass producing ASIC chips f or bitcoin mining, and the move is already paying off.  Samsung had a blockbuster first quarter, as evidenced by the fourth straight quarter of record performance for operating income, the catalyst for which was demand for chips used in bitcoin mining. Samsung ’s  semiconductor business shined amid strong demand for graphic memory chips that helped to offset  “a weak smartphone market. ”  For the first quarter, Samsung reported an operating profit of 15.64 trillion Korean won, or $14.45 billion. Revenue of 60.56 trillion Korean won was fueled by Samsung ’s memory chip sales.  “In the semiconductor business, earnings increased significantly year-over-year thanks to favorable memory market conditions driven by a strong demand for server and graphic memory as well as earnings improvements in both System LSI and foundry businesses led by increasing demand for chips used in flagship smartphones and cryptocurrency mining, ” according to  Robert M. Yi, executive vice president of investor relations on Samsung ’s earnings call.  SeWon Chun, senior vice president of Samsung ’s semiconductor business for memory, echoed that sentiment, saying   “for graphics  … total demand increased thanks to strong demand from graphics cards and cryptocurrency mining. ”  Here are some of the highlights  –  In the foundry business, where cryptocurrencies are grouped,  “earnings grew as orders increased for high-performance computing chips. ” For Q2, earnings growth is expected to persist fueled by  “increased supply of 10nm products and high-performance computing chips ” For the second half 2018, a focus of the foundry business is to  “diversify the consumer base ”  Fiercely Competitive Market Landscape  Samsung ’s foundry business will be a bright spot in Q2 thanks to an expansion in  “supply of 10-nanometer processors and cryptocurrency mining chips. ” However, weakness in smartphone components may weigh on earnings results next quarter.  Samsung also provided its outlook for the second half of 2018, which it expects to be better than the first half fueled by its component business. Yi pointed to  “strong DRAM demand.  As for diversifying its consumer base,  CCN previously reported  that Samsung was supplying ASIC chips to Halong Mining, based on a tweet  by MyRig , an online mining rig retailer.  Samsung competes with Taiwan Semi in the ASIC market for bitcoin mining. Taiwan Semi is the supplier to mining giants like Bitmain and Canaan Creative, and revenue from this market reportedly bolstered the ASIC chip maker ’s quarterly sales by between $350 million and $450 million,  according to Tech Crunch . Samsung keeps its chip-mining revenue details close to the vest in this fiercely competitive market segment.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Parity Has ‘No Intention’ to Split Ethereum over $320 Million in Frozen ETH Twitter  Parity Technologies has “no intention to split the Ethereum chain” over a dispute involving more than $320 million worth of ETH that has been frozen for months due to a bug in a multi-signature wallet smart contract library, the company said in a statement.  In the  statement , which was attributed to Parity co-founders Jutta Steiner and Gavin Wood, the company stated in no uncertain terms that it has no intention to split the  Ethereum  blockchain  — much as the network fractured into Ethereum and Ethereum Classic in 2016  — to recover the lost funds.  They wrote:  “Let us make clear: we have no intention to split the Ethereum chain. We plan to continue to work with the community to find a path forward. We have all dedicated a great deal of time and effort to developing the Ethereum ecosystem, and have no intention of harming what we have helped build. ”  Nevertheless, Parity continues to promote a recovery process for the  ~513,000 ETH  that has been inaccessible since last year, when a software bug allowed an external user to self-destruct a wallet library contract that was referenced by nearly 600 multi-signature wallets.  More than half of those funds belong to the Web3 Foundation, which was founded by Gavin Wood, who along with his involvement with Parity is also Ethereum’s former chief technology officer.  From the statement:  “All of us at Parity Technologies are deeply sorry to the users who remain unable to access their ether as a result of a bug in our code. We have been in constant conversation with affected projects and believe that those in the community who have stuck ether, either through the wallet freeze or, for example, issues such as those listed in EIP-156, have a case for attempting to  recover the property. ”  To date, attempts to adopt a fork to recover the funds  — and in some cases create a standard recovery process for self-destructed smart contracts  — has been met with resistance within the Ethereum community.  Most recently, a Parity developer submitted  EIP-999 , an Ethereum Improvement Proposal (EIP) that would restore Parity’s self-destructed multi-signature wallet contract library  — and only Parity’s contract.  This EIP has proven no less contentious than previous proposals, and some developers fear that if it is included in a future Ethereum fork disgruntled users will refuse to upgrade to the new version of the software, splitting the network into two competing blockchains.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   BBVA Registers $91 Million Loan on Public Ethereum Blockchain Twitter  Spanish banking giant BBVA is laying claim to be the first global bank to issue a loan using blockchain technology by completing a pilot of the entire issuance process on not one, but two blockchains.  As Spain ’s second-biggest lender, BBVA has been exploring and launching blockchain applications in core banking processes and has now successfully completed a pilot involving the entire process of issuing a €75m ($91 million) corporate loan on two differing blockchains, the  Financial Times  reported Thursday.  The use of blockchain technology cut down loan negotiation time from “days to hours”, BBVA said. Notably, the bank revealed the use of a private blockchain for the negotiation and completion of the loan before registering it as a completed contract on the public Ethereum blockchain for immutability.  BBVA underlined the successful pilot as a “significant advance in the exploitation of [blockchain technology]” in the way both private and public blockchains can interact within and beyond the banking space.  While details are scarce on the private blockchain used, the report confirms that both parties’ – the bank and the borrower – negotiating terms were simultaneously recorded and updated on the mutual blockchain to keep each other abreast of the loan’s progress.  As quoted by FT, BBVA chief executive Carlos Torres Vila stated:  Blockchain can offer clear advantages for all sides in the corporate loan market in terms of efficiency, transparency, security. It’s another example of how disruptive technology can be used to add value to financial services, something that is central to our strategy.  BBVA’s latest implementation of blockchain tech follows a previous trial wherein the bank used crypto startup Ripple’s blockchain in a successful  real-world money remittance pilot  between Spain and Mexico. The pilot saw 50-euro-denominated payments from Spain to Mexico in a matter of seconds, compared to traditional banking wires that take up to 4 days.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Stellar Price Rallies 10% as Market Recovers from Wednesday Woes Twitter  The Stellar price rallied by 10 percent on Thursday, outpacing its peers as the market recovered from Wednesday ’s precipitous slump.  Stellar Price Embarks on Double-Digit Rally  Stellar  was the market ’s clear headliner, and its double-digit percentage advance carried its seven-day performance back into positive territory. XLM is now up three percent for the week.  At present, the Stellar price is valued at $0.37 on Binance after dipping below $0.33 earlier in the day. Stellar now has a $7 billion market cap, which ranks it eighth on the market cap charts and gives it a $1.8 billion edge on its closest competitor.  XLM Price Chart  Stellar trading volume is fairly well-distributed for an altcoin, with no single exchange accounting for more than a quarter of the token ’s global volume. That said, a significant amount of XLM trading is currently concentrated in South Korea, where it trades against the won at a slight premium over most other trading pairs.  Market Recovers from Wednesday Slump  Source: CoinMarketCap  There is no clear trigger for Stellar ’s single-day price rally, but it comes amidst a wider market recovery that has seen the  cryptocurrency market cap  inch back toward $400 billion after briefly dipping to $380 billion. At present, the overall market is valued at $395 billion, which represents an intraday recovery of approximately four percent.  Bitcoin and Litecoin remain in the red for the day, but the other eight cryptocurrencies in the top 10 have managed to rise against the US dollar. Stellar, however, is the only one to achieve a double-digit percentage advance.  The Ethereum price is up two percent for the day to $630, while the Ripple price has increased by one percent to $0.80.  Bitcoin Cash and EOS have each increased by four percent and are now trading at respective global averages of $1,326 and $14.53.  Seventh-ranked Cardano climbed by two percent to $0.27, and IOTA rallied three percent to $1.87.  NEO, tenth-largest cryptocurrency, rose by one-half-of-one percent to $71.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Spotlight: A Number of Crypto Influencers are Being Accused of Market Manipulation Twitter  Earlier today, a new steemit account by the name of  @cryptomedication  published a blog post featuring 76 screenshots of pump and dump telegram group chats.  The contents allege that  Bitcoin Bravado ,  CryptoGat ,  Peripheral ,  CryptoHornHairs ,  ParabolicMp ,  CryptoDog,  CryptoSignals, and others were colluding together to suppress prices of  HavenProtocol (XHV) , acquire a significant sum then promote to their respective followers in order to make a large profit. Several responses have been issued by the accused parties. BravadoGroup appears to have taken steps toward legal action. While the screenshots have not been independently verified, enough of the accused have acknowledged the existence of the messages to make me more than comf ortable penning this article.  What do the messages say?  Crypto Signals starts out by suggesting  “buying up a large portion of the supply with a group of people when the market cap is around 1mm [1 million] and then controlling price with suppression and so forth ” Several parties express interest and offer to put several bitcoin in Crypto Signals alleges several miners, a programmer to build the exchange bots and lots of capital are invested He follows this up by saying they should have  “enough to start controlling the orderbooks so we can just accumulate the rest through mining ” A new group chat Project xyz is formed. The screenshot contains a  link  to this chat, but it results in a 404 error. A google drive  document  is made offering 20 BTC for the scheme. The document appears to be made by Jeremy Spence. The only trace I could find of such a person was a now-deleted LinkedIn.  Here is a screenshot of the document:    Different exchanges to get the coin listed on are discussed.  BitFinex  is decided upon. Different coins are discussed since the price of XHV is pumping.  XRB  is decided upon as the new coin of choice. Different market manipulations are to be employed to get 20% of the coin and then it ’s to be pumped hard Peripheral  claims he is able to get it into the next bravado newsletter. Other claims are made about getting the coin on  CNBC More discussion about which coin to choose. The chat then ends and the rest of the screenshots are of group members telegram accounts  The fallout  ParabolicMp  replied to the tweet  saying  he didn ’t put a penny into the coin.  Another twitter user by the name of  Crypto Pigs   replied  to that tweet showing him attempting to make the aforementioned purchase of 5 BTC worth of XHV. ParabolicMp  also said,  “count me in ”. BitcoinBravado released a  16 page pdf  containing a statement distancing themselves from those involved. It also posted the entire DM history between  cryptomedication  and its founder. Those messages say the following: CryptoMedication became an unpaid analyst CryptoMedication accused BitcoinBravado of being sponsored by ncash and giving out false advice as part of a pump and dump. He claims BitcoinBravado has  “zero integrity ” and  an article he wrote about Ncash  is referenced CryptoMedication is demoted from analyst A fight ensues, both parties walk away without admitting fault After the article is posted, CryptoMedicated is DM ’d threatening legal action if he does not post a retraction.  Serial Shiller  co-founder of BitcoinBravado  said  he would sever all ties with  CryptoGat  and  Peripheral . CryptoGat  has not commented yet but retweeted BitcoinBravado ’s statement. CryptoDog   admits  he was in the group chat but did not take part in any market manipulation. He further asserts the questions he asked were so he could  “accumulate a good coin ”. I ’ve spoken to several sources who have said that they deleted the group chat several days ago. Peripheral  who claimed he could get the coin into the Bravado newsletter  retracted  this claim and claimed mentioning it was a mistake. He further said he ’d be releasing a statement soon. No statement was available at press time. CryptoHornHairs   claims  he participated in the conversation minimally and only checks it once a week. His claim on minimal participation in the conversation is valid. ParabolicMp  made a bunch of claims saying he did not promote the coin (which he did not). Several replies suggest this is because the coin had not yet been accumulated (which is a valid point). He also  claims  he deleted the group chat several days ago and that he never owned any XHV. CryptoSays  released a statement denying he does any shilling and saying he is moving on.  I ’ve spoken to a few of the participants involved in this story and they all claim that CryptoMedicated was coming at them for one thing or another. He ’s frequently asserted over DM he will outwork everyone. I ’ve also received screenshots of several members conversations with CryptoMedicated and they show threatening behavior on his part.  This story is developing …  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitmain Backs Circle ’s Stable Cryptocurrency With a $110 Million Funding Round Twitter  Bitmain, a multi-billion dollar cryptocurrency mining equipment manufacturer based in China, has led a $110 million Series E funding round for Circle, a blockchain-focused financial company, in support of Circle ’s short-term plan of launching a stable cryptocurrency that is in line with Bitmain ’s vision of establishing private central banks backed by cryptocurrencies.  Stable Cryptocurrency  Previously, Circle operated a brokerage service to enable users to purchase and sell cryptocurrencies like bitcoin with ease.   But, after obtaining more than $130 million in funding from Goldman Sachs and IDG Capital Partners, Circle pivoted to a more general money transferring company and has since utilized blockchain technology as the base layer of its infrastructure.  This week, Circle announced its re-entrance into the cryptocurrency sector with the backing of Bitmain, unravelling its ambitious plans to release a stable cryptocurrency to compete with USD-backed Tether, MakerDAO, and Basis, which also recently raised over $133 million venture capital firms,  as CCN previously reported.  Currently, Tether, which according to some reports has ties with major cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex, is dominating the cryptocurrency sector as the premier  stable coin  backed by the US dollar. Tether-to-BTC on Binance, the world’s most widely utilized cryptocurrency exchange, is the most frequently traded cryptocurrency pair on the platform which does not support fiat deposits and withdrawals.  In an interview with Joon Ian Wong of Quartz at Consensus 2018, where the company announced its investment in Circle, Bitmain founder and CEO Jihan Wu stated that Accell, General Catalyst, and IDG participated in the $110 million investment round.  “Our investment team is still quite small and we work fast,” Wu told Wong, noting that the funding round was closed within three weeks since the initiation of the discussion. Although Bitmain is focused on investing in blockchain projects as of recent, Wu stated that his team has worked in a swift manner with Circle to back its upcoming ventures.   During the interview, Wu emphasized that Bitmain’s investment in Circle was focused on the company’s plans to develop and deploy a stable cryptocurrency called Circle USDC, which will be backed by the USD, like Tether.  In previous interviews, Wu explained that he foresees the financial sector to cooperate alongside private central banks backed by cryptocurrencies, and the development of stable cryptocurrencies takes the possibility of establishing private central banks one step closer.  “It’s a very important enabler for a private central bank. Currencies can do good or bad things, so we need a certain framework to limit money laundering risks. If we have an open platform we can limit the potential negative things,”  Wu said.  Edge Over Tether  Bitmain is backing Circle ’s plan to create a competitor to USD-pegged  “stablecoin ” Tether.  Some  reports  by institutions like BitMEX research have been able to track the US dollar reserves of Tether to a bank in Puerto Rico called Noble Bank.  “Over the weekend, the Commissioner of Financial Institutions of Puerto Rico released aggregate financial-system data for the calendar year ended 2017. Bank deposits in the International Financial Entities (IFE) category, which includes Noble Bank, were $3.3 billion, up 248% in the quarter ended December 2017. Total assets in the category were $3.8 billion, up 161% in the quarter,” read the BitMEX research.  However, apart from the last audit from Friedman LLP in 2017, Tether has not released any audit results since. The struggle of Tether to release audit reports and clarify its USD holdings led speculators to emerge and investors to question the legitimacy of Tether.  Reports by BitMEX research and other independent media outlets have revealed that Tether is likely legitimate and its USD holdings are well managed by verifiable banks. But, the edge Circle may have over Tether is, given the involvement of Goldman Sachs and major cryptocurrency firms like Bitmain, it will be able to regularly provide audit results to provide solid evidence to investors about its holdings in US dollars.  Images from Shutterstock .  
INCREASE	   0x, Zilliqa, Aelf, and Ontology Record 10% Gains as Tokens Outperform Bitcoin Twitter  In yesterday’s report , CCN noted that Aelf, the decentralized cloud computing blockchain network developed by a team of Chinese developers, increased by more than 17 percent against bitcoin. Today, on May 20, the price of Aelf increased by another 10 percent, becoming the second best-performing cryptocurrency in the market for two straight days.  Trend of Tokens  Throughout May, tokens have demonstrated an intensified movement on both the upside and downside, following the price movement of bitcoin. As the price of declined, the value of tokens fell by substantially larger margins and as the price of bitcoin increased, the value of tokens surged significantly more than bitcoin.  Essentially, investing in tokens in a recovery period with extreme volatility and uncertainty is similar to leverage trading and depending on the price trend of bitcoin, the value of tokens can either plunge or surge by large margins.  On May 17, the bitcoin price reached a two-month low at $7,925 and as the bitcoin price fell, the price of Aelf (ELF) and 0x (ZRX) also fell to their monthly lows. However, as the bitcoin price rebounded from $7,925 to $8,300, ELF rose from 0.00014 BTC to 0.000162 BTC and ZRX rose from 0.00015 to 0.000174 BTC, both recording large gains against bitcoin.  Despite their 20 percent gains over the past 48 hours, the Relative Strength Index (RSI) of both ELF and ZRX are at around 55, signifying a neutral zone for the two tokens. ELF and ZRX are still in an ideal position to record a short-term rally as the exponential and simple moving averages of both tokens demonstrate a positive price trend in the upcoming days.  As of current, because the price of most alternative cryptocurrencies (altcoins) and tokens heavily rely on the short-term price trend of bitcoin, investors have to focus on the price movement of bitcoin throughout the next few days.   If the bitcoin price can sustain its momentum in the $8,400 region and break the $8,800 support level, it could enter the $9,000 region relatively quickly and secure a chance to surpass the $10,000 support level by the end of May. However, if the bitcoin price falls back below the $8,200 resistance level, it is possible that the bitcoin price falls back to the $7,900 region aga in, which is unlikely considering the stability in the price of bitcoin since May 18.  Bitcoin Trend  The price of bitcoin has not been able to secure sufficient momentum to test the $8,800 support level which eventually could lead the bitcoin price to the $10,000 region in the short-term. The struggle of bitcoin can be attributed to the concerns of investors on major exchanges like Bitfinex that have started to demand users to forfeit their tax IDs and social security number,  possibly due to increasing pressure from governments.  Although Bitfinex is not the biggest cryptocurrency exchange in the world, it is considered as one of the largest cryptocurrency-to-fiat exchange and the exchange ’s new taxation policy led investors to panic and become fearful towards gains tax that could be imposed by the financial authorities in their countries.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Mobile Simpsons Game Adds Bitcoin Mining, Annoying Blockchain Evangelist in Latest Update Twitter  Krusty has lost everything on bitcoin!  The March Towards Mass Adoption  Bitcoin is taking further steps towards mass adoption, now featuring in the popular freemium game,  The Simpsons: Tapped Out .  In the game, Homer has neglected his work, playing mobile games instead of monitoring Springfield nuclear power station.  In the new quest, called  Crypto Cool , added to the game this week, the player is first tasked with getting Martin to mention blockchain numerous times, without ever explain what it is. At one point during the dialogue, he says “I mined some bitcoin with my computer, and then the value went through the roof” and also says he had never heard of blockchain “until last week. But now I act like I’m an expert on it! ”  Once you ’ve completed this task, you will also be asked to encourage three youngsters to mine bitcoin on their computers.   The Simpsons : Tapped Out game adds an interesting new update. 👍  #bitcoin   pic.twitter.com/kbveN2jmT4  — Armin van Bitcoin ⚡ (@ArminVanBitcoin)  May 15, 2018   Bitcoin Mainstream Adoption  Notably, it isn’t the first time bitcoin has been mentioned in the popular cartoon ’s universe.  In a 2013 episode , when Krusty is asked by Lisa whether he is broke, he responds by saying that “all it takes is bad luck at the ponies, worse luck in the bitcoin markets…”  In a 2014 episode, bully Jimbo Jones is pictured on a billboard saying that he accepts bitcoin payments.  Being mentioned on the Simpsons represents a degree of mass media attention and a step towards mass adoption, which many investors and proponents of bitcoin believe to be critical to its long term success.  Other shows have started to  mention bitcoin  more often, too. It was mentioned in Family Guy in 2014 and Supernatural in the same year. It has also been mentioned in Almost Human, House of Cards, Person of Interest, and the Good Wife.  Tapped Out  The Simpsons: Tapped Out  is a mobile game available for iOS, Android, and Kindle Fire. It was launched in 2012 and is published by gaming giant EA Mobile. EA estimates that it has made more than $130 million since its launch, and while critics initially hit out at the game’s use of the Freemium model, alleging that the in-game micro-transactions required that players invest large sums of money to prog ress, it has continued to perform for EA, albeit at a reduced rate.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Prestigious London College Terminates Ties With IOTA Foundation Due to Legal Threats Twitter  University College London, better known as UCL has officially terminated its ties with the IOTA Foundation as a response to the legal threats made by IOTA foundation against cybersecurity researchers.  Patrick McCorry, a security researcher at UCL’s Initiative for CryptoCurrencies and Contracts, revealed the official statement from UCL which emphasized researchers should not fall victim to lawsuits for disclosing their findings and added that other universities and colleges should follow UCL and terminate ties with foundations that threaten researchers with lawsuits.  From UCL ’s  official statement :  “UCL Centre for Blockchain Technologies is no longer associated with the IOTA Foundation. In relation to recent news report, we reaffirm our support for open security research, as a prerequisite for understanding the assurances provided by any blockchain technology. It is inappropriate for security researchers to be subject to threats of legal action for disclosing their result s.”  IOTA Co-Founder Not Involved With IOTA Foundation  In February, Boston University’s Ethan Heilman along with a team of researchers at the Digital Currency Initiative (DCI) released a report exposing a flaw in IOTA’s hash function called Curl. The report, entitled “IOTA Vulnerability Report: Cryptanalysis of the Curl Hash Function Enabling Practical Signature Forgery Attacks on the IOTA Cryptocurrency,” said that the cryptograph y used by IOTA leaves the network vulnerable to forged signatures and potentially to stolen funds.  Almost immediately after the report was released, IOTA Co-founder Sergey Ivancheglo confirmed on social media that a team of lawyers is working to challenge the researchers and their findings.  Dan Guido, the security research firm CEO of Trail of Bits, told IEEE’s Morgen Peck that the emails sent by the IOTA Foundation were embarrassing for the project, as it lacked maturity and motivation for the foundation to improve their project and the vulnerabilities found in the IOTA protocol.  “I think the emails were extremely embarrassing for the IOTA project. They should convince anyone that IOTA lacks the technical leadership or, simply, the maturity to build their product,”  said Guido.  However, in an interview with CCN, IOTA Foundation confirmed that it had never threatened any researchers and that it encourages research within the cryptocurrency sector. More importantly, the IOTA Foundation noted that that while Sergey Ivancheglo is a co-founder of IOTA, he is not involved at all with the IOTA foundation.  “First of all I would like to clarify that IOTA Foundation is not involved at all, it is a personal business between me and Heilman. This is an important detail and in the future, talking about the matter, mention it, please, ” Ivancheglo stated in the past  on his blog post.  In response to the report written by Peck and the statements of Guido and Dudley,  IOTA co-founder Ivancheglo said  that only one side was told in the report of Peck and the IOTA Foundation does not agree with the assessment that it did not attack researchers.  Researchers Still Unhappy  Steven Murdoch, a security researcher at the University College London and VASCO, emphasized that it is not acceptable for any organization or project to threaten researchers with lawsuits for disclosing their findings.   “As someone who has been on the receiving end of legal threats for my research, I consider it important to be clear that it is unacceptable to intimidate researchers for disclosing security flaws in good faith,” said Murdoch.  IOTA ’s Response  When CCN reached out to IOTA, the IOTA Foundation stated that it stands by the statement made by IOTA founder David Sønstebø, which read:  “100% agree with you. I denounce such acts entirely and the IOTA Foundation has condemned it repeatedly. Another unacceptable act is to willfully drive a false narrative such as Patrick McCorry is doing here for his own agenda. ”  “An unfortunate side effect of the great promise from Distributed Ledger technologies and one of its applications (crypto) is a constant rivalry between projects for sheer profit, this permeates the entire space at the present and render legitimate topics as an afterthought, ” added Sønstebø.  The misunderstanding in the case of UCL and IOTA derives from the misinterpretation of the involvement of IOTA co-founder Ivancheglo in the IOTA Foundation. IOTA co-founders are not a part of the foundation, which is a non-profit organization, and the IOTA Foundation has emphasized that it is open to research and constructive criticism.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   More Whales, Bans, and an Optimistic Cookie Monster: This Week in Crypto Twitter  Let’s go over what happened in crypto last week.   Price Watch:  Bitcoin Price is down 1%  this week after dropping around $1,000 last week. The drop comes in stark contrast to what some  high-profile analysts  had predicted. Investors have been waiting patiently to regain the all-important $10,000 support level. Ethereum is up 5%  this week after being down around 8% last week. The price rise comes as Ethereum regains some momentum.  Steve Wozniak  came out as a bull this week saying Ethereum could be  “as influential as Apple ”. The  Enterprise Ethereum Alliance  also launched a new platform with  some important features  aimed at developers. The entire crypto market remained flat  this week after falling almost 10% this week. The move comes despite strong performances from  several Altcoins  and strong expectations due to historic price performance during  Consensus  with the conference normally resulting in double or triple digit price increases. Zcash Price up 50% on news of Gemini Listing:  Zcash, the 21st-largest cryptocurrency with a market cap of more than $1.4 billion, jumped more than 50% this week, according to CoinMarketCap, pushed by the news that the  Gemini exchange will list the cryptocurrency  next week.  Bulls  & Whales:  ‘Almost Irresponsible’ to Not Invest in Bitcoin :  Billionaire bitcoin bull  Michael Novogratz , founder and CEO of Galaxy Digital Capital Management, says every investor should have 1% to 2% of their portfolio in cryptocurrency. Not to do so, he told  CNN , is “almost irresponsible.” “No Future in Traditional Finance ”  –  Barclays Trader : Traders at top finance firms are taking massive pay cuts to move to crypto firms. We also reported on the same thing happening at  JP Morgan . Cookie Monster Talks  Bitcoin : I ’ll let you check this one out for yourself. Turns out, he ’s a big bull! More Whales are Diving into Crypto :  JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs, Bank of America and other large corporations are are all diving into cryptocurrencies. 47% of South Africans Plan to Invest in Cryptocurrencies   With  extremely optimistic  growth projections for the African continent the influx of capital could be huge. Bitcoin Price to Hit $50,000 in 2018  – BitMEX CEO :  Arthur Hayes, the co-founder and CEO of Seychelles-based BitMEX, the bitcoin mercantile exchange, has a bullish prediction for the bitcoin price, which he believes will skyrocket to $50,000 by year-end 2018. Coinbase Building More Products for Whales :  Coinbase announced a partnership with an SEC-regulated broker-dealer for third-party auditing and financial reporting validation. The custodial product offering maintains a high standard of reporting validation that institutional firms require in broker-dealer relationships. Japanese Giant Announces Cryptoasset Custody Service :  A global venture called Komainu has been created to provide a secure digital asset custody solution for institutional investors.  Bears:  Jack Ma Joins the Bitcoin Bashing Brigade :  The Alibaba founder said during the World Smart Conference in Tianjin that bitcoin is a bubble. He remains positive on blockchain as a data privacy solution. ‘Big Short’ Investor Bashes Bitcoin : Wall Street veteran Steve Eisman rose to fame by shorting the sub-prime mortgage market ahead of last decade’s financial crisis. He ’s arguing that only use cases for cryptocurrency are speculative investing and money laundering. Paypal Claims Bitcoin Price too Volatile for Merchants : The bitcoin price is too volatile to make it a useful payment tool for merchants, PayPal CFO John Rainey claimed in a recent interview. He joins a long line of Paypal executives who have bashed cryptocurrencies.  Crackdowns:  Indian Cryptocurrency Exchanges Fighting Back :  Following the Reserve Bank of India ’s  blanket ban  on purchasing cryptocurrencies last month, the exchanges are fighting back. While some are outright ignoring the banks statements, others are moving from Crypto-Fiat to Crypto-Crypto trades. Kazakhstan President wants U.N. to Issue Crypto Rules :  The president of Kazakhstan, Nursultan Nazarbayev, is urging the global community to work together to draft common rules regarding the use of cryptocurrencies. Bing Bans Crypto Ads :  Search engine Bing has joined social media giants Google, Twitter, and Facebook in banning cryptocurrency advertising, citing the need to protect users from scams.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Opinion: The Bubble is Not Bitcoin Twitter  Although the market is positive overall, at the time of writing, the sentiment is quite negative. Maybe due to the high expectations over Consensus, which did not create that much demand over bitcoin, at least not as much as it happened during previous years.   I understand it’s your money that is at stake and the market has been quite bearish. But it’s also mine and everyone else’s who decided to change from fiat-currency to cryptocurrency. To most people you know bitcoin is an investment vehicle; maybe a bit more worrying, is the fact that the focus is not even bitcoin anymore, it’s mostly altcoins. Where else we could we get those massive gains (bruh)?  But greed comes at a cost.  I love new ideas, new projects, new ways of thinking and innovation in general. I also love the concept of decentralizing trust and money and the super-power/super-responsibility that comes with it.  Obviously, the debate is considerably more interesting when the total marketcap of (insert top-10 project name) is worth billions.  At some point we need to stop and ask ourselves, how happy are we with the actual progress of the cryptocurrency space? So many companies have surged, yet where is the real change? Is there a bubble or is the market undervalued? Is price aligned with technology development and adoption, in any way?  More importantly:  Can you still go to the moon?   –this article shouldn’t be taken as financial advisement as it represents my personal opinion and views. I have savings invested in cryptocurrency so take whatever I write with a grain of salt. Do not invest what you cannot afford to lose and always read as much as possible about a project before investing. Never forget: with great power, comes great responsibility. Being your own bank means you’re always responsible for your own money –  I have absolutely no idea, plus I couldn’t care less. Don’t take me wrong, I hope the market turns bullish and we do see a massive bull-run, breaking the CME futures market trend of keeping Bitcoin below 10k. I hope all projects deliver upon their promises. I hope price, technology development and business development align themselves. My desire is that everything works out just fine and everyone who invested takes home some profit.  The problem is, of course, reality works a little bit differently.  Maybe in a different universe where we make no bad choices and aren’t greedy by nature, that could happen.  What I see is many projects being clearly overvalued, a definite lack of research on actual proven concepts and too much money wasted on marketing campaigns, ads, advisors, ICO trackers, paid promotional content instead of focusing on actual product development and fixing important issues.  “In order to make money, you need to spend money”  Sure. Welcome to the VC western mentality world.  You either think big or go home, right?  No. That’s not why I joined cryptocurrency.  I do want to make money, get rich and don’t have to worry about anything else for the rest of my days, focusing only at doing what I love. But there are many ways of achieving that goal. You don’t need 1000 BTC to start a decentralizing (whatever business) platform with economic incentives. Or at least you shouldn’t. One of the things that drive my passion towards cryptocurrency is what’s about to come: when people with an actual need for the technology start participating, hordes at a time.  Sure, our gains are important. But there’s something way bigger coming which will influence the entire marketcap.  Imagine when those 33% unbanked people around the world realize they can simply download an app and get paid in a currency accepted everywhere. The true beauty of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies remains to be its decentralized, permissionless and transparent nature.  But in order for that to happen, we might need to put greed aside for a second and think of ways of better-redistributing money. If you don’t see how that is important for your personal gain, let me clarify.  Think of what happens when you include 2.3 billion people on the financial system.  Can you even do it?  I cannot conceptualize the impact on our daily lives, but from a financial standpoint, this is what I see: 2.3 billion more customers for every business, potentially. By financially including people who did not have a chance to participate in the world economy, you can now reach new customers everywhere; because the means of exchanging are borderless and permissionless, no one can be blocked from exchanging value and services. The digitalization of the world, via mobile smart-phones with internet access, could change how we do business forever.  For example, if you do business in Africa or Latin American countries you might know it’s near impossible to take money away, due to the many currency-related restrictions. You can now hop over that problem, just by transacting in cryptocurrency.  Or maybe if you’re willing to train a whole new workforce, who needs much less cash to sustain an acceptable standard of living. It might not be easy but with the right set of tools, motivation and people we might see new specialized businesses flourishing through developing countries.  How will cryptocurrency change jobs and economies worldwide?  In order to get to the bottom of that question, first we need to worry about adoption.  I personally believe there are 3 reasons that could lead to potentially increasing worldwide adoption of cryptocurrency:  A Better User Interface; A Better redistribution of money; Standardized multisig/escrow contracts.  If you think I forgot about scalability, transaction fees or block size, please rest assured I haven’t. To me those aren’t real problems; as the network grows in security (more miners), user adoption and developer community, I believe we will see those issues getting resolved. Some others will appear, of course, but that’s the nature of innovation.   You need to break stuff in order to build new things so it’s not the tech problems that frighten me, to be honest; the values and paths we choose to support our decision-making, that is what concerns me. But we’ll get into that in a bit.  So, why is User Interface at the top? Simple answer: would you be able to use the internet without DNS being active? If you do not understand the question, let me rephrase it: how easy would it be to, instead of accessing  https://ccn.com , you would have to know a bunch of different IP addresses to be able to connect to the provider website? I’m sure you wouldn’t like that at all.  Killer user-friendly apps, which make the bridge between the infrastructure and the user are the key which might unlock this puzzle.  The first real challenge is making cryptocurrency indistinguishable from digital fiat-currency. We need ways to safe-guard users from making bad decisions, like not keeping their private keys safe, accessing websites via ads, or keeping their entire assets in a single place. To achieve that, we have two main schools of thought to follow.  Learning by doing or, Regulating the markets.  As regulation is usually the way to avoid, especially during the early development stages of any new technology, we should educate people and allow them to make bad decisions. It’s hard to lose your money, I have been there. I have also been scammed, tricked, made bad decisions on where to store my money, lost private keys and so on. What’s the only good thing about it? Each time I failed I learned something that helped me making better decisions in the future.  What  “experts”  usually don’t say is that you shouldn’t be afraid to fail, especially if you’re starting in a new field.  Consider the following: the sooner you fail the sooner you learn. This is, if I had not made all those mistakes back in the day, I would probably do them later on. And I could have lost way, way more money!  The hardest lesson we all learn with time is that there are no safeguards in real-life. A stupid comment on twitter can lose you your job; a click in the wrong ad can infect your laptop; just being in the wrong place at the wrong time can change your life drastically.  We need to accept we don’t control most things that come our way. We’re either prepared to deal with them or we’re not. One thing I’m pretty sure of: blocking people from investing because it’s in their best interest is just dumb.  Why?  For one, how is it ok we allow some guys sitting at a table somewhere think they know better? Oh I see, they’re “protecting” us. If it isn’t morally wrong or illegal, don’t even try to tell me what to do. Let me do stupid stuff and make incredibly irrational decisions. That’s how I learn.   I mean..  If it’s ok to gamble, it should be ok to buy cryptocurrency.  If it’s ok to share my data with the highest bidder, it should be ok to let me monetize it as I see fit.  Secondly, everyone makes bad decisions at some point. No exceptions here. If someone tells you how certain they are about a certain event, run like the wind. Honestly, nothing is for certain, much less an unregulated market subject to the will of the whales and institutional investors. I mean, when JP Morgan comes out saying “ We’re considering entering the crypto market ” it means they’re already in, as most of you know.  People are greedy by nature, right? Banks, institutions, corporations, any type of organization are just groups of people trying to get the maximum utility of each play.  Sometimes, even the greatest people make the most stupid mistakes.  Do you follow, for example, the brilliant Andreas Antonopoulos? I’m sure if you do, you think highly of him. Did you know his co-author on “Mastering Bitcoin”, a blockchain bibble for so many crypto-enthusiasts, was the person responsible for creating Parity? Which got hacked not so long ago?  Do you think he was an idiot for trusting such a person to be his co-author?  This is the harsh truth you don’t read many times. People make mistakes and bad things happen. What matters are the intentions and values on which decisions were made.  Either a commercial airplane pilot who wasn’t able to account for time correctly or a doctor who failed to diagnose a disease, people sometimes make bad decisions that lead to destructive outcomes. Those events, however, can have a positive impact on future generations, because Human Beings have the capability to learn from theirs and others’ mistakes. Critical thinking is key for cryptocurrency, as we cannot impose too many regulations on something that is already internally regulated. That’s why Bitcoin works, as its internal consensus mechanics promote good behaviour and punish bad actors.  If you wonder why we might need to slow down on regulation think of what the current state of finance is doing to the world. There is a clear separation and segregation of classes as the rich can invest while the poor can only work for a pay-check.  Screw that. Make money work for you. This is not a new idea, not even related to cryptocurrency at all, but it’s an important mmindsetto have. Maybe the story of rich-dad, poor-dad can be an inspiration to you, regarding how to look at money.  Now, let’s get back on track at the question at hand.  How can we better redistribute money?  –I hope you don’t judge my rant too seriously; sometimes we just need to let it all out—  Bitcoin initiated a process of rewarding participants for securing the network. That’s already pretty cool and quite an achievement, but we need to aim at doing it better. Right now you need special hardware to maintain the security of the network. In time, I hope the mechanics change in order to allow for more people to be rewarded for maintaining the network’s security. Real change, in my opinion, will come from different proof-of-consensus. For example, there might be a different implementation that requires all participants to secure the network. This is, anyone who participates needs to validate transactions at some point, getting rewarded to do it.  Currently ,the logic dictates you need to spend energy to maintain the network’s security, which is a fair trade-off. But other logics might appear with different goals. What if instead of energy you staked your time or attention? You do not need a massive data structure change, like switching from a blockchain to a DAG or Hashgraph, to improve consensus mechanics by giving more rewards to users.  If everyone agrees to a change in the protocol rules you can potentially just fork bitcoin into a new proof-of-work mechanic, rewarding everyone who already participates in the current bitcoin blockchain (like bitcoin cash, private, gold etc).  There are of course opinions against keeping doing hardforks, as it potentially  “steals”  hashing power from the main network. But hey, that’s a feature of decentralization. People should be able to do whatever the hell they want. If someone believes they have a better way of reaching consensus, let them try. I understand the current feeling is many projects are just forking Bitcoin so that founders and early adopters get rich quick.  Is that a lie? I doubt it. Again, we humans are quite greedy. That doesn’t refute the fact hardforks can have a potential good outcome!  If the overall goal is to improve the network, adoption and user reward why wouldn’t you do it?! I hope people try new things, as it’s the only way to achieve the best possible outcome for everybody.  let ’s get crazy for a second, shall we?  Tokenizing the world economy  Another potential solution is if businesses everywhere start adopting a different mentality. What if instead of giving people equity, you can give them a direct way to make money by using your product/services? I understand it’s hard to conceptualize a token which has no real value, as it’s not connected to an organization’s equity, but try to see it from a different perspective: you can now  purposely give away tokens to users, for free, as they use your product or service. Those tokens could let them vote upon governance, reward them with a fixed income or allow them to donate back tokens so you can build new features or maximize your business utility.  The goal here would be to directly redistribute gains, for example, among the people who support your network: users.  Those users can be anyone, your suppliers, buyers, employees, investors, etc. Everyone who interacts with your business could potentially be rewarded for participating.  Imagine not having just a source of income, but potentially dozens at the same time, just from sharing your data, buying products, using services or interacting with a network. We could completely shift how the world works by literally giving back to your network. We now have a chance to shift from measuring wealth in profits to measuring wealth in network users. Because all users would have tokens!  As crypto-assets are inter-changeable, everyone can easily exchange them for digital cash. Or any other digital asset you see fit. Maybe instead of having 150 currencies, we will end up with hundreds or thousands of digital assets, all of which could potentially be exchanged amongst themselves.  We now come to the final point that can greatly influence overall adoption.  Standardized multisig/escrow contracts  Although this point would definitely work “under the blockchain hood”, its key for people to trust each other. Meaning, only with standardized and trusted contracts deployed, which use a very easy and friendly interface, we actually have a chance of people trusting the entire system. It’s pretty cocky to say “the blockchain can’t be hacked” when software and websites built over it, could.  We can’t forget we still live in an analogue world. People still lookup to institutions and governments for guidance and expect them to behave according to everyone’s best interest and their intrinsic values.  The issue is that sometimes, leaders forget those values they swore to abide to when making decisions and base them solely on personal gain. To destroy that mentality we also need a solid and stable infrastructure aligned with a set of organizations lead by people who do not care about personal gain. Hence I understand the role Vitalik, David, Dan or Charles play at their projects.  How achievable is that goal?  It will depend, again, on all of us. If we promote and invest in projects just for gains, not caring about the purpose or goal, then I don’t see a real future. If we make an effort to bet on projects and people who put the benefit of the many ahead of their own, then I do. I think it’s up to us to let good projects and ideas live, bad ones to die and mistakes to happen.  Someone said if we do good deeds the world responds in kind.  For more than 2 centuries we had a system that only worked in some parts of the world, it wasn’t all inclusive, it was permissioned and required people to identify themselves to participate. We had a system that did not work 24/7 nor did it reward participants. Come to think about it, no one born after 2008 will ever live in a world where fiat-money is the only option. That ’s somehow reassuring.  Things have changed and we all must make an effort to turn this market into a huge success. From investors, to developers and from miners to users, it’s up to all of us as individuals to promote good agents and to punish bad actors.  Don’t forget: the more selfish your actions are the worst the overall outcome for the most. I understand that for some of us to win, others need to lose; that’s just how balance works. Except this time the winners can be the many and the losers the few.  I know it’s a bit of a stretch, but who knows? With a different attitude comes a different outcome.  Is Bitcoin a bubble?  No. Our immense greed and money lust is. If you fear the market will collapse think of the Internet bubble.  Do you remember how it ended?   Great. Now think of how you’re reading this article.  No bubble will destroy bitcoin, we’ve been there already. Now, if there is a bubble it means we weren’t able to control our greed for quick profits and allowed for enormous over-valued silly projects to emerge. Just like during the 2000s.  The only good thing is that with any failure comes an important lesson.   My only conclusion is that Bitcoin is the new digital internet money. No one was ever able to stop P2P file-sharing; do you really expect cryptocurrency will be any different? If there’s a 51% attack, the network simply forks. Or you switch to a different cryptocurrency.  I mean, do you really want to kill Bitcoin?  Try shutting down the internet.  Bitcoin isn ’t the bubble. We are.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Goldman Sachs CEO Blankfein to Step Down, Bestowing Complex Bitcoin Relationship Twitter  Lloyd Blankfein, 63, is expected to step down as CEO of Goldman Sachs in December, leaving the bank’s future uncertain in several ways, including its relationship with bitcoin.  The New York Times  reported that Blankfein will likely depart following the company’s December annual dinner for retired partners. While the bank earlier this month  announced plans for a bitcoin trading desk  and a futures contract tied to bitcoin, its embrace of bitcoin has been undermined by Blankfein’s stated doubts.  Blankfein ’s Doubts  In late November,  he called bitcoin a tool for fraud  when its price reached $10,000, amidst reports the company was exploring a cryptocurrency trading desk. He denied the company had a bitcoin strategy and said the cryptocurrency’s volatility made it a bad store of value. If it stops fluctuating 20% in a day, he said he’d reconsider.  Blankfein had said previously he was “open” to bitcoin and that he would not allow his own opinions to impact the company’s strategy.  In early November, he said  bitcoin could prove to be the “next step”  in money’s evolution. While he was uncomfortable with bitcoin, he said he felt the same skepticism with cell phones when he first encountered them.  Over the years, he noted, he has learned a lot of things work out that he does not love. He went as far as to say that in the new world, it is possible a consensual arrangement about value could exist rather than a government fiat. If bitcoin did become mainstream, he said it would be hard money’s natural evolution.  Then in mid-November, he said he didn’t like bitcoin and it could be a bubble.  The future without Blankfein remains unclear.  A Goldman Sachs spokesperson said most people involved in the bitcoin operation are still skeptical about it.  Bank Acknowledges Activity, Cites Uncertainty  The company disclosed in a Feb. 26 filing with the SEC that its cryptocurrency and blockchain related investments and its intention to support clients’ bitcoin futures trades could hurt the company should there be issues with blockchain protocols.  Bitcoin, however, is only one of many uncertainties the bank faces going forward.  Its mergers and acquisitions advising is far less profitable than before the financial crisis, The New York Times reported, and consumer and investment banking aren’t large enough to make up the difference.  The bank has since bolstered its investment banking into mid-size cities and expanded its online lending and currencies and commodities trading for big corporations.  Featured image from Flickr.  
INCREASE	   How Bitfinex ’s Tax Requirement May Have Contributed to the Bitcoin Price Correction Twitter  On May 17, one of the world’s largest cryptocurrency and bitcoin exchange Bitfinex officially asked its users to  submit tax IDs  and social security numbers that could be utilized by government agencies in the countries its users are based into tax gains recorded in the cryptocurrency market.  “We request that you complete the appropriate self-certification form and upload it to your Bitfinex account by May 24, 2018, at the latest. If you are a US person or an entity with at least one 25 percent owner who is a US person, please complete the appropriate FATCA form. You are required to provide us with such information,” said Bitfinex.  Targeted Users  Whalepool, a community of day traders focused mainly on bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies on Bitfinex, emphasized that they strongly disavow the decision of Bitfinex and have withdrawn their funds from the exchange.  “Bitfinex is now requiring users to give their tax information so that it can send it to BVI which will exchange it with your country ’s tax authorities. We strongly disavow. If you also disagree with this decision, peacefully protest it by withdrawing your money from Bitfinex,” the Whalepool team said.  In response to the statement of Whalepool, the Bitfinex team noted that it has “deliberately targeted users” that it believes have an obligation to self-disclose and emphasized that only a portion of the Bitfinex user base was asked to disclose their tax identification and personal information.  In some regions like the US and France, capital gains tax on cryptocurrency investment is quite substantial. Until this month, the gains tax imposed on cryptocurrency trading was 45 percent, which  was decreased to 19 percent by France’s Council of State  because investors were not willing to disclose their earnings just to be taxed 45 percent.  In consideration of the high capital gains tax imposed on cryptocurrency trading, it is understandable that investors in the global cryptocurrency market try to avoid disclosing their tax IDs and prevent from being forced to pay abnormally large taxes on trades.  The abrupt decision of Bitfinex led the cryptocurrency market and investors that trade the bitcoin-to-USD, which is still the majority of investors in the market, to panic sell and withdraw their funds out of Bitfinex.  According to CryptoCompare, a cryptocurrency market data provider, Bitfinex remains as the biggest bitcoin-to-USD exchange with more than 29 percent of the market share.   Bitcoin Price Falls  The period in which Bitfinex sent out its official statement to its clients coincided with the fall in the price of bitcoin on May 17, when the bitcoin price reached a two-month low at $7,925. It is highly likely that the price drop of bitcoin was largely caused by Bitfinex and the sell-off of investors on the platform trading the bitcoin-to-USD pair.  The cryptocurrency market still remains extremely volatile. Over the past 24 hours, the daily trading volume of the cryptocurrency market has dropped $5 billion, from $21 billion to $16 billion. As such, it is possible that the bitcoin price falls further below from the current rate at $8,320. But, given that the market has already started to recover from the May 17 dip, it is likely that the bitcoin price rebounds soon, along with other major cryptocurrencies and tokens.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Crypto Utopia: Man-Made Floating Pacific Islands Will Accept Cryptocurrency Twitter  Suffocating under your government ’s strict business and monetary policies? Head to the seas. To be more precise, create an island of your own that has its own government and uses cryptocurrency as its main tender.  The oceans are the solution to a heavily polluted planet and policies that harm business growth. The startups BlueFrontiers and Seasteading (a clever pun on  “homesteading ”) are creating man-made islands that will support over 300 homes and have their own forms of government and currency.  Island Concept. Source: www.blue-frontiers.com/en/varyon  Cryptocurrency is becoming a first-choice currency for utopia builders like Elon Musk, who need an efficient, non-physical tender.  According to Blue Frontier ’s  website :  Our mission is to further the long term-growth of the seasteading movement. Our current focus is to enable the first seasteads by researching critical engineering, legal and business challenges, increasing public awareness, and building a core seasteading community.  The project has chosen the Polynesian Islands as the starting point. Nathalie Mezza-Garcia, a researcher at Blue Frontiers,  spoke  with CNBC about the location.  “There is significance to this project being trialed in the Polynesian Islands. This is the region where land is resting on coral and will disappear with rising sea levels, ” Mezza-Garcia said.  The initial project will serve as a testing grounds for future floating systems.  “Once we can see how this first island works, we will have a proof of concept to plan for islands to house climate refugees, ” she said.  Blue Frontiers has also launched an ICO for a token to raise capital. As  stated ,  Blue Frontiers is planning to use the proceeds of the sale to expand its ecosystem and create SeaZones and seasteads, and will only accept Varyon (VAR) for its products and services.  So much for a completely open governance framework, since the project and  white paper  aren ’t open to other cryptocurrencies for trade.  The seafasting project has been mentioned in Nature, the New York Times, and the Wall Street Journal.  Though seafasting sounds like it ’s come straight out of a sci-fi novel, it could potentially butt heads with governments. As CCN  reported , the crackdown on cryptocurrencies probably won ’t conviently ignore man-made islands. However, the project could take notes on measures that the Caribbean islands has  taken  to encourage crypto business. Their pro-bitcoin stance has attracted to the islands a utopia of their own, with bitcoin whales moving in, startups, and venture capitol.  Smaller governments with regulation flexibility (such as on island territories) are in a unique position for making easier regulations for crpyto businesses when larger countries have a lot of political and central bank bureaucracies that  hinder  progress.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Exchange Huobi Expanding to Brazil: Report Twitter  Major cryptocurrency exchange Huobi is reportedly expanding its operations to Brazil, as the exchange is said to be marketing its platform in the country, while attempting to hire regional staff after setting up a workspace in São Paulo.  According to local news outlet  Portal do Bitcoin , Huobi representatives were seen handing out business cards at VI Bitconf, a cryptocurrency conference held in São Paulo, Brazil, in which BCH proponent Roger Ver pumped the cryptocurrency and  slammed Venezuela’s oil-backed Petro.  Per the news outlet, Huobi has been contacting “well-known names in the Brazilian market,” and has set up a workspace in São Paulo using offices provided by We Work. While there’s no official information on Huobi’s end, Portal do Bitcoin claims the exchange will start operating in the country by the end of this year.  On LinkedIn, the Singapore-based firm is looking to hire a  Chief Compliance Officer , whose functions will revolve around monitoring the company’s operations to identify irregularities and illicit activities. Another ad shows Huobi is hiring a  Digital Marketing Manager , whose role will involve helping the company develop its brand in the ocuntry.  At press time, Huobi ranks as the world’s third-largest cryptocurrency exchange, after processing a $1.1 billion trading volume in the last 24-hour period, according to  CoinMarketCap .  Cryptocurrency exchange Huobi is making a targeted push at global expansion, even as the market continues to endure a bearish cycle.  As covered by CCN, the company has already started  expanding its operations into Canada  as it sees it “emerging as a leading blockchain nation.” At the time, Huobi Canada’s general manager Ross Zhang stated:  “Establishing Huobi’s first Canadian offices in Toronto is a continued effort to help the blockchain industry become more credible so that mass adoption can come sooner.”  Back in January, the exchange revealed it was opening a branch in San Francisco, which saw it register with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) two months later, as a money services business (MSB), so it could then offer crypto-to-crypto trading in the US.  Earlier this month Huobi Labs – the company’s blockchain incubator – revealed it signed a strategic partnership with Tianya Community, in order to establish a  $1 billion blockchain fund  in China’s Hainan province.  Huobi’s presence in Brazil is going to make competition tougher in the country. Foxbit, the country ’s largest cryptocurrency exchange, lost 58 BTC earlier this year after hackers exploited the platform ’s  poor security practices .  Besides existing cryptocurrency exchanges, the Singapore-based firm may have to compete with Brazil’s biggest investment firm, XP Investimentos, which is also  set to launch a cryptocurrency exchange . If both exchanges allow users to trade using the country’s fiat currency, the Brazilian Real, the market will see unprecedented liquidity.  Images from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   India Won’t Pay for Venezuelan Oil With ‘Petro’ Cryptocurrency Twitter  Despite being offered a reported 30% discount in crude oil imports from Venezuela for payment in petro, India has no plans to use the South American nation’s cryptocurrency after being hindered by its central bank crypto curbs.  Indian foreign minister Sushma Swaraj was addressed reporters during a news conference this week when she was asked about a Venezuelan trade deal involving crude oil and a  reported discount of 30 percent  contingent on the purchase being made with the petro, Venezuela’s state cryptocurrency.  In response, the Indian foreign minister said the country has no plans to use the petro in purchasing oil, citing an order from India’s central bank which does not permit trade using cryptocurrency.  The Indian official  reportedly  stated:  “We cannot have any trade in cryptocurrency as it is banned by the Reserve Bank of India. We will see which medium we can use for trade. ”  The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), India’s central bank,  announced a crippling policy  in April mandating RBI-regulated financial institutions prohibit their clients and users from purchasing cryptocurrencies. Banks were also barred from providing services to businesses “dealing with or settling” cryptocurrencies.  While it isn’t explicitly stated that the ban extends to transactions settled in cryptocurrency, there is no surprise in the Indian government opting not make a trade deal in the petro despite the substantial discount offered.  Venezuela has the world’s largest oil reserves for any nation and  announced  its oil-backed cryptocurrency, the petro, in December in what would soon become the world’s first state cryptocurrency. Devised as a payment instrument to combat the economic sanctions and a US-led financial blockade, the cryptocurrency has seen  plenty of criticism  from within the country. In March, Venezuela’s National Assembly declared the ‘unconstitutional’ petro ‘ a fraud ’.  Notably, India isn’t fussed about US sanctions facing Venezuela and Iran, the latter which has now become India’s  top crude oil supplier .  “India follows only UN sanctions, and not unilateral sanctions by any country,” Swaraj added, insisting India would continue to trade with Venezuela despite oil imports from the South American nation being at their  lowest levels  in over five years.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Washington-Based Bittrex Lists USD Trading Pairs after Landing Banking Partner Twitter  Prominent US cryptocurrency exchange Bittrex will offer USD trading pairs to customers in select states now that it has found a banking partner, the firm announced on Thursday.  Bloomberg  reports that the Seattle-based exchange has signed a banking agreement with New York-based financial institution Signature Bank that will allow it to begin accepting USD deposits and listing cryptocurrencies for trading directly against the dollar.  Since its founding in 2013,  Bittrex  has served as a “crypto-to-crypto” exchange, facilitating trading between different cryptocurrencies but not against fiat currencies. The venue has listed  USDT , a dollar-pegged “stablecoin” created by blockchain startup Tether, but this token cannot currently be reliably redeemed for physical greenbacks.  The exchange currently ranks as the world’s 18th-largest cryptocurrency exchange, with a daily volume of approximately $100 million. This will likely increase, now that the platform has become one of a small group of venues to support fiat-to-crypto trading.  “It’s been a long path,” Bittrex CEO Bill Shihara told the publication. “It’s not just about banks being able to trust Bittrex. It’s about banks being able to trust crypto in general. And I think it’s really showing that crypto is turning the corner in terms of mainstream acceptance.”  Finding a banking partner has long been a struggle for cryptocurrency exchanges, as most institutions are hesitant to service companies involved in an industry that is often perceived (perhaps incorrectly) as a haven for money laundering and other illicit activities.  Bitfinex is said to have kept its fiat-to-cryptocurrency trading pairs afloat by using a string of third-party accounts after Wells Fargo severed its banking agreement last year, though the firm reportedly  found a permanent solution  in Puerto Rico-based Noble Bank.  Even Coinbase, one of the most respected names in the industry, has largely been forced to rely on smaller banks willing to take a risk on companies in the nascent-but-booming industry. The company made  headlines  earlier this year when its UK subsidiary signed an agreement with Barclays.  “They really do look and pore through the entire business,” said Shihara, a former security engineering manager at Amazon, of banks. “They want to make sure that we’ve got robust AML/KYC processes, that we’ve got the right controls on our finances. They do background checks and everything. They really look at our business soup to nuts.”  Featured Image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Will Bitcoin Vindicate Nobel Laureate Economist Friedrich Hayek? Twitter  The creation of money has been effectively in private hands since, well, forever. Looking at the modern times  – after the creation of the US federal reserve system in 1913  – one of the greatest misconceptions instilled in the masses is the belief that public institutions, such as the US Fed or the ECB, are the only expression of public interest and that money creation is the exclusive prerogative of sovereign  “nation-states ”. Although it is so widely purported  – or simply conveniently led to believe  – the truth is rather different.   Indeed, in addition to the  fractional-reserve banking   – which enables commercial banks to create most of the  broad money  in the system  – the very same well known, too big to fail, privately held commercial banks, also own substantial direct interest in the above institutions.  Take the ECB for example,  its governance is  formally in the hands  of 6 Executive Board members and the Governors of each of the 19 national central banks of member states . So you might think it is all politically endorsed by the democratically appointed governments of each member country. Well, not really.  In Italy for instance  – although the same applies to other EU countries  –  the shareholders of the Banca d´Italia are  mostly private banks  or large insurance companies such as Unicredit, Intesa Sanpaolo and Assicurazioni Generali .  Though the situation is much more obfuscated in the USA, the concept is the same:  nationally-chartered banks  own each one of the 12 Federal Reserve Banks  which are then part of the FED . As to which the members of the 12 FRBs are, good luck in finding them because it is quite difficult to come up with much information.  It seems like a closely guarded secret.  Regardless, exists a monopoly on money creation, which is awarded by the governments to the private banking sector  –  though  it is concealed  by the appearance of the FED and the ECB as being independent authorities    – and it is safeguarded by the very same governments which legally endorse privately issued fiat moneys and make them legal tender by decree, thereby perpetuating the privileges of the banking sector.  In 1976,   F.A. Hayek   – the 1974 Economics Nobel Prize winner and one of the most prominent late members of the  Austrian School of Economics   – wrote a pamphlet titled  “ Denationalisation of Money “, in which he foresaw the emergence of privately issued moneys which could compete among themselves and against the governments´ monopolies, which, in his words, has the defects of all monopolies as  “ it prevents the discovery of better methods of satisfying a need for which a monopolist has no incentive “.  Friedrich Hayek.  Image credit: Flickr.  Despite his visionary and highly interesting theories, all his assumptions regarding the benefits of a competitive regime for moneys remained essentially untested because, so far, the monopoly and the  “legal tender ” privileges could not be challenged by any privately issued money without it being immediately attacked by the governments.   But Bitcoin has been the first privately issued money which enables a radical paradigm shift and may start testing effectively Hayek ’s assumptions because it is able to challenge the monopoly privilege thanks to its decentralized nature and the properties that make it resistant to coercion, censorship and geopolitical manipulation.   Without a central point of failure, governments cannot effectively attack Bitcoin.  While granting to Hayek that the banking monopoly on money creation is one of the causes of the many illnesses of our financial system and of the increasing social inequality to levels not seen since 1929, the alleged advantages of competing moneys are still to be proved.   Hayek envisaged a competitive money regime which enabled currency price stability, preservation of purchasing power and store of value, as well as usability as a unit of account and medium of exchange for daily purchases.   The Italian professor F.M. Ametrano of the Universita´ Bicocca Milano and Politecnico di Milano, who is one of the leading voices in favour of Bitcoin, was one of the first to  argue  – back in 2016  – in favour of the new regime of competitive moneys  foresaw by Hayek.  Professor Villaverde, of the University of Pennsylvania, is one of the first to have recently studied the impact of cryptocurrencies and this new regime of competitive moneys enabled by Bitcoin.   In his  column , he casts some doubts on the ability of a regime of competing currencies to maintain price stability . But one must also consider that the crypto sector develops and experiments at lightning speed and this makes any analysis quite soon obsolete. Take the emergence  – in the meantime  – of stable coins as an example. Even if I do personally share  most of the concerns highlighted here on their ability to maintain price stability under stress conditions , they are a clear and important sign that there is a growing trend of creating different cryptocurrencies with different properties and functionalities, which may all have a specific market and a good reason to coexist.  There is clearly a need for cryptos which preserve purchasing power and may become a store of value (such as Bitcoin), there is a need for stable coins to be used as unit of accounts and medium of exchange, there is a need for enhanced privacy issues (such as Monero), etc.  All those cryptos can theoretically fulfil different functions and being equally in demand among users.  Then of course issues  – such as their interoperability and how to effectively exchange each crypto with the others, as well as their ease of use  – are all to be answered by new technological developments in the due time.  But one point made by Prof. Villaverde  in his column  is chiefly important:  “ the threat of competition from private monies imposes market discipline on any government that issues currency. If a central bank, for example, does not provide a sufficiently ‘good’ money, then it will have difficulties in implementing allocations. This may be the best feature of cryptocurrencies. In a world in which we can switch to Bitcoin or Ethereum, central banks need to provide, paraphrasing Adam Smith, a tolerable administration of money. Currency competition may have a large upside for human welfare after all “  If Gresham ’s Law does not fully apply and good money does not drive out bad fiat money, then hopefully it will make fiat money a lot better and vindicate Hayek ’s vision after all.  About the Author:  Andrea Bianconi is an international business Lawyer with over two decades experience, a scholar of Austrian Economics, Monetary History and Geopolitics, a believer in the future of Blockchain based technologies and an active member of Berlin’s Blockchain Hub, a legal consultant, an investor himself and online trader with interest in commodities, precious metals, currencies, Tech stocks and Cryptos.   https://www.bianconiandrea.com/  
INCREASE	   Mastercard Wins Patent for Blockchain-based Coupon Authentication System Twitter  Financial services giant Mastercard has won a patent for a system that uses blockchain technology to authenticate coupons.  The  patent , granted by the US Patent  & Trademark Office (USPTO) on May 31, outlines a way for merchants to cut down on coupon fraud and more effectively issue targeted discounts to specific customers. The company first applied for the patent in Nov. 2016.  In one potential application of this system, an individual will be assigned a blockchain address, whose credentials will be stored in a payment instrument such as a credit card or digital wallet application.  When the user attempts to redeem a coupon, the point of sale device will interface with the private blockchain network to verify that the customer is authorized to receive the discount.  Following a successful transaction, the system will automatically transfer the coupon out of the customer’s wallet and into “burn address” or an address associated with invalidated coupons, preventing the user from attempting to redeem it multiple times.  The system is clearly meant to help merchants prevent coupon fraud, but  Mastercard  envisions that it would benefit consumers as well because it would provide businesses with the ability to issue more valuable coupons with the assurance that the discounts could not be counterfeited or redeemed by unauthorized users.  Mastercard isn’t the only major credit card issuer experimenting with blockchain technology to develop ways to help merchants cut down on fraud and better retain their customers.  As CCN  reported , American Express recently announced that it was using blockchain technology to revamp its loyalty rewards program. Using the new system, which is based on  Hyperledger , merchants can create membership rewards offers for Amex customers on their own platforms. These offers can be quite versatile, even allowing businesses to assign bonus points to individual products.  Notably, Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga has  said  that the firm will support government-created cryptocurrencies if they are developed in the future but said that “non-government mandated currency is junk.”  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   IOTA Price Surges 17% for the Day to Headline Widespread Market Rally Twitter  The IOTA price (MIOTA) surged past other coins ’ average daily gains for the day, climbing 17% over its Wednesday level. The project released the beta version of the  Trinity Wallet  on May 29 and has kept the price momentum since then, as CCN  reported .  Currently, the  IOTA price  sits at $1.77. Since May 28 and the announcement of the new wallet, IOTA has increased over 31%. This is calculated from the close of day trading price of $1.35 on May 28. IOTA now has a market cap of $4.9 billion, making it the ninth-largest cryptocurrency.  The price jump comes amid a general bull market for the majority of coins and tokens. However, IOTA ’s 24-hour increase stands out well above the others in the top 100, which are averaging 3-6% increases.  IOTA Price Chart  The IOTA project has gained numerous partnerships at a frantic pace, in addition to the continued development output. The project ’s main feature, the  “Tangle, ” is targeted at businesses who are looking to make their processes and transactions more efficient and transparent. The projects ’s focus on powering the Internet of Things infrastructure is key in gaining partners.  Earlier today, IOTA  announced  a partnered with Norway ’s largest bank. Also, as CCN  reported  on May 24, IOTA partnered with a key logistics arm for the United Nations.  The Trinity wallet may be helping this cause overall. The development team said that it took extra precautions to make sure that the Trinity wallet was easy to use and free from as much  “user error ” as possible. This included two external reviews and security audits. This is important at a time when new cryptocurrency investors are continuing to flood into the space, and there is frequent frustration with the complexity of exchanges and key management.  That said, it remains to be seen whether the current excitement over these partnerships and the release of the new wallet will translate into sustained price support.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Tron Begins Transition to Its Own Blockchain Twitter  Tron (TRX), the tenth-largest cryptocurrency, has begun the transition from the Ethereum network to its own public blockchain.  The  Tron  mainnet  — dubbed Odyssey 2.0  — officially launched on May 31 at 12 am UTC, initiating the first step in moving the $4 billion cryptocurrency to an independent network.  The network will remain in beta for most of June, providing developers with the opportunity to configure their wallets and browsers before the network goes live. Token migration will occur from June 21 to June 24, when users must deposit their ERC-20 tokens at participating cryptocurrency exchanges to receive an equivalent number of TRX on the new blockchain.  The transition will culminate on June 25  — a date that developers have dubbed “Independence Day”  — when the Genesis block will propagate across the network and investor predictions that Tron will be an  “Ethereum killer ” will finally be put to the test.  “The independence of our protocol is a crucial step in ushering in the next phase of the internet through democratization and decentralization,” said Tron founder Justin Sun in a statement, adding:  “Our team maintains a high standard of excellence as we head towards becoming a mainstream public blockchain. The move of the TRON Protocol to MainNet makes it easier for developers to break away from Ethereum and opens up new doors towards better scaling, commercialization and express lanes needed for global dApp development.”  Until now, Tron has functioned exclusively as an ERC-20 token on the Ethereum network, and the TRX token has steadily climbed the market cap charts despite  high-profile controversies  and the fact that the cryptocurrency’s network had not even launched.  In this latter regard, TRX is not unique. EOS, currently the fifth-largest cryptocurrency, has raised approximately  $4 billion  through a yearlong initial coin offering (ICO) and is also preparing to release its mainnet software in June.  Notably, optimism surrounding Tron’s mainnet launch did not manifest in the token’s short-term price movements. The  Tron price  declined five percent on Wednesday ahead of the release, which was the worst performance of any top 10-cryptocurrency. At present, TRX is trading at $0.06.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Ripple CEO Garlinghouse: Bitcoin Price Won ’t Correlate With XRP Price Forever Twitter  Blockchain pioneer and Ripple CEO, Brad Garlinghouse, believes the high correlation that historically exists between the bitcoin price and XRP could end.  The catalyst for that divergence,  he suggested to CNBC , is investors understanding the siloed use cases that each project has to offer.  “There ’s a very high correlation between the price of XRP and the price of bitcoin, but ultimately these are independent open-sourced technologies. It ’s early, over time you ’ll see a more rational market and behaviors that reflect that, ” Garlinghouse told CNBC.  The manner in which Garlinghouse describes the independent use cases for the numerous digital assets resembles that of unique asset classes in the broader financial markets, such as stocks, bonds, commodities, etc. If the bitcoin price performance were to no longer trade in tandem with the broader crypto market, this may suggest that there would be separate asset classes under  the cryptocurrency umbrella.  Meanwhile, if you ask Garlinhouse, of the 1,500-plus digital currencies that are being traded, only 1% of them will be around in a decade.  “There ’s gonna be a bit of a correction along the way here where a lot of the players in the space that don ’t actually solve a real problem are going to get washed out, ” Garlinghouse told CNBC.  Garlinghouse is at the helm of blockchain startup Ripple, which owns most of the XRP cryptocurrency and is the No. 3 digital currency by market cap. While altcoins tend to jockey for position, none have been able to knock bitcoin out of its top spot. Some market participants are anticipating No. 2 cryptocurrency Ethereum will do so, an event that ’s been dubbed a flippening.  Early Innings  Meanwhile, the first quarter of 2018 was a mixed bag for cross-border payments startup Ripple. The company set new records operationally, but the XRP coin that ’s tied to it was sent reeling. XRP lost nearly three-quarters of its value in Q1 2018. The bitcoin price was about halved in Q1.   Garlinghouse pointed out that it remains early innings for the industry, while others maintain the cryptocurrency market remains in the pre-game stage.  “It ’s still a nascent industry, the speculation in the market dominates the trading activity. I think it ’s a matter of time until people better understand the different use cases, ” Garlinhouse told CNBC.  On the operational side, Ripple couldn ’t have done better. The company signed nearly two dozen first-time production contracts, a record pace for the payments startup. Among its new partners is Islamic lender Kuwait Finance House as  CCN previously reported . Ripple inked a partnership with MoneyGram earlier this year in which the remittance company is piloting the payments platform.  Featured image from Flickr.  
INCREASE	   BitBay Suspends Polish Operations, Heads to Crypto-Friendly Malta Twitter  Poland ’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange, BitBay, is moving on to greener pastures. The company announced the suspension of its operations in Poland, where banks have been less than cooperative. BitBay is headed to the island country of Malta, which has given itself the nickname of Blockchain Island. BitBay is leaving the city of Katowice where it was founded in 2014 to bring cryptoc urrency trading to Poland.  It ’s not the first exchange redomiciling in Malta and its decision comes on the heels of Binance, the world ’s leading cryptocurrency exchange by volume (total volume in the last 24-hour period  is $1.5 billion ), moving from Hong Kong to the Mediterranean island.  Polish Snag  In Poland, BitBay hit a snag when the only bank that was willing to cooperate with the exchange ultimately decided to end the relationship effective May 31. Banks around the world have been reluctant to support cryptocurrency exchanges, and it ’s causing problems for the industry. BitBay was down to its last banking relationship in Poland and had been exploring its options already in search of the most cryptocurrency friendly jurisdiction it could find in the European Union.  BitBay executives touted   “productive discussions with the government of Republic of Malta and [a] friendly business environment. ”  In the meantime, account holders on BitBay ’s Polish platform can access all of the trading platform ’s functionality until May 31. As of Sept. 18, 2018, traders can only make withdrawals, as deposits will no longer be supported. The official suspension of trading on BitBay ’s Polish operations takes effect on Sept. 17, 2018.  BitBay is looking to migrate its users over to the new platform and will prompt its members upon logging in to create a new account on the Malta platform. The dashboard should look the same, as the exchange will continue to use the same software that traders are used to.  Malta Mission  While countries like Poland and even Japan are making it difficult for cryptocurrency exchanges to run their businesses, Malta is rolling out the welcome mat, as evidenced by Prime Minister Joseph Muscat ’s tweet in response to Binance ’s announcement.  Source: Twitter  As the smallest member of the European Union, Malta is an example of a tiny island country whose cryptocurrency regulation is advancing while crypto policies by larger governments around the world stall. Malta is currently efforting a  trio of blockchain-fueled bills  that will advance the industry in the jurisdiction, including a bill dedicated to regulating digital currencies, initial coin offerings and crypto exchanges.  Malta ’s economy is fueled largely by financial services and online gaming, and officials believe they can leverage their strength in these areas to take a leadership position in distributed ledger technology.  Featured Image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘No Plan’ for a Central Bank Digital Currency Now, Says Hong Kong Official Twitter  A senior government official from Hong Kong has ruled out plans for a central bank digital currency (CBDC) presently, claiming the country already has an efficient payments infrastructure.  The Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA), the autonomous region’s defacto central bank, isn’t about to issue a digital currency anytime soon despite carrying out research on a CBDC.  Speaking at a Legislative Council meeting on Wednesday, acting secretary for financial services and the treasury Joseph Chan  revealed  the HKMA acknowledged CBDCs as an ‘important subject’ alongside the world’s major central banks. However, an extensive research effort has seen the central bank conclude that the benefits of a CBDC would be minimal in Hong Kong.  The official told lawmakers:  “The HKMA has carried out research on CBDC. At the same time, the HKMA notes that the benefits of CBDC and its efficiency gains will depend on the actual circumstances of a jurisdiction. In the context of Hong Kong, the already efficient payment infrastructure and services make CBDC a less attractive proposition. The HKMA has no plan to issue CBDC at this stage but will continu e to monitor the international development. ”  Chan also touched on a global effort by the Committee on Payments and Market Infrastructures (CPMI) and the Bank of International Settlements, commonly seen as the ‘central bank of central banks’, to research CBDCs through a working group of the world’s major central banks including the HKMA and the PBoC, China’s central bank.  Widely-deployed CBDCs will still see limited benefits in an ecosystem that has an efficient private retail payment structure, he claimed, insisting the HKMA will continue to engage its international counterparts, including the PBoC, to ‘study the potential and the costs and benefits of implementing CBDC’.  “CBDC remains a subject which requires further study and more proof-of-concept work to ascertain its feasibility for payment applications,” he added.  Furthermore, Chan told legislators that the government will continue to monitor the ICO and cryptocurrency space by keeping an eye on developments. Financial innovation will be promoted, the official said, stressing that the interest of the investing public will be paramount.  Beyond researching digital currency prototypes, the HKMA has also  unveiled  proof-of-concept blockchain platforms for applications in international trade finance as part of its  broader fintech foray .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘World’s Largest Ethereum Wallet’ ImToken Raises $10 Million Series A to Fund Global Expansion Twitter  Chinese ethereum wallet startup imToken has raised a $10 million Series A from IDG Capital as it seeks to expand its product offering and finance international expansion into Asia, Africa, and the United States.  The Hangzhou-based company, which was founded in 2016, claims to be the world’s largest  ethereum  wallet, with more than 4 million monthly active users and support for 30,000 tokens.  ImToken says that $35 billion worth of funds have been stored in the app over the past calendar year, which is 75 percent more than the “more than $20 billion” that  Coinbase  has said its customers have stored on its platform. Self-reported data also indicates that imToken users account for approximately 10 percent of all ethereum transactions.  “imToken has developed its product into one of the top crypto asset wallets in the world with such a sound reputation. We believe it will become a significant infrastructure for the tokenization manifesto, benefitting both the crypto economy and blockchain technology, ” IDG Capital ’s Young Guo was  quoted  as saying in a press statement.  According to  Bloomberg , 70 percent of imToken’s user base comes from China, and the company has said that  IDG ’s funding will be used to bootstrap international adoption. The firm will open an office in Singapore that will focus on expansion into Southeast Asia, after which it intends to expand into the rest of Asia as well as African countries where the app already has a core user group. Finally, the firm will make a global push, expanding into the US and other regions.  Though available to Western users, the app has yet to make much of a dent in this market. At present, the app has approximately  100,000 installs  from the Google Play store  — which is not readily available in China  — along with a four-star rating.  ImToken also intends to use the funds to expand the range of assets supported by the mobile wallet. The company recently rolled out support for bitcoin (including  SegWit ), and it also intends to develop compatibility with EOS and other blockchains.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Crytpo Payroll Service Bitwage Launches ICO Advisory Firm, First Client Raises $50 Million Twitter     Bitwage was launched in 2011 as a Bitcoin payroll and international wage payment service, and the firm has now launched an ICO advisory firm called Inwage after recognizing the importance of initial coin offerings in the crypto-ecosystem.  Bitwage published a  blog post  about their new venture earlier today:  “While ICOs provide a unique opportunity for companies to raise money from a wide range of individuals and entities around the globe, it is often seen as a complex, expensive and risky process. Having launched Bitwage back in 2014, Inwage leverages our experience in Blockchain to build a highly secure turnkey solution for companies of all sizes to launch ICOs. ”  The company aims to offer both technical services and marketing services such as smart contract development and auditing and website creation as well as PR and event marketing.  The company surpassed the initial fundraising target of the first client, Moria Token, by 40%, raising $50 million in the ICO for the project aiming to provide an investment platform for the mining of precious metals as well as aiding with IT and security compliance.  Bitwage launched a second service along with the Inwage firm called Ether Inputs, citing the inability of certain companies running ICOs to obtain bank accounts in order to pay workers. The company offers bitcoin and now ethereum as  payroll funding options , with employees being able to choose to receive a portion of the wage in local currency as well through Bitwage and Ether Inputs.  Aragon and Status are two projects that have already been using the service since the beginning of 2018 following the soft launch in January.  Emerging trend  The world of ICOs and crpyto regulation can be complex for startup companies, and the Inwage is the latest in a series of new advisory firms standing by to guide new projects. Former New York regulator Benjamin Lawsky, who oversaw the highly-restrictive New York BitLicense regulation initiative,  now works in the private sector  as an advisor with tech firm Axoni.  John McAfee of McAfee Software now famously works as a crypto advisor to new startup companies and charges up to  $100,000 per promotional tweet , while a group of college graduates from Chicago recently  launched an advisory firm now worth $100 million .  Featured Image from Shutterstock     
INCREASE	   No Evidence Whales are Manipulating Bitcoin Price: Prominent Trader Twitter  Peter Brandt, a prominent trader and respected technical analyst, believes there is no solid evidence to back up claims that whales and large-scale investors have been manipulating the bitcoin price or the wider cryptocurrency market.  Not Futures Market  Earlier this week, after  various reports  that the fall of bitcoin’s value coincided with the launch of CME and CBOE bitcoin futures market in December 2017, Brandt  said :  “Cryptos. There is no evidence whales have been shorting crypto markets. The weakness in May appears to have come from liquidation of longs by small spec retail traders.”  Brandt added that it is not possible for the futures market to have an overwhelming impact on the  bitcoin price  because there exists a fixed number of short and long contracts. “There are always the same number of short-contracts as long contracts. Always. No matter the market,” explained Brandt.  Since December 2017, the point in which CME and CBOE bitcoin futures market were introduced to the public, the bitcoin price dropped from $19,900 to $7,500, by more than 62.3 percent. The sharp decline in the price of bitcoin led investors and analysts to suspect manipulation in the futures market, which still remains as one of the very few public instruments investors can util ize to invest in the cryptocurrency market.  However, Brandt stated that it is not possible for any futures market to see a continuous decline of value and overwhelming support from bears because the quantity of short and long contracts are available is identical.  If the futures market had the same leverage it had in December throughout 2018, the price chart of bitcoin should have had demonstrated similar volatility and intensified downward movements. But, bitcoin suffered three major corrections in 2018, and each successive correction recorded lower sell volumes and drops.  One-Year Bitcoin Price Chart  A bitcoin trade group echoed a similar sentiment to Brandt in a popular bitcoin price discussion, as it stated that the decline in sell volumes in succeeding corrections after the initial drop in the bitcoin price in January show that the bear trend is “running out of gas.”  “Not only is selling volume lower, but the drops have been less severe. Each component of each leg down is less steep than the previous leg down. RSI, a momentum indicator, also shows selling has been less extreme. The trend is ‘flattening out’ In our opinion, the bear trend is running out of gas. Bears/whales/market makers held a great supply of BTC that they pumped until 12/17/17,” the trade group  said .  If the bitcoin futures market had been the main factor behind previous corrections, traders should have been able to gain similar leverage in successive corrections. However, bears have continuously lost leverage over the market, which was likely triggered by the liquidation of longs by small retail traders, as Brandt suggested.  Flattening Out Process  After the flattening out process comes to an end in the upcoming weeks, bitcoin will likely experience a strong rally that will expand throughout the mid-term. In the short-term, due to the intense volatility of the cryptocurrency market and the downward trend of bitcoin, it is possible for bitcoin to fall below the $7,000 mark to the lower end of $6,000.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price May Be  ‘Fear Gauge ’ for Stock Market: VIX Analyst Twitter    Like all digital assets, the bitcoin price is notoriously volatile, but a surprising pattern has emerged from that volatility which may have wider ramifications for the traditional finance markets as a whole.  The CBOE Volatility Index, or VIX, is an established measure of volatility in the overall marketplace long-used by traders to give them an impression of investor fear in the market.  VIX analyst and President of Equity Armor Investments Brian Stutland  — better known as the  “The Fear Merchant ”  — believes that the  bitcoin price  is actually predicting the VIX one month in advance.  Speaking with  CNBC , he said:  “There is huge correlation right now between VIX and bitcoin 30 days ago, 30 trading days ago, that is starting to measure out credit risk in the market. That ’s what cryptocurrency is becoming. It ’s becoming a way to sort of de-risk yourself from credit risk in the banking industry. ”  Because cryptocurrencies are largely unregulated and allow investors to move their money off the balance sheets of banks and decrease credit risks, Stutland thinks they may be using bitcoin as a safe haven from the stock market despite the volatility of the former to avoid credit risks by putting their money in a more  “off-grid ” position.    “Bitcoin is a way to for investors to basically move their money off the balance sheets of banks and into their own wallets, ” he added.  “Essentially storing their money under their pillow in the form of virtual currency. ”  Source: CBOE  While bitcoin ’s reputation as a volatile cryptocurrency may give the impression that stock traders would shun it in favor of a more stable haven, SEC Chairman Jay Clayton pointed out that these days  bitcoin is actually less volatile than the VIX , something that may come as a surprise to many.  “Just recently the volatility in bitcoin was not as great as the volatility we’ve seen in other securities, such as the VIX product, ” said Clayton.  The benefits of avoiding credit risk plus the median stability provided by bitcoin compared to the stock market overall may have turned bitcoin into a leading indicator in the stock market.    If true, the implications are huge, meaning that the bitcoin price is actually a marker by which traders can predict stock market behavior. As credit risk increases, volatility in the marketplace does as well. Time will tell if the analysis is accurate, but if it is, the stock market is in for a bearish trend over the next few weeks.  Featured Image from Shutterstock    
INCREASE	   Venezuela Bans Imports of Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment: Report Twitter  Reportedly the cheapest country in the world to mine Bitcoin, Venezuelan authorities have cracked down on local mining operations by banning any new imports of mining hardware, including certain types of graphics cards and computers as well as ASIC miners.  While the government has embraced cryptocurrency with the launch  Petro , the state crypto tied to the value of oil, their stance on local miners is not as welcoming. The current Venezuelan economic crisis is the worst the country has ever seen, leading to the hyperinflation of the currency, crippling debt, food shortages, and widespread civil unrest. As the government printing off huge amounts of money, the minimum wage lost purchasing power  – the government continued to print money while raising the wages as well, spiraling the economy out of control after an initial collapse over falling oil prices.  The bolivar, Venezuela ’s national fiat currency, has lost 99.99% of its value over the last five years while inflation has gone up at an  annual rate of 16,147 percent . Used as confetti in baseball games and crashing weighing scales at delis, the money is essentially worthless  – the government has announced plan to cut three zeros from the end of the currency starting on June 4.  Venezuela is reeling from hyper-inflation.  Many Venezuelans turned to cryptocurrency as the collapse began to get worse, using it as a store of value in their efforts to try and preserve their dwindling savings. Thousands began to mine Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as well  – due to the exploding cost of living, the government placed a freeze on the cost of utility bills, and at the moment the cost of paying the electricity, phone, water, and heating bills is about the  same as the price of a cup of coffee  in a cafe.  At costs of around  $530 per BTC , Venezuela is the cheapest country in the world to mine Bitcoin and Caracas, in particular, has become a mining hub as the citizens struggle to survive.  But  no longer . Local media  reported  yesterday that a new government policy set out in April has been in effect, banning mining equipment to prevent people from abandoning the state currency entirely. Customs authorities have been seizing computer equipment by air and sea in the nationwide crackdown.  Shipping companies Liberty Express and DHL have adapted to the new measures, either  updating their pages  to inform users of the new restrictions or sending out notices to customers directly. The National Association of Cryptocurrencies will meet with the Superintendence of Cryptoactives and Related Venezuelan Activities to discuss the issue and perhaps outline a time limit to the ban.  Superintendent Carlos Vargas  said  in April:   “We are in an evaluation process to select and authorize companies that are qualified to import and market digital mining equipment and be responsible for the respective guarantees in our country.”   Vargas warned people to be careful what they purchased for mining operations as no equipment has as of yet been certified or approved by regulators.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Beats Headphones Inventor to Hold  ‘Monster ’ $300 Million ICO Twitter  Monster Products, the inventor of the Beats headphones line has informed the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that it intends to hold an initial coin offering (ICO), public documents show.  According to an  SEC filing  dated May 25, Monster hopes to raise as much as $300 million by selling Monster Money Tokens (MMNY). The company, which has struggled financially in recent years, intends to use the proceeds to create an  Ethereum -based e-commerce platform called the Monster Money Network.  The network will be developed in three stages. In the first, the platform will be a basic payments system, while the second will see the company create an off-chain platform “where micro-transactions can be completed without or with very limited transaction costs” relative to standard on-chain payments. Finally, Monster hopes to integrate the fully-functional blockchain network  into the company’s core operations, including supply chain management, payroll services, marketing, and accounting.  The plan is ambitious, but Monster  — which was founded in 1978  — believes it could help the electronics manufacturer revive its ailing balance sheet and become competitive with the world’s largest e-commerce giants.  “We consider Amazon, Ebay and Alibaba as examples of our main competitors with respect to the new Monster Money Network and our existing e-commerce platform,” Monster said in its filing.  The year-long  ICO   — which Monster has acknowledged may constitute a securities offering under US law  — will see the company distribute up to 300 million of the 500 million MMNY tokens at a fixed price of $1.00 per token. The remaining tokens will be deposited into a company-controlled wallet and used at its discretion.  If successful, the ICO will be considerably larger than any token sale completed prior to 2018, though several firms  — namely Telegram and EOS  — have crossed the billion-dollar threshold this year.  Notably, Monster is also issuing 75 million shares of common stock so that, if the firm’s plans for the e-commerce platform fall through, it can allow investors to redeem tokens for shares of stock at a four-to-one ratio rather than return their funds.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Crypto-Loving US Senate Candidate Forced to Return $130,000 Bitcoin Donation Twitter  US Senate candidate Austin Petersen received a $130,000 bitcoin donation but was forced to return it due to federal regulations governing campaign contributions.  Petersen, a Republican who is hoping to unseat incumbent Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill during the mid-term election in November, said that an enthusiastic supporter attempted to donate $130,276 worth of bitcoins (~20 BTC) over the weekend, but his campaign had to refuse it since Federal Elections Commission (FEC) regulations restrict individual contributions to $5,400 per year   The candidate, a dark horse in the GOP primary who has nevertheless polled well against McCaskill, encouraged the enthusiastic supporter to start a political action committee (PAC), an organization which can use an unlimited amount of funds to promote candidates as long as it files reports with elections regulators and does not coordinate directly with political campaigns.  As CCN  reported , Petersen, a self-described libertarian conservative, began accepting bitcoin donations last year through BitPay’s cryptocurrency donations platform. At the time, he told CCN that he believes cryptocurrency “represents the future of American creativity and American liberty.”  “Bitcoin’s disruptive influence is just what our financial system needs at this time. For too long, the federal government has had exclusive control over currency, stymying competition and growth by falsely limiting consumer choice — a fact we would all be aware of were the Federal Reserve subject to the same kind of audits privately-held companies are. Cryptocurrency represent s the future of American creativity and American liberty, and I’m delighted to accept campaign donations in this form. ”  Notably, this wasn’t the first time that Petersen has been forced to return a large bitcoin donation. He  told CCN  that his campaign has twice been forced to refuse donations of approximately $250,000 for exceeding the FEC limit on individual campaign contributions.  In February, Petersen accepted the  largest single bitcoin donation  in federal election history. The 0.284 BTC donation was valued at $4,500 at the time, making it $900 below the individual limit.  Austin Petersen Image from Gage Skidmore/Wikimedia Commons  
INCREASE	   The  ‘Central Bank for Central Banks ’ Disses Cryptocurrencies in New Report Twitter  The Bank for International Settlements (BIS), which serves  central banks  in their efforts to promote monetary and financial stability, claims permissionless cryptocurrencies are not suited to serve as the basis of a monetary system, although the bank acknowledges there are niche areas where cryptocurrency can provide improved efficiencies.  The bank also acknowledges the possibility of  central bank issued digital currencies , which several central banks are presently exploring.  Central Banks Provide Stability  The bank offered its assessment on cryptocurrencies and distributed ledger technology in its  annual economic report .  According to the report, for a monetary system to successfully facilitate transactions, it must be elastic to address demand and must be able to scale with the economy, a function central banks have successfully provided, the report noted. The central banks ensure the payment system operates efficiently and ensure the supply of reserves responds properly to shifting demand.  Cryptocurrencies’ decentralized technology, by contrast, offers an insufficient substitute for the traditional, institutional backing of money.  Decentralized Consensus Risks  A decentralized consensus through which transactions are verified can undermine trust in the system, the bank contends. A breakdown in trust will cast doubt on the finality of individual payments, meaning the system could stop functioning, causing a loss of the currency’s value.  Beyond the issue of trust, cryptocurrencies are subject to inefficiencies and extensive energy consumption. Such currencies are unable to scale with rising transactions, making them subject to congestion and value fluctuation.  Matching the supply of the means of payment with transaction demand requires a central authority, such as a central bank, to expand or contract the supply. The authority has to be able at times to trade against the market, even if this means absorbing a loss. In a decentralized network, by contrast, no central agent exists with the incentive or mandate to stabilize the currency ’s value.  The speed at which new cryptocurrencies come into existence further contributes to unstable valuations, the bank noted.  Transaction Finality An Issue  The BIS identified software forks that divide a cryptocurrency network into multiple blockchains as one drawback to decentralized, permissionless cryptocurrencies.  In mainstream payment systems, once a payment makes its way through the central bank ’s books, it becomes final and cannot be revoked.  Permissionless cryptocurrencies, the BIS report argues, cannot guarantee such finality since there can be rival versions of the ledger. This can cause transaction rollbacks, as happens when two miners update the distributed ledger simultaneously. Only one of the two can survive, making payment finality in each ledger probabilistic.  Cryptocurrencies can also be manipulated by miners who control large amounts of computing power.  “Forking,” a process in which a group of cryptocurrency holders use a new version of the ledger and protocol while others stick to the original version, can also undermine trust in the system, the bank noted.  Forking is also problematic from the perspective that it could be symptomatic of the fragility of the decentralized consensus used to update the ledger.  Some of the issues described above could be addressed by new protocols, the report noted. Some, however, are inherently linked to the limited scalability and fragility of decentralized systems. The lack of an adequate institutional arrangement emerges as the fundamental shortcoming.  Niche Applications For Cryptocurrencies  While cryptocurrencies don’t work as money, the technology has promise in other areas, such as cross-border payment systems, the report noted.  Distributed ledger technology  can be efficient in niche environments where decentralized access benefits surpass the cost of sustaining numerous copies of the ledger.  Future use cases will likely combine crypto payments with data permission systems and self-executing codes. The technology’s value will likely derive from the streamlining of administrative processes of complex financial transactions like trade finance.  Regulatory Challenges Call For Action  Regulatory challenges also need to be addressed with respect to cryptocurrencies, the report noted, such as anti-money laundering and terrorism financing. The extent to which cryptocurrencies have allowed these standards to be evaded is a matter of debate. Some cryptocurrencies are anonymous, making it hard to determine if they are being used to avoid taxes or to engage in illicit transactions.  Consumer and investor protection poses another challenge for cryptocurrencies, the report noted. Fraud has been an issue for  initial coin offerings  (ICOs).  A longer-term challenge is the financial system’s stability. Whether the widespread use of cryptocurrencies and self-executing financial products will present new systemic risks remains to be seen, the report noted.  The effective deployment of strengthened standards challenge the regulatory sector since existing regulatory definitions do not always address new realities. Multiple economic activities use the technologies, activities regulated by different oversight agencies. ICOs, for example, are used to fund projects that are not related to cryptocurrencies.  Permissionless cryptocurrencies do not fall into existing legal frameworks and exist in their own digital realms outside of existing institutional environments. Their legal domicile can be impossible to determine, meaning they can only be regulated indirectly.  Also read:  Central banks could use crypto to force negative interest rates on public: Morgan Stanley  Central Bank-Issued Crypto?  Whether or not central banks should issue digital currencies ( CBDC s) is another issue that needs to be examined, the report noted.  CBDCs could function like cash, with the central bank issuing a CBDC, then allowing banks, non-financial firms and consumers to use the currencies without further central bank involvement other than determining who acts as a trusted node.  Images from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   BitLicense #7: New York Grants Another License to Bitcoin App Square Twitter  Days after  granting its sixth-ever BitLicense  to cryptocurrency wallet Xapo, New York has approved fintech startup Square to operate in the state, enabling its users buy and sell bitcoin.  The New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS)  announced  on Monday its formal approval of Square’s application for a virtual currency license, also known as ‘BitLicense’. Commonly acknowledged and often-criticized as the strictest US state low governing cryptocurrencies, this is the seventh BitLicense granted to a company – nearly 3 years after bitcoin startup Circle  earned the first license  in September 2015.  Square, which notably has an existing money-transmitter license from the DFS,  began supporting  bitcoin through its popular ‘Cash’ app earlier this year. In doing so, the digital payments firm offered instant buying and selling of the world’s most prominent cryptocurrency through its platform.  “We are thrilled to now provide New Yorkers with Cash App’s quick and simple way to buy and sell bitcoin,” said Square’s Cash App chief Brian Grassadonia.  Square’s decision to support bitcoin has helped  boost its stock  this year, and has seen the company earn a profit from  $34 million in total crypto-related revenue  in Q1 2018.  The DFS said it took Square through a ‘comprehensive review’ to check the firm’s anti-money laundering, anti-fraud, consumer protection, cybersecurity and capitalization policies before bestowing the license, which will be subject to ‘ongoing supervision’ throughout.  DFS superintendent Maria T. Vullo said in statements:  DFS is pleased to approve Square’s application and welcomes them to New York’s expanding and well-regulated virtual currency market. DFS continues to work in support of a vibrant and competitive virtual currency market that connects and empowers New Yorkers in a global marketplace while ensuring strong state-regulatory oversight is in place.  Coincidentally, it has also been revealed that crypto brokerage Genesis Trading has been collaborating with Square to enable bitcoin buying and selling ever since the latter’s  pilot in fall 2017 .   Finally get to publicly disclose the partnership that Genesis built over the past year with  @Square . It 's been fantastic to collaborate with  @jack  and his team  https://t.co/9Kvq5EAaIh  — Barry Silbert (@barrysilbert)  June 18, 2018   In its announcement today, the DFS also referenced it had denied “those applications that did not meet DFS’s standards” without naming the companies.  Some cryptocurrency exchanges like Kraken and ShapeShift, who do not operate in New York, have been  vocal in their criticism  of the formal state license. “Let’s call BitLicense what it is – an absolute failure”, said ShapeShift chief executive Eric Voorhees while taking stage at this year’s industry event Consensus in New York.   . @ErikVoorhees :  "Let 's call the Bitlicense what it is, an absolute failure … It should just be removed. Get rid of the  #Bitlicense , go back to where you were 4 years ago. That would probably entice us to go back to New York. " 1/2  — David Floyd (@davidfloyd512)  May 15, 2018   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Early Bitcoin Developer Jeff Garzik Launches New Altcoin ‘Metronome’ Twitter  Jeff Garzik, one of the earliest Bitcoin developers, has formally launched an altcoin, dubbed Metronome, which backers allege will be the first cryptocurrency to offer “institutional class” endurance.  Metronome had first been  announced  by Bloq, Garzik’s blockchain development firm, back in Oct. 2017, when the cryptocurrency market was in the early stages of a parabolic fourth-quarter rally.  The announcement was quite  controversial  at the time, particularly since Garzik was also the chief developer for  SegWit2x , a bitcoin scaling upgrade that caused a sharp divide within the cryptocurrency community and ultimately failed to activate when its planned launch date arrived in November.  Metronome’s selling point is that  — using a system of  smart contracts   — tokens can be exported and imported across a variety of different blockchains without altering the total MET supply. Bloq boasts that this ensures that Metronome will last for “generations,” even if individual underlying blockchain networks fade into obscurity.  “Institutional investors should be very excited to see something like this,” co-founder Matthew Roszak said last year. “We’ve built a thousand-year cryptocurrency, something that’s built to last.”  For his part, Garzik  — who first contributed to the Bitcoin codebase in 2010 but has not contributed to the Bitcoin Core repository since 2015  —  has said that Metronome is the cryptocurrency he would have built if given a clean slate.  “Today, bitcoin faces existential threats from forks, developer drama and so on. Knowing what we know and having a clean sheet of paper, we asked what would we build and the answer is this.”  Unlike most  initial coin offerings  (ICOs), metronome is being distributed through a descending price auction, meaning that the crowdsale price decreases over time until no more tokens are remaining. Developers argue that this will reduce FOMO-driven buying and help with price discovery.  Source: Bloq  Consequently, contributions have been slim during the early hours of the crowdsale, with at least several investors stating on social media that they misunderstood the terms of the sale and thought that the price would go up  — not down  — as time passed.  As of the time of writing, just 87 of the 8 million MET had been sold, with the price floating at just above 1.85 ETH per token. However, the pace of contributions will likely quicken as the price declines over the next several days.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Miners in China’s Remote Regions are Undeterred By Restrictions Twitter  Though Chinese authorities have  previously  taken various measures aimed at curtailing the trading of cryptocurrencies, the mining of Bitcoin has continued unabated in some of China’s remote parts according to a Nikkei Asian Review  report .  These regions enjoy excess electricity supply capacity and are considered poor relative to the economic powerhouses of Beijing and Shanghai. They include Sichuan Province, which is fondly  known  as the capital of Bitcoin mining, and Qinghai Province.  In China’s Qinghai Province one of the large-scale mines is owned by the ‘fuerdai’, a term used to describe the rich kids of the country’s military and Communist Party officials and other elite. While both Sichuan and Qinghai provinces enjoy abundant and cheap electricity, the two neighboring regions are relatively poor due to their heavy reliance on tourism and the mining of g round resources. Qinghai, for instance, plans to develop cryptocurrency as an industry in the hopes of creating jobs and generating revenues for the local government.  Geopolitical Purposes  While there were reports earlier in the year that Chinese authorities were putting in place measures aimed at severely curtailing the mining of cryptocurrencies this has not materialized. According to Nikkei Asian Review, one of the reasons why a complete obliteration of the sector has not happened is because China is keen on influencing the international flow of money. The Uni ted States already enjoys this power through the U.S. dollar and cryptocurrencies could do the same for China.  “Xi [the President of China] desires this power for China, similarly to how the U.S. seeks to retain the dollar ’s key-currency status through its network of transactions worldwide, ” observes the Japanese publication.  Currently, it is estimated that China’s share of the globe’s cryptocurrency mining capacity is around 70%. The chief executive officer of Ripple, Brad Garlinghouse, was even recently  quoted  as saying that ‘Bitcoin is really controlled by China’.  Economic Boost to Poor Regions  The  dominance  of the world’s most populous country in Bitcoin mining is partly due to the fact that cheap electricity is abundant in the country. Besides Sichuan and Qinghai, regions such as Inner Mongolia and Xinjiang possess huge coal resources and the mining of cryptocurrencies is an opportunity to transform their less-sophisticated economies.  The world’s second-largest economy is also home to some of the leading manufacturers of crypto mining hardware and this includes Bitmain Technologies. The Bitcoin mining giant Technologies, for instance, has put up some of the world’s biggest mining facilities in Inner Mongolia. As an illustration, the Inner Mongolia city of Ordos sells electricity to Bitmain at only $0.04 per  kWh, well below the prices in other parts of the world.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Declines $5 Billion, Bitcoin Price Fairly Stable at $6,450 Twitter  The cryptocurrency market has dropped by $5 billion over the past 24 hours, from $282 billion to $277 billion. Most major cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin have declined by 1 to 2 percent but did not demonstrate any major movement on both the upside and downside.  Bitcoin and Ethereum outperformed the top 10 cryptocurrencies with a slight loss of 0.8 percent, while Ripple, Bitcoin Cash, EOS, and Cardano experienced a loss of around 2.5 percent.   Where Does Bitcoin go Next?  Over the past 24 hours, the Bitcoin price dipped below $6,390, briefly touching $6,380 before rebounding to $6,500. BTC has since dropped to $6,450, struggling to see any sign of short-term recovery in its price and volume.  The daily chart of BTC show that the volume of BTC is at its yearly low. Even during February, when BTC dipped below $6,100, the volume of BTC was substantially higher than the current volume of BTC. Since June 13, BTC has been able to sustain a short-term corrective rally from $6,100 to $6,450, but due to the low volume of BTC, a drop to the lower end of $6,000 in the upcoming days can be expected.  Currently, 50, 100, and 200 moving averages demonstrate that bears are still in control of the Bitcoin market and if BTC falls below the $6,300 mark in the next 24 hours, a dip below the $6,000 mark is inevitable. But, if BTC sees an abrupt increase in volume and rises to $6,700 in the short-term, a rally to $7,000 is a possibility. Based on the state of the market, a drop to $6,000 is more likely than a short-term recovery to the higher end of $6,900.  In South Korea, unconfirmed rumors have emerged, alleging Bithumb, the country’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange, of experiencing a hacking attack. The rumors are not verified but local reports seem to indicate that Bithumb did see a hacking attempt. Whether the attempt is successful or not will be released in the near future, as BlockchainROK reported.  Earlier this month, mainstream media outlets resorted to the $40 million hacking attack of Coinrail, which evidently did not have any impact on the price of BTC and the global cryptocurrency market, to justify the downward trend of major cryptocurrencies, and they were criticized for it.  If Bithumb did experience a hacking attempt but dealt with it without the loss of user funds, it is unlikely that the case would have any impact on the cryptocurrency market of South Korea and the global sector.  2014 Trend?  The chart of BTC in 2018 has a 2014-esqe trend, primarily because the market experienced the eruption of the same bubble it had seen four years ago; the bubble of retail and individual traders. If BTC follows its price movement in 2014, it is likely that BTC drops to the lower end of $5,000 and experience a parabolic upward swing in the mid-term.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Korean Authorities Admit to Postponing Cryptocurrency Regulation Because it Legitimizes Market Twitter  Authorities have admitted that the South Korean government had postponed the regulation of the cryptocurrency sector because it feared consumers will acknowledge it as the government legitimizing the cryptocurrency market.  Government is Aware Regulation Will Legitimize Market  Last week, CCN reported that the government of South Korea and its financial agencies including the Korea Financial Intelligence Unit (KFIU) are  set to regulate  cryptocurrency exchanges like banks, with strict policies and regulations.  On June 8, at a Policy Advisory Council meeting, KFIU director Kim Geun-ik confirmed that the government has at last agreed to regulate the cryptocurrency market to prevent cryptocurrencies from being used by criminals to launder money and to limit hacking attacks.  “Under current regulations, there are clear limitations in preventing money laundering on crypto exchanges because the only way authorities can spot suspicious transactions is through banks. If the bill of lawmaker Jae Yoon-kyung from the Democratic Party of Korea passes, local authorities will be able to impose identical regulations on crypto exchanges that are implemented on  commercial banks,” a KFIU spokesperson said.     Korean authorities have confessed to delaying the regulation of the cryptocurrency sector. Pictured: Seoul, South Korea (Shutterstock)  Last year, in September, a member of the National Assembly Committee told local financial journalists that financial authorities have requested the government to regulate the cryptocurrency market to protect investors and lessen security breaches in the space.  “We are frustrated as well. We fully understand that the government is reluctant towards regulating the cryptocurrency market because it will inevitably lead investors to consider it as the government’s way of legitimizing the market. But, if the government leaves the cryptocurrency market unregulated, it is simply leaving it vulnerable to variou issues,” said Park yong-jin, National Assembly Committee member.  Hani, a major mainstream media outlet in South Korea, reported that government officials like Park have encouraged the government to properly regulate the cryptocurrency market because current policies, which absurdly regulates cryptocurrency exchanges as communication vendors, allow businesses to operate digital asset platforms with a $30 fee and no license requirement.  So What Triggered Korea to Regulate the Market?  A report from Hani claimed that Coinrail played a vital role in convincing the government that proper regulations in the local cryptocurrency market are necessary. Additional investigations in the aftermath of the Coinrail hack revealed that the majority of cryptocurrency exchanges in South Korea outside of the big three –UPbit, Bithumb, and Korbit –were operating without proper security measures and IT infrastructures.  More importantly, an extensive investigation into Coinrail revealed several suspicious business activities, including the fact that Coinrail was created by a company with a budget of merely $10,000. But, it was later revealed that a company called Tobesoft was behind Coinrail, as it purchased stake in the company at a valuation of $24 million.  Even at the time of the investment of Tobesoft into Coinrail, it was reported that the company did not have solid infrastructure in place and as of current, it remains uncertain whether Coinrail had a budget of $10,000 and desperately tried to expand its business without investing in its security or a multi-million dollar company was behind it after all and it operated opaquely, deceiving investors.  These suspicious circumstances revolving around Coinrail and other hacking attacks that have occurred throughout the past two years, led the government to regulate cryptocurrency exchanges as legitimate financial institutions, even though it is aware that it may trigger investors to perceive the cryptocurrency market as a legitimate financial market.  Images from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   R3 Not Going Bankrupt, in a Very Strong Financial Position: CEO David Rutter Twitter  The chief executive of R3 is striking back at a recent report that the enterprise blockchain startup is hemorrhaging cash and is well on its way to bankruptcy.  Writing in an official  statement  on the R3 blog, David E. Rutter said that the firm  — which has raised more than $120 million over multiple funding rounds, is in a “very strong financial position.”  He wrote:  “R3 is in a very strong financial position. We have the widest and largest funding base in the enterprise blockchain space, having raised more than USD 120 million from more than 45 institutions and brought in over USD 20 million in revenue.”  His statement presents a marked contrast to the  report , first appearing in Fortune, that R3 has struggled to turn a profit or even develop a viable business model, even as it has seen high-profile institutions such as Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, and Santander exit its banking consortium.  The report cited anonymous former employees who said that R3’s revenue has been “laughably off” targets and that people at the company expect to be out of money by the first quarter of 2019.  Rutter said that these statements were “false, malicious rumors” and denied that R3 has wasted its funding.  “We’ve always been very sensitive of operating as cost-efficiently as possible, and in fact our average operating expenses per employee has declined each year since launch. We pride ourselves on continuously monitoring, evaluating and trimming expenditures to deliver maximum value for our shareholders.”  As CCN  reported , R3’s open-source Corda software was recently deployed by AP Moller  — Maersk, the world’s largest shipping company, to create a blockchain platform for marine insurance.  Last year, R3  partnered  with nearly two dozen members of its banking consortium to launch a cross-border payments platform based on Corda.  Meanwhile, the firm is currently embroiled in a  lawsuit  with Ripple stemming from a failed partnership between the two organizations. The suit, which involves the right to purchase XRP at a rate far below the current market price, could be worth billions of dollars.  Featured Image from TechCrunch/ Flickr  
INCREASE	   JPMorgan Fined $65 Million for Manipulating US Dollar Benchmark Twitter  The Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) on Monday slapped JPMorgan Chase Bank with a $65 million fine for attempting to manipulate the value of a US Dollar benchmark index.  JPMorgan Busted for Trying to Manipulated USD Benchmark  According to the CFTC,  JPMorgan  traders repeatedly attempted to manipulate the US Dollar International Swaps and Derivatives Association Fix (USD ISDAFIX), an interest rate benchmark, over a five-year period from 2007 to 2012.  The commission found that JPMorgan traders attempted to manipulate the USD ISDAFIX interest rate both by knowingly publishing false rates and by “muscling” the index immediately prior to its daily reference point snapshot.  Commenting on the fine, James McDonald, the CFTC’s director of enforcement, said:  “This matter is one in a series of CFTC actions that clearly demonstrates the Commission’s unrelenting commitment to root out manipulation from our markets and to protect those who rely on the integrity of critical financial benchmarks.”  JPMorgan Quietly Considers Offering Cryptocurrency Products  Much has been made about  allegations  that last year ’s bitcoin price rally was caused by market manipulation  — specifically trades related to USD-pegged  “stablecoin ” tether  — but this enforcement action serves as a reminder that manipulation exists in virtually all financial markets and is perpetrated even by regulated financial institutions.  As CCN  reported , JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has been an outspoken critic of bitcoin, an asset that he once called a “fraud” that is “worse than the tulip bubble.”  Dimon later walked back those comments, but in an  ironic twist , the bank was sued for committing fraud by charging customers excessive fees for bitcoin purchases made with credit cards without warning them in advance. The institution, like many of its peers, has since banned customers from buying cryptocurrencies on credit.  Despite Dimon’s public statements, JPMorgan has reportedly been holding  behind-the-scenes discussions  about making cryptocurrency products available to its customers, beginning with bitcoin futures.  Most recently,  Bloomberg  reported that JPMorgan is one of several major banks considering launching a cryptocurrency custodial service for institutional investors. The lack of regulated custodians is one reason that many analysts believe institutions have been reluctant to invest in cryptoassets.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   EOS Vulnerability Will Lead to  ‘Massive Exchange Hack ’, Predicts Cornell Blockchain Researcher Twitter  The EOS network has barely processed its first blocks, but one blockchain researcher is already predicting that an as-yet-undiscovered vulnerability in the nascent cryptocurrency’s codebase will lead to a “massive exchange hack” within the near future.  Writing on  Twitter , Cornell professor Emin Gün Sirer forecasted his belief that EOS, which  launched last week  following a yearlong crowdsale that raised more than  $4 billion , will be the root cause of a significant cryptocurrency exchange hack at some point during the next calendar year.  “I ’m calling it: there will be a massive exchange hack within the next year, taking advantage of an EOS vulnerability. That exchange will lose its hot wallet.”  “If EOS uses its arbitrators to reverse the hack, the contagion will spread downstream,” he added. There will be threats of lawsuits involving the devs and the [block producers].”  While clarifying that this prediction is not based on any specific vulnerability he has identified or believes lies hidden within the  EOS source code , he argued that such an exploit is likely inevitable given the way developers “handle safety critical bugs.”   Exchanges have not yet figured out that EOS 's governance model does not mix well with other currencies.   EOS folks will blame others, and they won 't be entirely wrong.  — Emin Gün Sirer (@el33th4xor)  June 18, 2018   As CCN  reported , a bug in the EOS network caused the blockchain to grind to a halt for several hours on Saturday as developers scrambled to release a patch. This code fault occurred less than 48 hours after the EOS blockchain had been activated. The bug was quickly patched, but Sirer criticized developers for pushing it without sufficient analysis.  “You can ’t incrementally patch your way to correctness,” he said. “In the same vein, you can ’t start out with some bricks, beams and cables over a body of water, patch the holes where cars fall into the ocean, and end up with a load-bearing bridge.”  Sirer concluding by reminding users not to store coins on cryptocurrency exchanges, as if his prediction comes to pass it could have  serious ramifications  for all traders  — not just those holding EOS. He also encouraged users to demand more transparency from developers when releasing post-mortems after patching bugs.  “Ask that development teams provide careful post mortems after bugs, describing not only the patch to fix them, but the changes made to address whatever gave rise to the bug in the first place,” he said.  EOS creator Block.one did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Ripple Donates $2 Million to Texas University’s Blockchain Initiative Twitter  One of 17 institutions chosen for Ripple’s $50 million academic pledge, the University of Texas at Austin will receive $2 million from San Francisco-based industry giant Ripple.  The McCombs School of Business at UT will receive $2 million from Ripple over the next five years to fund research at the institution’s Blockchain Initiative program, a report by university student newspaper  The Daily Texan  has revealed.  McCombs  hosted  its first blockchain conference in April 2018 to much interest among faculty and students from different universities including its own, the report suggested, pointing to an increasing demand and appetite to explore the decentralized technology commonly associated with cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. The conference was attended by 300 people, including Ripple executives, studen ts and staff. Notable attendees included Goldman Sachs’ senior FinTech equity researcher Jim Schneider and Walmart vice president of food safety Frank Yiannas who delivered keynotes alongside other panelists from USAA, the SEC, ICE and IBM.  “That [conference] was the catalyst for really seeing that there was a lot of demand from students and industries and companies for having a central focus inside the business school to basically harness the demand for blockchain technology,” program director Cesare Fracassi said.  The  initiative  lays out three main objectives behind its foundation, namely supporting faculty and graduate students on blockchain research “across colleges” at UT, teach students “the main concepts related to blockchain, cryptocurrency and digital payments”, and be “the hub of knowledge for external relations” with the industry, policymakers and media.  While relatively new, McCombs’ Blockchain Initiative will use the funding from Ripple to finance projects, research and outreach programs that connect students to companies in the city, Fracassi added.  He stated:  Austin is a pretty large hub (for) blockchain technology companies, so I see the initiative as a way to link faculty and students to those companies.  The subject of blockchain technology is also being taught “in several classes” at McCombs with students learning about the “technological, legal and business opportunities and challenges” faced in the rollout of blockchain-powered solutions.  The funding is part of Ripple’s broader  $50 million pledge  to fund academic blockchain research in seventeen universities around the world. As reported by CCN, the University Blockchain Research Initiative (UBRI) includes universities in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Cyprus, India, Luxembourg, the United Kingdom, Netherlands, Korea and the United States.  University of Texas at Austin image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Regulated Cryptocurrency Custody Will Bring in Big Money: Hedge Fund Manager Twitter  Anyone who stays in the crypto-space long enough begins to recognize the familiar mantras.  “Don ’t invest more than you can afford to lose. ”  “We ’re in the early days of the internet. ”  “Adoption is coming. ”  They ’re all valid points, and currently the latter is being held back by lack of regulation and typical financial services, keeping cryptocurrency on the sidelines of the global financial markets as a fringe space, a risky investment with no guarantees and no oversight or protective measures.  Hedge fund managerKyle Samani told  Bloomberg  in a phone interview:  “There are a lot of investors where custodianship was the final barrier. Over the next year, the market will come to recognize that custodianship is a solved problem. This will unlock a big wave of capital.”  Samani has been testing Coinbase Inc ’s new custody service, one of many being launched throughout the ecosystem. The Korean authorities recently admitted to  delaying crypto-regulation  simply to avoid further legitimizing the movement, but regulation is on the way and the financial services and so too are the protections and safety mechanisms enjoyed by those in the traditional banking system.  Global financial services group  Nomura  recently launched institutional-grade custody services for cryptocurrency assets, and earlier this year  BitGo  acquired Kingdom Trust, a $12 billion asset manager to act as custodian for their assets with talks of BitGo even becoming an independent custodian in future.  While these services may be seen by some as centralized and/or requiring trust, the kind of phenomena many turn to the crypto-space to avoid, these optional safeguards are necessary for increasing the level of institutional investment.  Bringing in the Whales  Regulated custody services allow institutional traders to open huge positions on the stock market without having to take personal responsibility over the custody of the funds. This allows hedge funds to give their traders millions of dollars without risking them flying to the Bahamas with it, and it helps prevent outside theft and accidental losses as well, essentially acting a s an insurance policy for the millions and billions being traded every day.  Similar options are currently limited in the cryptocurrency space and institutions wishing to send their traders into the fray have to accept major risks in doing so. It ’s difficult to track crypto assets, even more difficult to return them, and sending funds to the wrong address will usually result in their permanent loss, all of which is new and unfamiliar territory for some. Traders from major firms operating in the crypto markets are currently in personal control of huge amounts of money in a space rife with hacking and phishing scams with  little to no regulatory oversight to protect investors.  With high levels of security come high fees  – Coinbase  charges  $100,000 for setting up custody services at the moment along with 10 basis points per month and a minimum balance of $10 million. The funds are held in cold storage and require up to two days to remove due to the various security protocols that need to be bypassed, a far sight from simply storing funds on a paper wallet. However, once major firms begin to trust the new and sec ure infrastructure being developed, major investments will follow.  The cryptocurrency market cap is currently $275 billion compared to a global stock market cap of approximately  $100 trillion . In order to grow the cryptocurrency space, institutional investment is needed. With crypto-startups exploring custodianship along with existing Wall Street custodians like Jp Morgan, Northern Trust, and Bank of New York considering expanding their services to the world of crypto, it seems like a matter of time before the level of investment in the space changes dramatically.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Will Hit $60,000 This Year: Fund Manager Twitter  Phillip Nunn, chief executive officer of Manchester-based investment firm Blackmore Group, is standing by his bullish prediction that the bitcoin price will reach $60,000 in 2018, according to  BusinessCloud .  Nunn, who also advises  initial coin offering  (ICO) projects, told the news outlet he believes the flagship cryptocurrency see both $6,000 and $60,000 this year. Speaking to it at KPMG’s Tech Manchester, he noted that we’re close to the former. According to CCN’s price index,  bitcoin is currently trading at $6,700.  He added:  “The prediction was based on, first of all, market volatility which we ’re experiencing at the moment; I think that ’s really apparent. I absolutely stand by my prediction.”  The CEO noted, however, that the money that currently exists in the crypto space came from the public and not institutional investors, which according to him means “it’s all about market sentiment.” This implies that a flood of bad news can hurt the market, and that the industry is so small “that there’s market manipulation.”  Bitcoin Price Chart  As reported by CCN, the US Department of Justice (DOJ) has launched a  criminal probe into market manipulation  last month, a move that billionaire investor and former hedge fund manager Mike Novogratz  called a “good thing.”  Nunn reportedly speaks to financial institutions such as major banks and hedge funds on a regular basis, and revealed they “all want a piece” of the crypto space but can’t find an entry point as currently available vehicles aren’t suitable.  “There ’s no entry point at the moment, ” he said.  “If you ’re a pension fund with £5 billion in your pot and you want to take a 5 percent position in crypto you ’re going to really piss your investors off because of the volatility in the market.”  The entrepreneur was then confronted with a report that claims the price of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies will  endure a 90 percent correction  that’s set to cause a “mass market wipeout” within 12 months, published by investment bank GP Bullhound.  The report explained that while the correction will decimate various cryptocurrencies and related companies, the few survivors are in for an unprecedented rally. While Nunn sees “a little bit of sensationalism going on” with the report, he does agree various projects are going to disappear.  Per his words, cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, ethereum, and litecoin are “the fabric of the industry,” while the remaining 1,600 tokens are “an alternative to venture capital money,” implying most will end up failing while those who succeed may be projects that grow like current tech titans like Google and Facebook did.  “The reality is nobody knows how many will fail. This is different, because you ’ve got guys who are raising $50 million where they ’d usually raise $2 million from VCs so maybe more start-ups will succeed because they ’ve got a war chest and a lot more running room. ”  Besides being bullish on bitcoin, Nunn is also a proponent of blockchain technology in general. As BusinessCloud noted, he believes it will disrupt every existing industry and “the whole world,” as we’re moving “from an internet of information to an internet of value.”  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Indian State Kerala to Put Milk and Fish Supply Chains on a Blockchain Twitter  The government of Kerala, a state in South India, is turning to blockchain tech to organize the supply chain process of everyday groceries.  The new project will specifically look to streamline the supply chain networks  – including distribution – of milk, vegetables, and fish in the state using blockchain technology, the Press Trust of India  reports . The Kerala Development and Innovation Strategic Council (K-DISC), the state’s think tank, will spearhead the project that will include RFID tags and the use of Internet of Things (IoT) devices to monitor transportation.  With its implementation in the dairy sector, K-DISC chairman K M Abraham explained the blockchain will continuously monitor production, procurement, and distribution of milk to ensure speedy delivery to millions of people on a daily basis. In addition, the transportation of milk within specific temperatures in refrigerated trucks will also be monitored through RFID tags and IoT  equipment.  Specifically, every single component of the supply chain network will have a separate ID that will be recorded on the blockchain, enabling real-time monitoring of the quality of the product at its source at every step of the chain.  Fish-landing spots and farmlands will also be linked using geo-coded images, enabling real-time monitoring and verification of goods at every single step of the delivery process from warehouses and retail centers through to their point-of-sale locations of the customer.  The Kerala government is also considering the use of blockchain technology for its crop insurance scheme afforded to farmers. The entire process will be ‘smarter and fool-proof’ to enable quicker processing and settlement of farmers’ claims due to crop losses from natural disasters including flood and famine, the think tank added.  Elaborating further, the authority explained blockchain technology will help ascertain if crop losses were indeed due to natural causes and will help negate disputes between insurance providers and farmers, alongside eliminating the need for middlemen altogether.  Kerala is already home to a blockchain ‘ academy ’ in its capital city of Thiruvananthapuram wherein students are educated on blockchain solutions with a particular focus on the banking and healthcare sectors.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   SEC Mulls Unconventional Bitcoin ETF Application Twitter  The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has formally issued a call for public comment on yet another proposal to list a bitcoin ETF (exchange-traded fund) on a regulated exchange.  VanEck, SolidX Partner to Create Physically-Backed Bitcoin ETF  This development came in response to a proposal, submitted by Chicago-based derivatives exchange  CBOE , to list and trade shares of SolidX Bitcoin Shares, which itself has been issued by the VanEck SolidX Bitcoin Trust.  CBOE was the first US exchange to list  bitcoin futures  products, and executives have indicated that they intend for the platform to continue to lead in the nascent cryptocurrency derivatives industry.  According to the  filing documents , the trust will invest directly in physical bitcoin  — not bitcoin futures  — and each share will “represent a fractional undivided beneficial interest in the trust’s net assets.”  More from the filing:  “The Trust intends to achieve this objective by investing substantially all of its assets in bitcoin traded primarily in the over-the-counter (“OTC”) markets, though the Trust may also invest in bitcoin traded on domestic and international bitcoin exchanges, depending on liquidity and otherwise at the Trust’s discretion. The Trust is not actively managed. It does not engage in any activities designed to obtain a profit from, or to ameliorate losses caused by, changes in the price of bitcoin.”  Thus, SolidX Bitcoin Shares will be a very similar product to the  Bitcoin Investment Trust  (OTC: GBTC), a creation of Grayscale Investments and the most popular bitcoin investment product wrapped in a traditional financial instrument. GBTC is currently traded over-the-counter (OTC), which makes it far less liquid than if it was listed on an SEC-regulated exchange.  Fund Seeks to Target High Net-Worth Investors in Bid for SEC Approval  This bitcoin ETF proposal is targeting wealthy investors in response to SEC concerns over marketing such products to retail buyers.  As CCN  reported , the SEC has raised significant concerns about giving a bitcoin ETF its stamp of approval, largely due to the fact that this will make this volatile, high-risk investment product much more accessible to retail investors.  However, this fund  — VanEck’s  third attempt  to create and list a bitcoin ETF  — has attempted to evade those concerns by making shares too expensive for most retail investors to purchase. As of the date of the registration statement, each share represented approximately 25 bitcoins, worth roughly $150,000 at the time of writing.  That’s not the only difference between this fund and other proposed bitcoin ETFs. Given regulatory concerns about the integrity of cryptocurrency spot markets, most bitcoin ETF proposals stated that the funds would instead trade bitcoin futures, which are regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). SolidX Bitcoin Shares, in contrast, will hold bitcoin directly  — or at least through a custodian.  Individuals can send the SEC comments on the proposal through the agency’s  internet comment form  or by emailing  [email  protected]  All submissions should include filing number SR-CboeBZX-2018-040 on the subject line.  Images from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Hayes: A Positive Regulatory Etf Will Push Bitcoin to $50,000 in 2018 Twitter  Arthur Hayes, the Co-Founder and CEO of BitMEX, a Peer-to-Peer Trading Platform that offers leveraged contracts that are bought and sold in Bitcoin predicts that the pioneer cryptocurrency will sell for at least $50,000 by the end of 2018.  Hayes made his prediction while speaking on the  CNBC Fast Money show  on June 29 2018. This prediction has been described as a “SuperBowlish Forecast”.  One step away  According to Hayes, the cryptocurrency is just one positive regulatory decision away from climbing through $20,000 on its way to $50,000 by the end of the year.  Considering the slump in price that Bitcoin has experienced for most part of 2018, Hayes remains bullish, noting such as a normal correction.  “I think that something that goes up to $20,000 in one year can have a correction down to $6,000 and will definitely find a bottom at about $3,000 and $5,000 range”,  says Hayes.  This insinuation definitely upholds the opinions of most long term investors who have continued to HODL, seeing every deep as an opportunity to buy more Bitcoins into their portfolios.  Volatility depends on Price  BitMEX is the  world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange  by volume, and Hayes says that his company has so far tripled its total trading volume of 2017 already in what he describes as a great year.  While a lot of people may assume that cryptocurrency volatility, especially Bitcoin is simply all about price movement, Hayes, whose company actually thrives on volatility explains that the slump in price actually reduces the level of volatility in the market. Hence, for the market to be vibrant, increased capitalization is necessary.  Hayes expresses confidence in the predicted trend reversal citing historical patterns that have seen Bitcoin post some significant corrections in the past. In his opinion, the cycles are even expected to happen quicker these days considering the increased volume being traded in the market.  One of the key positive regulations that Hayes suggest will trigger this forecasted bullish rum for Bitcoin is the ETF. He notes that the  ETF  will bring real money to the table, as primary dealers have to go and get inventory, and there will be subscriptions for real money to buy the asset.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Envion ICO Scandal: Court Rules in Cryptocurrency Mining Firm Founders ’ Favor Twitter  Since our last  article  on the unfolding situation with the deadlocked Envion ICO, a group identifying themselves to CCN as Concerned Envion Investors have been working to produce evidence that CEO Mathias Woestmann snatched the company from the founders and falsified documents to seal the deal.  Now they claim to have that evidence.  The case is complex  – it centers around Envion AG, the company founded to produce  cryptocurrency mining  units, and also involves Apaton Capital AG, Apaton Finance GmBH, Boerseman GmBH, Quadrat Capital, Sycamore GmBH, Der Finanzinvestor, and BIG (Blockchain Intelligence Group).  The public aspect of the case began with Envion CEO claiming that $40 million worth of tokens had been illegally generated:  “In addition to the 86 million tokens issued legitimately in the ICO, another 40 million have been generated without the knowledge of the Board of Directors. These were parked on various virtual wallets, some of which were then further distributed. After advertising the tokens on social media platforms, a portion of these digital securities was sold by the fraud perpetrators to  crypto exchanges. ”  Envion CEO Woestmann agreed that fraud had taken place, saying:  “It was our ambition to make crypto mining go green. I am all the more disappointed by this fraud, which has stricken not only our company, but also the entire Blockchain world.”  A forensic investigation has been carried out Blockchain Intelligence Group (BIG), hired by Envion AG led which is now led by Woestmann. Woestmann has not released the full report, although  claims  it supports his accusations of illegal token generation. BIG created a  short blog post  explaining that their role is simply to analyze and review data, not to place blame at anyone ’s doorstep. The supposedly independent auditor went on to say:  “Blockchain Intelligence Group was contracted by Envion AG to conduct a forensic cryptocurrency investigation. This is the full extent of our relationship with Envion. ”  However, that does not appear to be true.  Investors, founders, and journalists at  FinTelegram  allege that companies headed by Woestmann promoted and partnered with BIG during and after an early-stage capital raise  – if true, the conflict of interest is such that they should never have been hired as auditors.  Woestmann is  listed  as a director of the Apaton Group, although his name has now been removed from the official company website. Apaton announced a  partnership  with BIG in April. BIG was promoted in the investment letter Der Finanzinvestor, and  www.boersenman.de , a domain allegedly owned by Woestmann, redirects to Der Finanzinvestor, linking him to the company and demonstrating his role in the establishment of BIG through multiple channels.  Source: FinTelegram  It seems that as early as January with the ICO ongoing, a feud had developed between Woestmann and the founders  — contact was cut for four months without investor knowledge and with no progress in that time. The founders accused the CEO of squeezing them out  – when investors challenged Woestmann to respond he released a  video  now stating that the founders had illegally created an additional 20 million tokens, not 40 million.  It emerged that, a month after the ICO, tokens were sold on exchanges by the founders despite there being a token freeze. Citing counterfeit tokens, Woestmann implemented a token swap to return investor funds with the promise that holders of original ICO tokens would be refunded, although buyers of  “illegal ” tokens would need to sue the creators of said tokens for their money back.  The founders  claimed  that their token sale was carried out to fund Trado GmBH and ultimately Envion itself after Woestmann allegedly stopped paying for hardware and staff wages. Founder Laurent Martin spoke to CCN saying:  “There is no such thing as additional tokens. It’s a fictitious construct created by Woestmann to distract from charges against him. We filed in court in early May. There had never been talk of extra tokens at that point. He found out about the court case and levied his false fraud charges on May 16 th . ”  A pseudonymous  Medium poster  claiming to be an investor alleges that the founders implemented a smart contract function allowing them to receive and sell tokens during the freeze period, that the feature was added after the audit was completed without informing investors, and that the token dump was not compliant with SEC regulations.  The founders insist that the sale was carried out through a third party and that their lawyers ensured that they were legally compliant throughout. When asked about whether the smart contract had been altered, Martin was tight-lipped, simply saying:  “The prospectus was correctly executed. The smart contract is a means to execute the prospectus. Further discussion is irrelevant. ”  Investors pointed out innacuracies in the Medium post slamming the founders, responding today to claims that 12.6 million EVN were sold by saying:   The second wallet can be viewed  here .  Meanwhile, the founders claim that Woestmann refused to burn tokens when requested and used powers granted to him temporarily to aid the ICO process to take over the company through a covert capital increase which diluted the founder shares from 81 percent to 31 percent, enabling Woestmann to take control.  Woestmann ’s associate Thomas van Aubel and his wife Jutta Freifrau von Falkenhausen now hold a 61.5 percent share in Envion AG via their company Sycamore GmbH, and Woestmann has been referred to by investors as a front man for Van Aubel.  Founder ’s spokesman Michael Luckow commented on the case saying:  “Van Aubel and his wife, Jutta von Falkenhausen, are clearly behind the envion coup. Woestmann is just a henchman, a lackey. Woestmann finally admits in his press release precisely what van Aubel tried to cover up—even in court—that van Aubel had the company hijacked by his friend Matthias Woestmann at the expense of investors who have now lost a lot of money. Woestmann and van Aubel have thereby destroyed a lot of investors’ capital.”  On Thursday 21 June an injunction filed by Trado GmBH against Sycamore GmBH and Quadrat Capital GmBH was passed with the court ruling the capital increase and resulting share dilution as an  illegal breach of contract , citing  “ collusion behavior by the two managing directors [Woestmann and van Aubel]”  with  intentional injury, a violation of the German Civil Code (§ 826 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch, BGB).  Speaking to CCN, Woestmann said that things were far from over between him and the founders:  “The ruling was an injunction, i.e. a freeze of the current status, not a final ruling. Its sole purpose is to prevent any change  – because the actual legal proceedings may take several years in which the underlying situation which is subject to a future court ruling might otherwise change and so that the final ruling would run empty. ”  With the founders accused of manipulating the smart contract as well as losing control of the company and the CEO being found in breach of contract when transferring shares to his associate ’s company, it ’s difficult to say who is in the wrong. Arguably both parties have had a hand in the standoff now facing the project, but unfortunately it is Envion ’s 30,000 investors who have paid the heaviest price.  Martin Laurent stated:  “The founders will continue court actions against Quadrat Capital and Sycamore: Woestmann, Thomas van Aubel, Jutta von Falkenhausen, and Dinnies von der Osten until such time as they decide to return shares to the founders. ”  Concerned Envion Investor group, for their part, acknowledged that the founders had made their share of mistakes in allowing the company and associated funds to be taken over in the first place, while categorically stating that Woestmann has clearly manipulated documents and figures to support his version of events.  “All the numbers stack up completely when based on the Old Prospectus. Woestmann won ’t release the full [BIG] report so we can ’t fully analyse. Investors took barely 30 minutes to pull the press release apart  – everything was accounted for. We also ran our own analysis as there are open source tools to do so on the blockchain. The data doesn ’t lie. ”  They expressed a wish to see the matter finalized soon, but all parties are aware that there are more battles to be fought before the $100 million mining project can commence operations and begin granting investors what they paid for.  “It ’s getting painful now and we just wish it was over, ” the investor group spokesperson said.  “Matthias Woestmann is putting up a strong front, but behind closed doors, he ’s done. Thomas van Aubel is more difficult. ”  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Cybercriminals Are Moving from Ransomware to Cryptojacking: Kaspersky Lab Twitter  According to a  report  published by Kaspersky Lab, a global cybersecurity company, there has been a significant shift from ransomware-related attacks to crypto-mining malware. The report claims that this type of attack  — known as cryptojacking  — has become a more profitable prospect for hackers and is the reason for the decline in ransomware attacks.  In 2017, Ransomware like  WannaCry  caused global havoc after spreading to several organizations including several UK National Health Service hospitals across England and Scotland. The ransomware targeted a Microsoft Windows exploit, encrypted all user files on a computer, and demanded bitcoin payments as a ransom to unlock the files. However, the report referred to them as an “isolated surge than a trend.”  “The total number of users who encountered ransomware fell by almost 30%, from 2,581,026 in 2016-2017 to 1,811,937 in 2017-2018, ” the report stated. There has been a significant decline, of about 22.5%, of ransomware attacks on mobile devices.  Many cryptojacking attacks use zombie computers to mine monero (XMR), which is anonymous and ASIC-resistant.  The report also indicated that the number of users who encountered malicious miners increased by almost 44.5% in the last year. Factors such as the simple monetizing model of mining, discreteness of mining software, and the ease of creating these miners all have contributed in making  cryptojacking  a more lucrative attack vector compared to ransomware.  Mobile-based mining attacks have seen a steady growth along with PC based attacks. Although PCs provide more computational power for mining the report stated that “Both percentages and absolute figures show us that mobile mining is an emerging threat, targeting developing countries.” Venezuela, Myanmar, and Nepal were among the top three countries affected by mobile-based cryptojacking attacks.  Developing countries such as India and China make up for a one-third of the market share for smartphone devices. The report also discussed browser-based mining which is carried out by executing a special script into the victim’s web page.  “The number of targeted attacks on businesses, for the purpose of installing miners, raises questions about whether mining might eventually follow in the footsteps of ransomware actors. Big money loves silence, and if miner actors attract as much attention to themselves as ransomware did, life will get complicated for them.”  In similar research, McAfee, an American cybersecurity firm, concluded that cryptojacking malware was on the rise. The report claimed that the number of crypto-mining malware attacks rose by over 600 percent in the first quarter of 2018 alone.  In a statement to the  Financial Times  Steve Grobman, CTO of McAfee, stated “With the rise in the value of cryptocurrencies, market forces are driving criminals to crypto jacking and the theft of cryptocurrency. ”  Images from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Zcash Governance Panel Votes Against Prioritizing ASIC Resistance Twitter  In a  vote  led by the Zcash Foundation, the Zcash community voted against prioritizing ASIC resistance in the protocol. The governance panel consisted of 64 elected individuals from the Zcash community.  In May, Chinese hardware manufacturer Bitmain  released  the first ASIC miner for Zcash. Several people have expressed concerns over this stating that ASICs would lead to centralization of mining and being ASIC resistant is a key step towards decentralization.  In response to this, the Zcash foundation  stated  that it would make ASIC resistance an immediate technical priority. Josh Cincinnati, executive director of the foundation, stated that they would convene a technical advisory board to investigate the presence of ASICs on the ZEC network.  However, in its first election conducted the Zcash foundation saw 45 votes disagreeing with prioritizing ASIC resistance while 19 voted in favor of it. In a separate proposal which sought to commit resources towards “Selecting a thermodynamically efficient (not ASIC-resistant!), currently unused proof-of-work algorithm” and “Hosting and building an open hardware specification f or the selected PoW algorithm,” among other things, the panel voted “Agree” by a 38-26 majority.  The Zcash community governance panel voted against prioritizing ASIC resistance, a move that many found surprising.  This seems to indicate that although the panel does not want to indulge resources into making the cryptocurrency ASIC resistant right now it plans to make mining more efficient and accessible in the future to make sure the network is decentralized to the maximum extent.  However, the news has been received with a mixed response from the community with many claiming that not working towards ASIC resistance would kill GPU miners and cause problems in the long run. To put this in context, the three largest mining pools of  bitcoin  and  ethereum  have more than 51% of the hashrate.  The ballot also witnessed a vote on several other key proposals. In a narrow vote, the panel voted against reevaluating the foundation’s position on monetary policy and/or supply schedule of the protocol. The panel voted 48 for and 15 against on prioritizing transfer of ownership of the cryptocurrency ’s trademark from the Zcash company to the cryptocurrency ’s non-profit foundation. Three new members have also been elected for the foundation board.  As CCN  reported  earlier, the Zcash network experienced its first hard fork, Overwinter, earlier this week. The developers stated that this network upgrade would help smooth the path for future protocol upgrades such as Sapling, which is scheduled for later this year.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Japan’s Crypto-Friendly Regulator to Leave in Summer, What Will Change? Twitter  Nobuchika Mori, Japan’s longest-serving regulator and chief of Japan’s Financial Services Agency (FSA) who is responsible for most of the crypto regulations imposed by the Japanese government, is expected to leave this summer, according to FT.  Mori’s Forward-Thinking Approach  For many years, with strict capital controls and money laundering policies, Japan has always been known as a conservative region regarding policies pertaining to the finance sector and emerging markets. Traditionally, the Japanese authorities preferred not to take any risk in legitimizing new asset classes and emerging markets to ensure a platform is not provided to criminals,  money launderers, and crime syndicates.  However, the conservative regulatory approach towards the finance sector and emerging markets inevitably led Japan to drift off from the forefront of technological development and innovation. Consequently, Mori established a new and a more aggressive strategy to welcome emerging markets, new technologies, and asset classes.  Leo Lewis, a Tokyo Correspondent for FT and a financial analyst based in Japan, emphasized that in recent years, starting with Japan’s integration of a national licensing program for crypto exchanges, Mori and his team of regulators have focused on implementing policies that can create a better ecosystem for startups and innovative fintech companies.  “Mr Mori knew, intimately, that Japan’s financial sector had fallen behind in IT, fintech, blockchain and its general embrace of the digital. Faced with an exciting, emerging genre that had already captured the imagination of the Japanese public, it must have been tempting to overlay on to crypto a load of pre-existing national ambitions centered on tech start-ups, fintech and  encouraging more retail cash to flow around the system,” Lewis explained.  The admittance of Mori that Japan has fallen behind neighboring countries like China and South Korea in the technology, fintech, and cryptocurrency industries primarily due to overly strict and impractical regulations guided the Financial Services Agency (FSA) and other local financial agencies to overhaul existing regulatory frameworks and create new policies to embrace startu ps.  The forward-thinking approach of Mori and the rest of the FSA allowed Japan to eventually evolve into the largest crypto exchange market in the world, easily surpassing the US and South Korea. According to CryptoCompare, the Japanese market accounts for more than 62 percent of global bitcoin trades, nearly three-fold larger than the US.   The data shown above obtained from CryptoCompare is cryptocurrency market data as of June 28, subsequent to the $500 million hacking attack suffered by Coincheck, formerly Japan’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange. Even after the largest security breach in the history of the cryptocurrency industry, Japan has still been able to remain as a dominant force within the cryptocurrency market.  Influence Over Other Markets  Mori’s strong presence in the Japanese finance sector and Japan’s influence over the global cryptocurrency sector have affected various major cryptocurrency markets including the US and South Korea. This week, the South Korean financial authorities have drafted a new guideline for money laundering prevention targeted at crypto exchanges, based on the efforts of the Japanese government in cracking down money laundering activities by crime syndicates.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   What’s the Motive Behind Pornhub’s Listing of Verge and now Tron? Twitter  Pornhub, the largest pornographic-video platform in the world, is set to  integrate Tron .  In April, CCN reported that Verge, a privacy-focused cryptocurrency, disclosed its strategic partnership with Pornhub, with the announcement made by Pornhub vice president Corey Price, who stated:  “The volatility of crypto is concerning for subscriptions with recurring payments. As such, at present, we aren ’t offering it for recurring payments, though we are in the process of working to do so. Our services have fixed prices in fiat so the value in cryptocurrency will change ”.  Nature of Pornhub-Verge Partnership  The initial partnership led investors to ponder about the nature of the Pornhub-Verge partnership and the motive behind the listing given that contrary to the optimism of Pornhub towards the cryptocurrency market, the platform has not integrated any of the major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, and Bitcoin Cash.  More to that, if privacy was the main concern of Pornhub, it would have considered Monero, Zcash, and Dash, three anonymous cryptocurrencies with longer track records, more active developer communities, and bigger userbases ahead of Verge.  The controversial partnership between Verge and Pornhub triggered rumors that the developers of Verge paid the pornographic platform a significant sum of money to have its token listed on the site. While the Verge team has not disclosed the intricacies of the partnership, the community assumed that Verge had to incentivize the Pornhub team in some way to have its cryptocurrency  listed on the platform.  This week, according to Variety, Pornhub has revealed that it is listing Tron and ZenCash next. Following its listing of Verge. Justin Sun, the CEO of Tron, said that it has secured an exclusive deal with Pornhub to expose it 90 million users to Tron, which recently launched its mainnet.  Price, the vice president of the company, said:  “Decentralized payment systems have continued to grow in popularity, and cryptocurrency adoption is exploding across a broad economic spectrum. Today, cryptocurrencies are especially viable in the adult entertainment industry because they are privacy-centric and incorporate more anonymity tools than traditional tender.”  Based on the statement of Price, the supposed motive of the Pornhub team in integrating cryptocurrencies is to leverage the anonymous and privacy-centric nature of digital assets. However, Tron and ZenCash are not privacy-focused cryptocurrencies, and the company has not listed the most widely utilized three anonymous cryptocurrencies in the market.  More to that, the belief of Pornhub in the potential of cryptocurrency and the adoption of digital assets contradicts its decision to list digital assets with significantly less adoption in contrast to major digital assets like bitcoin and Ethereum. If the primary concern of Pornhub was to increase the adoption of cryptocurrencies, it would have listed digital assets with activ e communities and userbases.  Pornhub Wants to List Digital Assets That Pay a Lot of Money  Based on its listing of Verge, Tron, and ZenCash, three cryptocurrencies that are less than a year old and have limited userbases, it is evident that the platform is only willing to list and integrate cryptocurrencies that are willing to pay the platform a significant sum of money to process its payments in digital assets.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin and Ether Surge 11% as Crypto Market Suddenly Adds $26 Billion Overnight Twitter  The crypto market has added more than $26 billion in the past 24 hours, as major assets including bitcoin, Ethereum, and Bitcoin Cash rose by more than 10 percent.  Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Bitcoin Cash are Today’s Big Gainers  Major digital assets recorded large gains on June 30, as the volume of the crypto market suddenly surged by several billions dollars. With bitcoin and Ether, the native cryptocurrency of the Ethereum blockchain protocol, leading the market with solid 11 percent gains, other large digital assets such as EOS, Stellar, Cardano, IOTA, and NEO also rose substantially in value.   Today’s corrective rally of bitcoin, Ether, and the rest of the crypto market can be mainly attributed to the recovery of the daily trading volume of major cryptocurrencies. Prior to the corrective rally, the volume of bitcoin and Ether remained below $3 billion and $1.2 billion respectively. Over the past 24 hours, the volume of BTC rebounded to $4.7 billion while the volume of ETH rose to $1.6 billion.  Although the price of BTC has increased by 11 percent from below $5,800 to $6,400, it will need to remain above the $6,100 resistance level in the upcoming days and secure momentum in the $6,500 region to initiate a proper short-term rally.  The bitcoin price has remained relatively stable around the $6,400 region over the past 12 hours, struggling to make any major movement on both the upside and downside. Other digital assets have kept their support levels for over 12 hours.  As of current, exponential and simple moving averages demonstrate a positive indicator in the short-term, but various momentum oscillators and indicators suggest that the momentum of bitcoin has slowed down in the past 12 hours, pointing towards a downtrend in the short-term.  It is too early to conclude that bitcoin has entered a bull cycle and a proper short-term rally. There exists a bigger probability that the recent increase in the price of BTC was a corrective rally from its sudden drop from $6,500 to $5,800, and due to the abrupt surge in the value of major digital assets, in the upcoming days, the value of most cryptocurrencies are likely to drop slightly, retreating from today’s strong recovery.  $50,000 by 2018 Target Still in Play  Arthur Hayes, the CEO at BitMEX, a major bitcoin exchange, stated that his mid-term BTC price target of $50,000 by the end of 2018 is still in play.  Hayes emphasized that the correction of BTC and the crypto market is different to its correction in 2014, because a significantly larger number of investors are involved in the market.  “In 2013 to 2015, we went for $1,200 to $200. In 2015 to 2017, (we went from) $200 To $20,000. So, we’ve done these sort of moves before. I think the time span is going to shorten because you have many more people involved in the market, who have invested capital and resources to trade this asset class,” said Hayes, noting that if BTC is capable of rising to $20,000 in a single year, a drop to $6,000 should also be expected.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin, Gold-Backed Currency Can Coexist in Free Society: Ron Paul Twitter  Ron Paul , a former member of the U.S. Congress and a Distinguished Counselor to the Mises Institute, has called for the legalization of competition to the U.S. dollar and a debate over the future of fiat currency, precious metals, and cryptocurrency. Writing for the Mises Institute  website , he claims the U.S. does not have a free market economy since a conglomerate of people both in and out of the government run the economy, which is destined to crash.  The Mises Institute promotes the ideas of the Austrian school of economics, individual freedom and world peace.  Central Planning Creates Problems  Paul argues against central planning of the economy.  By manipulating the economy, certain individuals prevent market forces from correcting the mistakes that central planners make continuously. In time, Paul believes the market proves to be stronger than government manipulation, but the longer the manipulation continues, the greater the “bubble that always bursts.”  In the U.S., central planners want people to believe the  dollar  is strong and the reserve currency is secure, he noted, without considering the number of new dollars being produced. Politicians are quick to claim that the country ’s high foreign debt is someone else’s fault, but not related to the government’s economic and monetary mismanagement.  The U.S. government publishes reports that claim inflation is low and should be raised under the guise that higher prices will indicate economic gains, Paul noted. He points to the Consumer Price Index and Gross Domestic Product as statistics that government officials manipulate to show economic growth. But anyone paying household bills knows these reports are false.  During the Great Depression, the government controlled the price of  gold  and decided who received the gold. This was done to demonetize precious metals. Today, central bankers manipulate the dollar price of gold to create the impression the dollar is stronger than it actually is, Paul noted.  Manipulation Continues  Source: Shutterstock  The system keeps stock and bond prices artificially high to benefit Wall Street, he claims. This is accomplished by keeping interest rates lower than market rates, which results in financial bubbles and economic distortions.  Officials claim that “deficits don’t matter,” but this is a fallacy, Paul contends, and one that is setting the stage for an economic crash.  The Federal Reserve has never warned of impending trouble, even when it was imminent. In Paul’s opinion, the Fed chairmen don’t know any better and they also don’t want to do anything that will cause panic.  The Plunge Protection Team (PTT), the president’s working group on financial markets, has been protecting Wall Street money managers from stock and bond market corrections since 1987, Paul claims.  Today’s growing stock market Paul finds interesting considering there is a net outflow of market funds. This indicates that the major correction needed by the PPT has not occurred.  Unusually low-interest rates allow buybacks, mergers and direct involvement in buying bonds and stocks by the PPT with funds the Fed has secretly provided to manipulate the gold price.  The Treasury’s Exchange Stabilization Fund, which President Franklin Delano Roosevelt funded in 1934 with gold confiscated at $20 an ounce and repriced at $35, continues to be allowed to engage in foreign exchange rates and the gold market, in Paul’s opinion.  Are People Waking Up?  Given the current problems, many people are realizing that excessive spending on war and welfare have created massive debt, and that such spending could not occur without the Federal Reserve permitting it. One possible solution is an alternative monetary system.  Various efforts are being considered to replace the fiat dollar with gold or cryptocurrencies, Paul noted, while other countries are challenging the dollar as the globe’s reserve currency.  When the price of an ounce of gold jumped from $35 to $800 in 1971, the dollar weakened, and Congress established a commission to examine the role of gold in the monetary system. Paul was a member of that commission, which voted (over Paul’s and others’ objections) to expand the fiat dollar standard, ensuring the problems would get worse.  The world is once again considering using gold in the monetary system. Those opposed to the renewed interest in gold and in blockchain technology are against a nongovernment alternative to the current monetary system.  Fiat money, being institutionalized by government, guarantees its mismanagement, Paul claims. It entices government spending and lobbying by special interests. Unfair distribution of wealth is a fiat money system characteristic.  The collapse in 1971 of the Bretton Woods Agreement that officially linked the dollar to gold led to the era of fiat dollar dominance as the world’s reserve currency, Paul noted. This has in effect created a government license to steal and led to the current financial crisis.  Alternative Currencies Sought  Ron Paul says that bitcoin and a gold-backed currency are not necessarily mutually exclusive. | Source: Shutterstock  As the dollar has begun to fall in value, the race is on to find a replacement.  The leading contenders for Paul are a return to precious metals and cryptocurrencies. He said it is important to make sure that people can make the choice without being coerced by central banks or the government.  Such a decision will take a long time.  Competition is needed to determine if blockchain technology can deliver a currency that will supplant the historic acceptance of precious metals as money, Paul said.  He hopes U.S. leaders have enough sense before a crisis such as the one in Venezuela occurs. The market is capable of separating the advantages and disadvantages of precious metals and cryptocurrencies.  Cryptocurrencies and the gold standard could co-exist, Paul said.  The biggest challenge will be meeting the need to offer a currency with a specific definition of the unit of account. Such a definition cannot be arbitrary.  Today’s challenge is to consider the knowledge gained over thousands of years about money’s nature and apply it to today’s technology.  A manageable currency has to deliver confidence that a monetary unit can be reliably exchanged for something of value.  A lot of work will need to be done to control the power of government in order for society to be in a position to accept a denationalized monetary system, Paul noted. A modern currency will require an understanding of the proper role of government.  Politicians and investors are realizing the system of debt is not sustainable are quietly preparing for negative scenarios.  Also read:  51% of respondents choose bitcoin over gold and fiat; Ron Paul survey  Paul ’s Action Plan  Paul suggests the following measures:  Legalization of competing currencies. The removal of capital gains and sales taxes on money. Zero tolerance for fraud. The repeal of fall legal tender laws. An audit of and possible elimination of the Federal Reserve. Exposing the fraud of fractional reserve banking. Audit the CIA, Pentagon and foreign expenditures. End bailouts of both private and government entities. Consider crypto, precious metal and real estate ownership. Consider expatriation for some.  None of the measures, warns Paul, will help if the government is able to expand its power. He hopes that blockchain technology will not be used to support a value-added tax to give the establishment even more power to collect taxes.  Images from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   VeChain Thor Blockchain Launches, Token Swap to Take Place Mid-July Twitter  VeChain has officially launched its main network and the first block has been mined successfully.  VeChain Mainnet Launches  VeChain Thor is a blockchain platform aimed at driving enterprise businesses to use blockchain solutions.  The main network launch was preceded by deploying the first authority master node.  VeChain  utilizes a Proof-of-Authority consensus algorithm, in which approved validators mine blocks to produce faster transaction speeds compared to other blockchains. Although critics have expressed concerns of centralization, VeChain believes that this mechanism would be optimal for businesses by providing them with a better-performing network.   At exactly 08:00:09 the first block was successfully mined. The VeChainThor Blockchain has officially launched.  pic.twitter.com/aYZs19GoAO  — VeChain Foundation (@vechainofficial)  June 30, 2018   VeChain is also a dual token system consisting of VeChain Token (VET) and VeThor Token (THOR). Network users are rewarded with the latter when they hold the former, which is also the case with NEO  & GAS. The VeChain Token can be used to deploy applications on the platform where as VeThor can be used to pay for applications and other transactions over the network. VeChain claims that this economic model is better suited for enterprises than the one in other blockchains, such as Ethereum and Bitcoin, where higher usage drives the cost of the utility token and subsequently  the cost of deploying and operations in the protocol.  In an official  blog post  earlier this year, the foundation announced it’s “grand aspirations to make financial services sector one of our main focuses on our development plan”. They also announced their partnership with a property mortgage loan provider Fanghuwang.com, a subsidiary of Beijing Baisheng Technology Co., Ltd. They also reported partnerships with BMW, Groupe Renault, and DNV GL.  Token Swap  Until now, VeChain has existed in the form of an  ERC-20 token  on the Ethereum blockchain. In an  announcement  detailing the roadmap moving forward, the foundation stated that they would engage in negotiations with exchanges to perform the token swap to become an independent network. The roadmap also detailed plans to launch a mobile wallet and ledger integration.  Bithumb, Korean based exchange which listed VET in April, has already  announced  its intention to support the token swap. As CCN  reported  earlier Bithumb, South Korea’s largest cryptocurrency exchange has announced that they were victims of a hack that stole nearly $30 million worth of funds. They stated that they would offer full compensation to customers who lost their funds. As of June 30, they were  reported  to have recovered nearly half of the assets stolen.  VET is currently the 17th largest cryptocurrency with a  market cap  of about $1.4 billion as of writing. The token, which peaked at $8.51 in January, is currently trading at about $2.65.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Electric Scooter Startup Spin Seeks $125 Million In ‘Security Token Offering’ Twitter  An electric scooter startup called Spin is trying to raise close to $125 million in what’s called a security token offering (STO), which sells tokens backed by real-world financial instruments, according to  Axios  and confirmed by  TechCrunch .  The STO marks a new phase in funding following initial coin offerings, TechCrunch observed. STOs provide more security than  ICOs  since investors can purchase tokens backed by real-world financial assets. STOs, according to Axios, are “explicit securities” and not utilities.  Investors To Receive Company Revenue  Spin, which has already raised $8 million, according to TechCrunch, plans to raise funds from accredited investors who will receive revenue from the electric scooter business, according to an unnamed source.  Spin announced its expansion into the scooter industry in February, following Bird, which raised $300 million, and Lime, which raised $250 million, according to TechCrunch.  Sequoia Capital  led the Bird financing while GV led Lime’s.  TechCrunch published a chart showing Bird has secured $415 million in confirmed funding; Lime has raised $132 million in confirmed funding and $250 million in unconfirmed funding; Spin has raised $133 million in confirmed funding and Skip, another scooter company, has raised $31 million in confirmed funding.  Spin has secured an agreement with a company called Ninebot to buy 30,000 scooters per month for the remainder of 2018, the source said. Ninebot, according to its website, is a Beijing based company that makes and distributes short distance transportation vehicles.  Also read:  Binance CEO says ICOs are  ‘necessary, ’ most VCs  ‘have no clue ’  A New Direction  Prior to its recent expansion into scooters, Spin ran a bike sharing platform. Following its launch in Seattle, Spin moved its bike sharing operation to South San Francisco in August. In January, the company introduced a stationless electric bicycle.  Spin has since switched direction to focus on electric scooters, the source said.  Electric scooter companies are currently waiting for the  San Francisco  city government to decide if they can operate their scooters in the city.  Spin’s founders have also invested in Layer Protocol, a blockchain based “reputation and rewards” protocol they plan to eventually integrate with the company’s service, Axios noted. According to its website, the company provides a dockless scooter sharing program.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Crosses $6,300 as Trading Volume Spikes Twitter  The bitcoin price briefly crossed $6,300 on Friday after a surge in trading volume led to a significant price swing.  Bitcoin had languished below $6,000 for most of the day after  dipping below that mark  on Thursday. That changed at approximately 22:30 UTC, when a sudden spike in trading volume hurled the bitcoin price above the $6,000, $6,100, and $6,200 marks in quick succession.  The flagship cryptocurrency ultimately rose as high as $6,302, its highest mark since June 25, though it has since receded back to a present value of $6,238 heading into Saturday morning.  BTC Price Chart  Bitcoin currently has a $106.4 billion market cap, which translates into a 24-hour increase of more than five percent. Perhaps even more notably, the rally brought bitcoin ’s weekly chart into positive territory, and BTC is now up 1.18 percent over the past seven days.  The total cryptocurrency market cap, meanwhile, has recovered to $249.3 billion after declining as low as $232 billion on Friday during intraday trading.  There does not appear to have been a clear trigger for the rally. There has been renewed hope of the possibility of U.S. regulators  approving a bitcoin ETF  in the near future, but past denials have likely taught investors not to buy the rumor on these discussions.  Click  here  for a real-time bitcoin price chart.  
INCREASE	   Chilean Court Orders State-Owned Bank to Re-Open Bitcoin Exchange Orionx’s Account Twitter  The Fourth Chamber of the Court of Appeals of Santiago has recently ruled that state-owned Banco Estado has to re-open the account of bitcoin exchange Orionx, after it seemingly illegally shut it down.  As CCN covered, earlier this year Chilean banks Itau Corpbanca, Bank of Nova Scotia, and state-owned Banco Estado  shut down the accounts  of the country’s largest cryptocurrency exchanges Orionx, Crypto MKT, and Buda in what was deemed a blanket ban on the cryptocurrency industry.  At the time, Banco Estado revealed it decided “not to operate with companies that are dedicated to the issuance or creation, brokerage, intermediation or serve as a platform for the so-called cryptocurrencies.” In response,  exchanges took their case to an appeals court  that decided to hear them, while their accounts remained closed.  Orionx won its case as the court noted Banco Estado made an “arbitrary and illegal action, which constitutes a deprivation of the right protect by Article 19 No.2 of the Political Constitution of the Republic, that is, the right to equality before the law.”  According to local news outlet  La Tercera , the court found that “the plaintiff has been treated differently, because the deposit account has been closed by a policy the bank agreed to after the contract’s conclusion, and not by expressly agreed upon causes.”  The Chilean court added that “the closure affected the development of an economic activity not contrary to the law and that Orionx required the account to operate.”  Orionx’s victory is notably the second one cryptocurrency exchanges in Chile get, as in April the country’s anti-monopoly court ordered two major banks, Banco Estado and Itau Corpbanca, to re-open the accounts of Buda, an exchange that was seeing trading volumes of over $1 million per day before being shut down.  At the time, regarding the banks’ stance against cryptocurrency exchanges, Buda’s chief executive officer Guillermo Torrealba stated:  “They’re killing an entire industry. It won’t be possible to buy and sell crypto in a safe business in Chile. We’ll have to go back five years and trade in person. It seems very arbitrary.”  As recently covered Mario Marcel, president of Chile’s central bank, is c onsidering implementing cryptocurrency regulations , which would give the financial institution information needed to “monitor associated risks.”  Featured image from Flickr/ Wikimedia/Seba Flores .  
INCREASE	   BlackRock, the World ’s Largest Asset Manager, is Exploring Cryptocurrencies Twitter  Six months after its chief executive lambasted bitcoin as an “index of money laundering,” BlackRock  — the world’s largest exchange-traded fund (ETF) provider  — has set up a working group to explore how to profit from the burgeoning cryptocurrency ecosystem.  The  Financial News  reports that the $6.3 trillion asset manager has begun discussing whether to invest in bitcoin futures and is also exploring other ways to gain exposure to cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology.  The task force will also examine how its competitors are investing in the cryptocurrency industry and whether those ventures present a threat to  BlackRock ’s market share.  As CCN  reported , a number of ETF providers have sought  — thus far unsuccessfully  — to create and list the first bitcoin ETF on a regulated stock exchange. Other asset managers, including investment banking giant  Goldman Sachs , are setting up bitcoin trading desks to provide clients with access to the nascent asset class.  A BlackRock spokesperson was quoted in the report as stating that the firm has been “looking at blockchain technology for several years.”  The working group will report directly to senior management, a group that presumably includes CEO Larry Fink. Just six months ago, Fink  called  bitcoin an “index of money laundering” but praised blockchain technology, which he said will “transform how we do our business.”  Last October, he made  similar comments , arguing that the hype around bitcoin “just shows you how much demand for money laundering there is in the world.”  Nevertheless, Fink confirmed in a brief interview with  Reuters  that BlackRock had established a working group to explore bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.  “We are a big student of blockchain,” Fink said, stressing that he doesn’t see “huge demand for cryptocurrencies” even though the firm has begun investigating them more closely.  The  bitcoin price  saw a moderate recovery following the publication of the report, rising four percent to $6,609 over its previous-day level. The rally raised the cryptocurrency market cap to $266.6 billion, up from $254.2 billion on Sunday.  Featured Image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Korean Crypto Giant Bithumb Eyes Japan and Thailand for Expansion Twitter  South Korean exchange Bithumb has announced that it will  open new offices  in Japan and Thailand. According to local news outlet ZDNet, Bithumb is awaiting the approval of Japanese Financial Services Agency (FSA) and Thai Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).  Cryptocurrency Regulations in Japan  & Thailand  Bithumb explained that it chose Thailand because the e-commerce and fin-tech industry is extremely active in the country. Moreover, Thai regulators understand and welcome cryptocurrencies in order to promote  “smart city business ” – not only did the SEC  publicly accept ICOs  as the perfect way to support startups but also planned to regulate five of them last month. As a result of the crypto-friendly environment, Bithumb might start its operations in Thailand as early as October 2018.  Bithumb is banking that it can convince regulators in Japan to approve its cryptocurrency exchange application, even though its South Korea-based platform was hacked earlier this year  Japan, on the other hand, has been tightening its rules for crypto-related companies. In January 2018, Japanese crypto exchange  Coincheck was hacked ; the criminals were able to steal the money since funds were kept in a hot wallet. After a few months, Japanese cryptocurrency  Monacoin  also suffered a network attack by a miner. Thus, the FSA started cracking down on crypto exchanges that didn ’t follow the rules set by the organization by issuing business improvement orders. Last month, an exchange was  officially rejected  by the FSA for not establishing a proper system.  However, Bithumb is optimistic that its application will be accepted and the new office will commence its service in Japan in February 2019. In fact, the exchange plans to expand its business further and is looking for new global partners.  Does Bithumb ’s Decision Come at the Wrong Time?  However, it remains to be seen whether the FSA will grant Bithumb, which itself was recently hacked, authorization to operate in Japan. On June 2018, 2018, the crypto exchange suffered an attack, and $31 million from 11 different cryptocurrencies were stolen within a small amount of time. The remaining funds were quickly transferred from hot wallets to cold wallets. As  CCN reported  previously, Coincheck and Bithumb ’s hack had one thing in common: the platforms were simply not secure enough to defend against such attacks.  A few days later, Bithumb announced that it had  recovered 45% of the stolen funds . The exchange then went on to thank other crypto exchanges for supporting it in order to minimize the damages. Now, after two weeks of silence, Bithumb has notified everyone that it is taking a huge step by setting up two new offices.  If Bithumb manages to fix security issues and convince FSA successfully, then this decision will help the exchange regain its position in the top 10 crypto exchanges, despite the fact that it has lost some customers in South Korea as a result of its recent hack.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   ‘Bond Coin’: Thailand Plans Blockchain Token for Instant Securities Settlement Twitter  A prominent securities markets body in Thailand is preparing a blockchain-based token that will power instant clearing and settlements of corporate bonds.  After researching blockchain technology for a bond registrar services platform, the Thai Bond Market Association (TBMA) has revealed its intention to create a “Bond Coin”, a custom token on a private blockchain between permissioned participants including issuers and investors alongside regulators and registered firms.  Notably, the TBMA has already received permission from the Securities and Exchange Commission, the country’s securities market regulator, to develop the blockchain in a three-phase project expected to launch in August 2018, the  Bangkok Post  reports.  The first phase will involve the development of a bond registrar subscription system that will also be used to verify bond transactions, TBMA president Tada Phutthitada revealed. Even at the initial stage, the platform will be powered by smart contracts and will include a settlement information system, a subscription system and a verification system for corporate bonds. Further , the blockchain platform will also provide an information fact sheet with details including interest rates and payments, among other information. At this stage, the system will bring the operational process from 7-10 days down to 1-3 days.  The second phase, expected to take nine months, will include the servicing of bond deposits before the final leg concludes with the development of Bond Coin – complete with a clearing and settlement system using the custom token – over the next 12 months.  Once complete, the new blockchain infrastructure will facilitate instant clearing and settlement of corporate bonds compared to the present two-day period which involves the participation of middlemen who will no longer be needed in a decentralized trading flow.  The news follows a similar endeavor in Switzerland wherein the country’s foremost stock exchange unveiled its plan to launch  a fully-regulated crypto asset exchange  that facilitates the tokenization of traditional securities.  In Thailand, the development comes at a time when the domestic securities industry is gearing toward the launch of  a joint cryptocurrency exchange . Thailand’s national stock exchange has  already launched  a blockchain platform and marketplace to enable startups and small companies to gain financing through peer-to-peer trading.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   BitLicense #8: BitPay Becomes New York’s First Standalone Crypto Payment Processor Twitter  Cryptocurrency payment processor BitPay has become the eighth firm to receive a “BitLicense” from the New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS), which oversees what is arguably the most-restrictive state-level framework for the U.S. cryptocurrency industry.  The NYDFS announced on Monday that it had approved the Atlanta-based BitPay’s application, following a “comprehensive review” of the firm’s anti-money laundering, anti-fraud, capitalization, consumer protection, and cybersecurity policies.  “DFS welcomes BitPay to New York’s expanding and well-regulated virtual currency market,” said Financial Services Superintendent Maria T. Vullo. “We continue to work to support a vibrant and competitive virtual currency market that connects and empowers New Yorkers in a global marketplace while ensuring strong state-regulatory oversight is in place.”  Beginning today,  BitPay  can process cryptocurrency payments for New York merchants and residents, and the license also authorizes the company to issue cryptocurrency-funded debit cards in the state. At present, the company, which was founded in 2011, supports bitcoin and bitcoin cash.  BitPay is the first standalone cryptocurrency payment processor to receive a  BitLicense . Coinbase, which received its virtual currency license in 2017, also operates a merchant platform, but its core business revolves around cryptocurrency trading.  “New York state has one of the strictest policies around businesses involved in cryptocurrency and working through the approval processes to obtain a License was important to BitPay,” said Stephen Pair, CEO of BitPay. “We believe this hard work will pay off as New York presents significant business opportunities for BitPay.”  BitPay is just the eighth firm to receive a full BitLicense, despite the fact that the framework has been in force since 2015. However, the NYDFS has approved  half of those applications  in the past three months, perhaps suggesting that the agency is becoming more comfortable with the nascent but maturing industry.  Other NYDFS virtual currency license recipients include Square, Xapo, Genesis Global Trading, bitFlyer USA, Coinbase, Ripple (through a subsidiary called XRP II), and Circle. Gemini and Paxos (formerly itBit) have received NYDFS charters but not full licensure.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Privacy Coin Monero Successfully Completes First  “Bulletproofs ” Audit Twitter  Privacy Coin Monero (XMR) successfully completes the first audit for its new “bulletproofs” protocol.  In an official  blog post  back in December 2017, Monero announced its intentions to pursue including the bulletproofs mechanism into its protocol. They stated that bulletproofs would lead to “massive space savings, better verification times, and lower fees.”. The deployment was supposed to happen in two stages and be available for the test network before being deployed onto the main network.  Bulletproofs  were proposed by Stanford’s Applied Cryptography Group (ACG) with contributions from the members of University College London and Blockstream. Bulletproofs are an advancement to range proofs of zero-knowledge proofs mechanism, utilized by ZCash and some other cryptocurrencies.  In privacy coins such as Monero zero-knowledge proofs allow users to conceal their transaction amount from the public ledger while being a trustless network. In order to make sure the transaction is valid Range proofs are utilized. However, Range proofs consume a lot of space by the virtue of their design. Bulletproofs enables us to do the same task without consuming as much sp ace.  In the blog post, Monero stated that the implementation resulted in an 80% reduction of transaction size, and subsequently would lead to 80% reduction in transaction fees. There have been several discussions in the Ethereum and Bitcoin community over the possible integration of this mechanism.  In a tweet yesterday, Monero team confirmed that the first independent audit, performed by Kudelski Security, has been successfully completed.   The first audit (by Kudelski Security) of Monero compatible Bulletproofs has, bearing a few minor issues, been successfully completed!  https://t.co/qZk3FdhJ5L  — Monero || #xmr (@monero)  July 15, 2018   The  report  stated that they found four potential security issues of low or undetermined severity and eight observations related to general code safety of the implementation. The bulletproofs mechanism is now live on the Monero test network.  Two more audits by Benedikt Bünz, the co-author of the bulletproofs paper, and Quarkslab and are forthcoming and should be completed soon. The implementation is going to be integrated into the main network during the scheduled protocol upgrade of September/October.  In a  tweet  back in April, Charlie Lee, founder and developer of Litecoin, stated that “bulletproof is still a working progress”. Bulletproofs is definitely a promising breakthrough and we can expect more cryptocurrencies adopting this mechanism. Bulletproofs is one of the many proposed solutions  –such as lightning network, Schnorr signatures, and sharding – to tackle the scalability issue faced by all blockchains.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Swiss Stock Exchange Operator ‘Open’ to Cryptocurrency Trading on New Exchange Twitter  SIX, the operator and owner of Switzerland’s primary stock exchange, isn’t opposed to offering cryptocurrency trading on its new SIX Digital Exchange.  As  reported  by CCN earlier this month, Swiss Exchange Operator SIX announced plans to launch a fully compliant crypto assets exchange by mid-2019, dubbing it the Six Digital Exchange (SDX). The platform, which allows clients to tokenize their traditional securities and issue and trade custom digital tokens while conducting ICOs, is the ‘first market infrastructure in the world’ of its kin d for digital assets, SIX claimed.  At the time of its announcement, the exchange operator claimed SDX will not function as a platform to facilitate the direct trading of decentralized cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum. Instead, the idea behind the all-in-one, fully regulated ‘ecosystem’ was to help the traditional financial market digitize their assets, bankable or otherwise.  However, a spokesman for SIX Group has now confirmed that the SDX is ‘technically’ feasible in having the means to “be able to add various digital assets” like cryptocurrencies to the platform.  In an interview with regional publication  SwissInfo , SIX Group spokesman Stephan Meier was specifically asked if the new exchange would support the trading of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin.  In response, the spokesman revealed the operator is still in the process of developing the fully-regulated platform, hinting that the addition of any new digital or crypto asset “will go through a due diligence process.”  “So it is also still open whether cryptocurrencies or already existing ICO tokens can be traded,” he said, adding:  It is also still open whether cryptocurrencies can be traded and how a conversion into fiat would be facilitated.  If SIX decides to facilitate crypto trading through its new digital assets exchange, it would become the first major exchange operator in the world – fully regulated under the oversight of its financial regulator and the country’s central bank – to support cryptocurrency trading.  Further, the spokesman confirmed that SIX will also offer a complete ICO advisory service that includes the listing and trading of custom ICO tokens on its platform to clients in need of fundraising.  Bitcoin Swiss Franc image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Much Wow, Very Trade: Dogecoin is Now Listed on Robinhood Crypto Twitter  Stock trading app Robinhood has listed dogecoin on its commission-free cryptocurrency trading platform, the company announced on Monday.  The  parody cryptocurrency , created in 2013, currently ranks as the 44th-largest cryptocurrency, with a circulating market cap of $288 million. At its peak in early January, dogecoin’s market cap swelled as high as $2.1 billion, much to the  chagrin  of creator Jackson Palmer, who is no longer officially involved with the project.  Dogecoin’s listing brings the total number of cryptocurrencies available on Robinhood to five. Last week, the brokerage app  — which is better-known for its equities offerings  —  added support for bitcoin cash and litecoin , the first coins the firm had added since it launched earlier this year with bitcoin and ethereum trading. Users can currently add 11 other cryptoassets to their watchlist.  Dogecoin Market Cap | Source: CoinMarketCap  Robinhood Crypto is currently available in just 17 states, due to a patchwork of state-level regulations governing cryptocurrency trading. The firm is said to be  engaging in discussions  with regulators about applying for a national banking charter, which  — among other things  — would preempt local laws. For now, the firm is rolling out support for the feature on a state-by-state basis.  The company has also said that it plans to support cryptocurrency deposits, withdrawals, and transfers, likely indicating that it is building a full-fledged cryptocurrency wallet.  Notably, the announcement does not appear to have had a noticeable effect on the dogecoin price. DOGE/USD is up nearly five percent on Monday over its previous-day level, but DOGE/BTC has traded sideways, meaning that the coin’s USD appreciation is likely tied to a  report  that BlackRock, the world’s largest asset manager, has begun exploring investments in the cryptocurrency sector.  That stands in marked contrast to what happened on Friday, when five altcoins experienced  massive price increases  on the mere news cryptocurrency exchange and brokerage giant was “exploring” adding them to its stable of assets in the future, pending discussions with regulators and banking partners.  Robinhood, which now has more than 5 million users, recently raised $363 million at a $5.6 billion valuation. Company executives have said that they intend to operate the nascent cryptocurrency trading service as a break-even venture for the foreseeable future.  Featured Image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Markets Gear into Recovery Mode as EOS Rises 8% Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets appear to be in recovery mode on Monday after a rather torrid week where most coins reached 2018 lows.  Chief of the pack  was EOS which sees an 8% rise  to trade at well over the $7.30 level after having dropped as low as $6.50 last week.  However, the increases were not limited to EOS since other currencies also registered impressive increases. Stellar Lumens pushed forward and easily sailed over the $20 mark in the past 24 hours to settle at the $0.22 level at press time on Monday. Cardano was also up by around 5% to trade at the $0.145 level, also showing considerable momentum after having dropped to below the  $0.13 level only a couple of days ago.  Bitcoin also recovered, although at  a slower momentum  than other currencies. The price was at around $6350 on Binance at press time on Monday, a 3% increase after it had dropped to below the $6100 level on Friday. EOS had an excellent 48 hours with the price rising by at least 15% over that period and traded at $7.30 at press time. Ripple also showed positive movements and after dipping dangerously close to the $40 level, it char ged forward with a 5% increase, nearly touching the $0.45 mark.  Ethereum was also up by around 5% over 24 hours to trade at just below the $450 level although there were also signs that there could be a price pump in the not too distant future. Turnover seems to have increased over the apst 24 hours and this always bodes well for a rally.  Bitcoin Cash also maintained the  upward momentum  achieved on Sunday where it maintained a price of between $720 and $730 after having dropped to below the $680 mark a couple of days ago.  Litecoin also seemed to be in recovery mode and was trading at well over the $78 mark having dropped to well below the $75 level as recently as Friday. The 2% move forward also came on the back of further announcements that the currency was being adopted upon an array of payment systems. NEO also showed a positive movement forward rising by about 5% and trading at around $33.50  at press time.  Dash continued its slow recovery where it traded close to the $230 level on Monday at press time whilst IOTA once again traded at above the $1 level. The only currency in red in this sea of green was VEChain which saw a decline of around 10% to the $1.70 level. Other coins such as QTUM, ICX and ONT saw more modest increases of around 3%.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Billionaire Peter Thiel, Bitmain Lead Investment Round in EOS Creator Block.one Twitter  Billionaire Peter Thiel and bitcoin mining giant Bitmain are headliners in a star-studded investment round for Block.one, the creator of the EOS cryptocurrency.  Billionaires Headline Block.one Funding Round  Block.one  announced  the conclusion of the funding round on Monday, but the firm did not reveal its size or at what valuation it was conducted.  In any case, the offering attracted a cadre of high-profile investors.  Thiel, a PayPal co-founder and hedge fund manager, is a  bitcoin bull , though in public statements he has been less optimistic about the prospects of other cryptocurrencies.  Bitmain , the world’s largest producer of cryptocurrency mining hardware, is at least three times the combined size of its competitors, several of whom are themselves  believed  to be worth more than $1 billion.  Other investors included hedge fund billionaire Alan Howard, who  first invested in cryptocurrencies earlier this year  and has since made a “sizable” bet on the nascent sector, as well as Louis Bacon, founder of Moore Capital Management.  “As Block.one prepares to announce its future plans, we’re excited to welcome key strategic investors aligned with our values of creating a more secure and connected world,” said Block.one CEO Brendan Blumer, who was mum on what those “future plans” involve.  The funding round marked the second time that Block.one had raised capital through traditional avenues. A previous funding round attracted investments from Galaxy Digital founder  Mike Novogratz , Apeiron Investment Group founder Christian Angermayer, and Lansdowne Investment Company.  $4 Billion EOS Creator Keeps Raising More Money  Source: Shutterstock  The decision to seek outside funding has raised eyebrows, given that Block.one  raised more than $4 billion  in the year-long EOS initial coin offering (ICO), making it the highest-grossing token sale to date.  EOS launched last month amidst much  controversy , but the cryptocurrency has nevertheless managed to retain its position as the fifth-largest cryptocurrency. As of the time of writing, the asset had a circulating market cap of $7.1 billion.  Block.one obtained 100 million of the 1 billion EOS tokens distributed in the cryptocurrency’s Genesis block, and these tokens are currently worth nearly $800 million.  However, all of those funds are denominated in cryptocurrency, and  — particularly given the recent decline in trading volume  — it’s likely difficult to convert them into fiat currency without placing severe downward pressure on the cryptocurrency market.  Moreover,  Bloomberg  reports that the ICO funds are earmarked to fund the development of a blockchain-based operating system, though public details on this venture are scant. Block.one has also allocated $1 billion toward a VC operation designed to support development on the EOS platform.  Bitmain Diversifies Ahead of IPO  Bitmain CEO Jihan Wu | Source: YouTube/CoinGeek  As CCN  reported , Bitmain  — likely the most valuable company in the cryptocurrency industry  — has increasingly been spreading its wings through strategic investments in other sectors as it prepares to go public in the near future.  In addition to its investment in Block.one, Bitmain has been an  active participant  in the EOS ecosystem. AntPool, its mining pool subsidiary, currently counts itself among the 21 entities  — called “block producers”  — that verify transactions and enforce the EOS constitution on the cryptocurrency’s network, for which it earns a portion of all newly-generated tokens.  Earlier this month, the firm paid $50 million to obtain a controlling stake in Norwegian software company Opera Software AS, creator of the Opera web browser. Days later, the firm announced it was adding a  native Ethereum wallet  and decentralized application (dApp) viewer to the Android version of its web browser.  The firm has also been  leveraging  its ASIC development business to carve out a corner in China’s artificial intelligence (AI) market.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   G20 Watchdog Develops ‘Vigilant’ Cryptocurrency Monitoring Framework Twitter  The Financial Stability Board (FSB), an international body tasked to monitor the global financial system while coordinating regulation for G20 nations, has published a new framework for monitoring cryptocurrency assets.  With an  announcement  on Monday, the FSB published its report and revealed its standardized framework delivered to G20 finance ministers and central bank governors ahead of their meeting in Buenos Aries on July 21-22.  The framework, developed in coordination with the Committee on Payments and Market Infrastructures (CPMI)  – a committee comprising of the governors of the central banks of  G10 nations  – presents a number of metrics that the FSB ‘will use to monitor crypto-asset markets’, the report said.  An excerpt from the framework [ PDF ], explains:  “The objective of the framework is to identify any emerging financial stability concerns in a timely manner. To this end, it includes risk metrics that are most likely to highlight suck risks, using data from public sources where available. ”  Primary risk metrics include the market cap (both size and rate of growth), price levels and volatility of major cryptocurrencies.  ICO issuance and capital inflows and outflows from fiat currencies will be considered as wealth effect metrics while institutional metrics will also be analyzed to keep an eye on trading volumes, margining and interest among traditional financial markets.  The framework, the FSB adds, “should help to identify and mitigate risks to consumer and investor protection, market integrity, and potentially to financial stability.’  The FSB ’s proposed metrics includes keeping an eye on the value and growth of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ethereum.  Chaired by Bank of England governor Mark Carney, the FSB added:  “While the FSB believes that crypto-assets do not pose a material risk to global financial stability at this time, it recognises the need for vigilant monitoring in light of the speed of market developments. ”  The sweeping regulatory initiative sees other international regulatory bodies also undertaking ‘substantial work’ with their own crypto-related mandates.  As an example, the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) has now established an ICO (initial coin offering) Consultation Network to discuss possibilities and concerns surrounding the radical new form of fundraising powered by cryptocurrencies. Further, the body is also developing a ‘Support Framework’ to aid international member bodies to better understand the impact of domestic and international ICOs on local investors.  Another notable endeavor sees the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS), a banking committee established by G10 central bank governors, study banks’ direct and indirect exposure to cryptocurrencies while possibly outlining their treatment of crypto-assets.  The Financial Action Task Force (FATF), is also set to submit a separate report on money laundering and terrorist financing risks related to cryptocurrencies to G20 members.  Todays’ published report follows  a July deadline call  for preliminary regulatory recommendations by G20 nations during the summit meeting earlier in March this year. In an  initial letter  to G20 finance ministers and central bank governors at the time, FSB chair Mark Carney claimed crypto-assets do not represent a threat to the global financial system. He added that the initial assessment could change in time if cryptocurrencies gained usage as payment instruments in societies.  Featured image from Flickr/ Bank of England .  
INCREASE	   $12 Billion Bitmain’s Second Major Investment in 2018 is EOS Twitter  Bitmain, the world’s largest cryptocurrency company valued at $12 billion, and billionaire technology investor Peter Thiel have invested in Block.one, the development firm behind EOS.  Jihan Wu, the co-founder and CEO of  Bitmain , who is expecting to close a $12 billion initial public offering (IPO) this summer, said in an official statement that the  EOS protocol  has shown significant innovation over the past year, with its focus on creating a scalable ecosystem for  decentralized applications  (dApps) and commercial decentralized platforms.  “The EOSIO protocol is a great example of blockchain innovation. Its performance and scalability can meet the needs of demanding consumer applications and will pave the way for mainstream blockchain adoption,”  said  Wu.  Brendan Blumer, the CEO of Block.one, which has raised sufficient capital throughout its 12-month long $4 billion initial coin offering (ICO), emphasized that the company is currently interested in working with strategic investors that are aligned with the values and vision of the EOS team and community. Blumer stated:  “As Block.one prepares to announce its future plans, we’re excited to welcome key strategic investors aligned with our values of creating a more secure and connected world.”  Bitmain’s Second Major Investment in Two Months  Bitmain is best known for its bitcoin mining operation, but it has gradually been expanding its reach into other sectors.  In July, CCN  reported  that Bitmain became the biggest company in the cryptocurrency sector, easily surpassing Coinbase, Binance, and Ripple Labs with a staggering $12 billion market valuation.  Since forming its investment arm in early 2018, Bitmain has evolved into a proper conglomerate, initiating large-scale acquisitions and investments in the blockchain sector.  In May, Bitmain led a $110 million Series E round for  Circle , a cryptocurrency exchange and wallet platform, to financially back the company’s long-term plan of maintaining private central banks, those that are independent of the government, through the development of a properly audited and transparent stablecoin.  “Bitmain Co-founder and CEO Jihan Wu is well known for espousing a vision similar to ours regarding the creation and adoption of a new global economy powered by cryptographic assets, distributed contracts, and open source blockchain technology. We are excited to be working directly with Bitmain on realizing our shared vision,” Circle said at the time.  The investment of Bitmain into Block.one is its second major multi-million dollar investment in the cryptocurrency sector in a span of three months, prior to its planned IPO in the Hong Kong stock market (Bitmain also invested  $50 million  in web browser Opera).  In previous statements, Wu and the Bitmain team expressed their enthusiasm towards decentralized protocols and dApps, especially platforms that are able to attract and serve millions of users with a network that can handle large volumes of transactions and information.  The acquisition of a stake in Block.one is in line with Bitmain’s intent to expand throughout the cryptocurrency and blockchain sector, with its mining equipment manufacturing business and investment arm as the company’s two core businesses.  Where EOS Goes From Here  If EOS is technically capable of serving dApps with millions of users and process tens of thousands of transactions per second, it will need to gain an active developer community that is on par with that of Ethereum.  As of July,  Ethereum  is said to have more than 250,000 developers on its protocol, including those initiating ICOs and creating independent blockchain networks deployed on top of the Ethereum blockchain protocol.  Images from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Exclusive: Podcast Interview with Bridge Protocol CEO Stephen Hyduchak Twitter  This interview was originally done for the  Bitcoin Podcast by CCN . Check out the original interview and let us know what you think!  This week, I spoke with  Bridge  CEO  Stephen Hyduchak . I first learned about Bridge earlier this year while attending  Cryptolina  and have been intrigued by the concept of applying zero-knowledge proofs to identity access management functions ever since. The basic concept behind Bridge can be summed up by one unfortunate story Stephen shared with me. One night in Canada, a young woman was trying to get into a night club. Of course, she had to show her ID to get into the night club. The bouncer used the i nformation on her ID to track her down and physically assault her.  Bridge asks the question: why did the bouncer need to know anything other than the fact that she was of age? The bouncer does not need the woman ’s name, height, or  — in some instances in the United States  —  Social Security Number . He doesn ’t even need to know her exact date of birth. All he needs to do is be able to answer one narrow question:  “Is this woman of the legal drinking age? ”  The Solution   Bridge thinks the solution is simple. Have the woman show the bouncer a public key. He can use an app on his phone to verify the woman is older than the legal drinking age, and the woman can then be let into the bar. This story is, of course, just an example of what Bridge can do and not something that it ’s doing right now. But it ’s a real-world scenario that shows a practical use case for zero-knowledge proofs in the identity access management space and how the application of this technology can have practical benefits in the protection of peoples identities.  Perhaps a more practical example of Bridge, at least in the short term, and something closer to home for cryptocurrency users, is Know Your Customer (KYC). A good example of this is the identity verification process  Coinbase  makes users go through when upgrading the amount of crypto they can have in their account. At each stage, they require more and more forms of identification. From a driver ’s license to a passport to a LinkedIn or bank account, the stakes of a data breach go up each time.  The Market  The problem is multiplied by the fact that most crypto exchanges require this kind of verification. That means every exchange also has a copy of your data and can be breached as well. Even worse than this is the accredited investor requirement. Many ICOs will check investors for accreditation by themselves. What this means is a very active angel investor can have sensitive financial information resting in dozens of different startups servers. This is a recipe for disaster and has definitely proven an issue for Hyduchak, whose identity has been breached before.  Bridge hopes to solve the KYC issues specifically with the recent launch of its  MVP  and the  TOLL token . To do this, they ’ve partnered with identity verification firm  Onfido , whose clients include the likes of  ZipCar ,  Couchsurfing.com , and  Uber . They also work with plenty of crypto companies such as  Revolut ,  Square , and  Bitstamp . The hope for Hyduchak is that in the future as more exchanges go up in the future, especially in decentralized exchanges they ’ll turn to Bridge for their KYC requirements.  Images from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Fmr. Macau Gangster Raises $750 Million in 5-Minute ICO Twitter  An initial coin offering (ICO) operated by a little-known company in China and backed by a former Macau gangster raised $750 million in less than five minutes.  The  South China Morning Post  reports that World Hung Mun Investment  — led by former 14K Triad gangster “Broken Tooth” Wan Kuok-koi  — sold 450 million “HB” tokens at three release parties held in Cambodia, Thailand, and the Philippines. The firm intends to hold a final event in Malaysia on Wednesday and release a total of 50 million more tokens to the public. These 500 million tokens will comprise half of the total HB supply.  According to offering documents, the firm plans to use this capital to sponsor chess and poker tournaments online, as well as throughout China’s Hainan province.  Much like last week’s  announcement  that 4,500-year-old board game Go will be getting a blockchain revamp, it’s not entirely clear what value cryptocurrency tokens add to chess and poker tournaments. Some observers have suggested that giving out cryptocurrency as prizes could take advantage of a loophole in local gambling laws, but bitcoin or another established coin would fulfill such a use case much more succe ssfully.  In any case, those gaming tournaments will be launched in partnership with Zhonggongxin Cosmos (Beijing) Internet Technology Limited, a mysterious firm who the SCMP reports may ultimately be operated by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council (SASAC).  “You can check the website and other materials online,” a Zhonggongxin Comsos representative told the publication when asked if the company was state-owned. “I’m not at liberty to disclose anything else.”  That ’s not the only association that ’s raising eyebrows. The ICO operators have also been connected to controversial data analytics firm  Cambridge Analytica , who is at the center of a recent Facebook data-sharing scandal and had itself mulled a $30 million ICO.  Other questions have been raised about the ICO, including the fact that the token is not yet open source and appears to only be listed on a little-known exchange called a.top, whose parent company is a business partner of Zhonggongxin Cosmos.  Macau regulators, as CCN  reported , expressed concern over the ICO prior to its token sale phase, warning residents of “fraud and criminal activities associated with cryptocurrencies.” Clearly, though, that warning did not dampen enthusiasm for the offering, which  — assuming the integrity of the self-reported figures  — now ranks among the most lucrative token sales in history.  
INCREASE	   India’s Central Bank Spells Out Crypto Objections as Panel Readies Regulations Twitter  The  Reserve Bank of India  (RBI), which admitted last month that it clamped down on cryptocurrencies without much discussion, has expanded on its objections, as a government panel considers a draft of regulations.  The central bank instructed banks in April to close cryptocurrency accounts in the first week of July. The concerns include the currencies’ insufficient intrinsic value, investor protection and anonymous transactions, the central bank recently explained to the Internet and Mobile Association of  India  (IAMAI), a group that includes bitcoin exchanges, according to  Quartz .  Exchanges Offer Regulatory Suggestions  IAMAI members have suggested regulations to the RBI and take objection to all of the central bank’s concerns.  Some bitcoin exchanges legally challenged the central bank after it instructed banks in April to close cryptocurrency accounts. In May, the country’s supreme court responded to that challenge by instructing the exchanges to address the RBI directly. The exchanges then submitted their suggestions for regulations.  This month, the court chose not to stay the RBI ’s  April order  but instructed the RBI to respond to the exchanges’ suggestions.  One IAMAI member said the central bank, in its responses to the suggestions, said the RBI saw a need to protect banks and investors from frauds, of which there have been several.  Exchanges Object To Outright Ban  The exchanges claim that an indiscriminate ban is not the right way o fight scams.  Praveen Kumar, CEO and chairman of Belfrics, an exchange based in Malaysia and active in India, said limiting cryptocurrency bank transactions and enabling more cash transactions leaves more people vulnerable to duplicity. Rather than a cryptocurrency ban, he said the RBI should establish guidelines for exchanges to follow to prevent frauds.  In addition, frauds occur wherever money is involved, including with banks, noted a CEO for a cryptocurrency exchange in New Delhi who did not want to be identified for publication.  Regarding the central bank’s concern about anonymous transactions, the exchanges said they follow know-your-customer rules that can prevent money laundering. In addition, most transactions occur by means of bank account transfers that serve to monitor the transactions.  Regarding the concern about cryptocurrencies’ lack of intrinsic value, the CEO of another exchange who requested anonymity said this claim is not completely true. To operate certain computer programs, a user can pay with Ether. And, as more institutions and individuals begin to use cryptocurrencies, there will be more use cases to improve intrinsic value.  One cryptocurrency exchange CEO complained that the central bank raised similar concerns previously but has refused to consider the recommendations.  Government Panel Averse To Ban  A finance ministry panel has been established to explore cryptocurrency regulations. An official who requested anonymity said the panel is  not thinking of banning cryptocurrencies  but wants to regulate them so regulators can be able to trace transactions. The official said permitting cryptocurrencies to exist as commodities is being considered.  The official compared cryptocurrencies to traditional trading markets. In traditional stock markets, traders trade in different asset classes, which is not illegal. Cryptocurrency trading is no different, the official said.  A mechanism that would ensure the funds are not used illegally is needed, the official said, and the most important thing is the ability to track its source.  The panel expects to publish a draft of regulations this month, the secretary of the economic affairs department and the head of the panel announced last month.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   LocalBitcoins Trader ‘Bitcoin Maven’ Sentenced to Prison for Money Laundering Twitter  LocalBitcoins trader Theresa Lynn Tetley, better known as the “ Bitcoin Maven ,” has been sentenced to 12 months and a day in prison, a $20,000 fine, and three years supervision after release for laundering bitcoin as proceeds of narcotics sales and for her role in running an illegal bitcoin-for-cash exchange, according to the U.S. Attorney ’s Office for the Central District of California. She was also ordered to give up the proceeds of her illegal activity, including $292,264 in cash, 25 gold bars, and 40 bitcoins.  U.S. District Judge Manuel Real sentenced the 50-year-old Tetley, a one-time real estate investor and stockbroker, for engaging in illegal bitcoin transactions. Tetley pleaded guilty to one count of money laundering and one count of operating a money transmitting business that was unlicensed. The case was the Central District of California’s first such case.  Flagrant Abuses  Tetley failed to register as a money service business with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) before offering a bitcoin-for-cash exchange service, nor did she follow anti-money-laundering practices including reporting specific types of transactions and customer due diligence, according to court documents.  She exchanged a total of $6 million to $9.5 million for customers nationwide, and charged rates above FinCEN registered entities. She advertised the exchange service on peer-to-peer trading platform  LocalBitcoins .  By operating an unregistered company, she helped an individual police suspect received bitcoin via illegal activities, including selling drugs on the dark web, according to court documents. She also exchanged BTC for cash with an undercover agent who told her the funds came from trafficking narcotics.  The IRS Criminal Investigation’s Drug Enforcement Administration conducted the investigation. Puneet Kakkar, an assistant U.S. Attorney with the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force Section, prosecuted the case.  Also read:  LA trader  ‘bitcoin maven ’ faces jail time for localbitcoins activity  Law Enforcement Cracks Down On Violators  Earlier this year, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  officials arrested Morgan Rockcoons in Las Vegas  and charged him with money laundering and operating an illegal money transmitting business. Rockcoons, CEO of Bitcoin Inc., exchanged 10 bitcoins for $10,000 with undercover police in 2017.  Last year, police charged Bradley Anthony Stetkiw with operating an illegal money transmission business after he sold $150,000 in bitcoins from 2013 to 2015, of which $56,000 were sold to undercover police.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Spikes to $6,600 as Crypto Market Finds Momentum Twitter  After a week of stability in the $250 billion region, the crypto market has started to demonstrate solid momentum, potentially eying a breakout to the $300 billion mark, supported by a rally initiated by bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash.  On July 16, the price of bitcoin, ether, Ripple, Bitcoin Cash, and EOS increased by 3 to 8 percent, with EOS recording the largest gain amongst major cryptocurrencies.  The volume of BTC, which has been a key indicator for short-term growth, has rebounded to $4.5 billion, while the volume of ether, the native cryptocurrency of Ethereum, spiked to $2.2 billion.   On Binance, the world’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange, the volume of bitcoin against Tether (USDT), rose from $130 million to $171 million within the past 12 hours, by more than 31 percent.  Short-Term Momentum at Last  Throughout the past week, CCN reported that the Relative Strength Index (RSI) and momentum average convergence divergence (MACD) have shown optimistic signs for a short-term rally, but the volume of bitcoin has not supported a potential breakout to the higher end of the $6,000 region.  The recent momentum bitcoin garnered in its corrective rally from $6,250 to $6,550 could highly likely send bitcoin to the $6,800 region, which if achieved, opens the possibility for a climb upto $7,000.  For bitcoin to recover beyond the $7,000 mark, which will allow small tokens and digital assets to record significantly larger movements on the upside, its rally will need to be supported by a volume of over $5 billion and will require continuous upward movement from the $6,800 mark.  Over the past nine weeks, bitcoin has consistently recorded weekly losses with an overly strong downtrend. If bitcoin can demonstrate stability throughout this week in the higher end of the $6,000 region and record a weekly buy candle, it is possible for BTC to eye for a mid-term rally, with a bottom at $6,500.  It is still too early to conclude that a short-term rally has begun, but the price movement of BTC in the next 12 hours and its ability to achieve previous support levels at $6,800 and $7,000 will enable the market to predict the short-term trend of major digital assets in the upcoming days.  Optimistic News  Throughout the past few weeks, optimistic occurrences have emerged in major markets like Japan and South Korea, specifically pertaining to regulatory decisions and adoption. Most recently, cryptocurrency exchanges in South Korea were approved by the South Korea Blockchain Association for being equipped with adequate security systems, and the government revealed its intent to regulate cryptocurrency businesses as a part of a legitimate industry.  The bear cycle of June and July failed to portray positive developments in the cryptocurrency sector, because of the strong downtrend of bitcoin, ether, and other large cryptocurrencies.  The next short-term rally of the cryptocurrency market may acknowledge the irrefutable decisions of major markets to protect investors in the cryptocurrency sector by regulating cryptocurrency exchanges as regulated financial institutions.  Featured image from Shutterstock. Charts from  TradingView .  
INCREASE	   (+) Crypto Regulation: A Tectonic Shift Is Occurring Twitter  
INCREASE	   What are Crypto Trading Tools? [Quick Guide]           Advertisement      googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1524167859587-0'); });        Twitter  A lot of people understand the idea of investing in cryptocurrency, but what about trading? The two require different ways of thinking. For investing, it boils down to how well the technology will hold in the future. So if you’re looking to save up for your retirement fund, or want profit much further in the future, that’s where HODLing works well. That’s when you need to look  at the fundamentals of a cryptocurrency and decide how you can benefit from it in the long run.  For those looking to make money now, you use a short-term strategy. That means looking for stable, high liquidity cryptocurrencies, buying when the price drops, and selling at its peak height. This is the main reason everyone touts when explaining why crypto is so lucrative, it’s much more volatile than trading stocks or traditional currency, so the potential profit (and risk)  increases that much more.   This is what crypto trading is, and it does get complex, which is why there are so many crypto trading tools are out there. Here’s what’s out now and what’s coming up that can improve how you trade in crypto.  What are crypto trading tools?  There are a lot of tools out there, and yes, you’re going to want to use a variety of them in combination, whether you’re just investing, or trading. There are lots of types of tools, exchanges where you buy crypto, wallets to store them, tools that help you keep track of your digital assets, and then more complex tools that aid in buying and selling decisions.   “Strategy is everything in crypto and part of strategy are the tools in your arsenal.”  -Peter Borovykh, RoninAi Platform   Here’s a breakdown of the types of tools out there and what’s coming up.  Exchanges  Exchanges are the places where you can either exchange your fiat currency for cryptocurrency, or exchange your cryptocurrency for other cryptocurrency. There are already a lot of exchanges available, as it’s the first thing you need to get into the space it makes sense that these were among the first tools developed.   There are decentralized and centralized crypto exchanges. At the moment centralized exchanges handle the vast majority of transactions but this ratio will likely to be changing.  Trades on a distributed exchange are less vulnerable to hacking, but they’re more difficult to use. Examples of decentralized exchanges are  Radar Relay  and  Ether Delta . For beginners, Coinbase is a solid choice, but you should always look up the differences between the exchanges before getting started. There are pros and cons to all of them.  Exchanges can be vulnerable to attacks, which is why a lot of traders choose to store their cryptocurrencies in a secure wallet. Some are free, some cost money. The ideal wallet is secure, accessible, hard to lose, affordable, and easy to use. You’re going to want to figure out which features are most important to you because the perfect wallet doesn’t exist yet, though this year has seen vast improvements.   Portfolio Management  This is the fun (and scary) part. This type of tool is going to let you track the overall performance of your crypto, in other words, how much money you’re making or losing. Some exchanges and wallets have built this feature into them, but if yours doesn’t have it you’ll want to get one.   Having a way to track your portfolio is going to become necessary if you have a lot of different types of coins, or if you do frequent trades. Although it’s always a good idea to know where things stand. For those greatly concerned with security, there are manual trackers, or if that’s not an issue, automatic ones that are more convenient. Make sure you track your crypto, and there is great nifty little tool for that  TrackMyCrypto , it is a chrome add on and very straightforward.  A trader should use something more advanced like  CoinTracking .  Advanced Tools  You don’t need advanced tools to make crypto trades, but you will want them if you’re serious about generating short term and higher long term profits. These are tools that help you make smarter decisions and minimize risk as you explore the crypto trading space. A lot of the best advanced tools are new or coming soon, so keep your eyes peeled for these tools that’ll aid in making smarter trades.   Analysis Tools  Finding a good analysis tool is really tricky. What exactly is it analyzing and what is that analysis based on?   For crypto trading you want an analysis tool that can tell you the strength of a coin, assess the bullish/bearish sentiment of a coin, how updates to blockchain protocol will affect it, and so many other factors with the ultimate goal of figuring out if it’s going to go up or down in price. When a stable coin is down, you buy knowing it’s cheap now and going to go up in price later, when it’s up a lot, you sell, knowing it’ll inevitably drop again.   That sounds a lot like the stock market, which is why so many tools like  TradingView  run on the same premise as stock trading tools, but crypto isn’t stock. It’s much more volatile, harder to predict, and affected by more factors and more heavily. Also keep in mind that trading stock is already complicated and those tools were never meant for beginners so unless you have extensive stock trading experience with technical analysis tools, it’s going to be difficult to fully utilize at first.  Something easier to grasp is social sentiment. If everyone thinks it’s doing well and are positive about a coin, it’s likely to go up, and vice versa for when it’s bearish (negative). Ai and machine learning work really well for assessing that much data in a brief amount of time. Analysis tools for crypto are starting to get more sophisticated, and there are going to be better ones out there that can actually interpret data for you and self-adjust algorithms for changing markets.   Right now the only one that seems to analyze and interpret both technical, crypto specific, and social data are  RoninAi  whose saas platform is launching this summer.     “The opportunities on the quant side are very appealing, especially if you have a team that is strong on both crypto, quantitative trading, and machine learning.  You can do arbitrage, long/short, etc.”  -Paul Veradittakit, Panterra Crypto Hedgefund   Notification Tools  Some of the portfolio management and analysis tools have this built in, but there are tools strictly meant to notify you of market changes. It’s actually much more handy to have than it sounds, especially since can’t be looking at the market 24/7. These tools are usually associated with bots (not to be confused with machine learning Ai) and run on static algorithms to serve a specific purpose. While bots can ’t interpret or adjust to market changes they are highly functional for simply reporting these changes.  For people that trade without analysis tools or limited tools, this can help you spot trends. When a coin dips a couple times, especially a big dip, it likely won’t recover immediately. It might be time to sell as the trend will continue for a bit. Same with when it goes up. But do keep in mind, this is not the optimal strategy. The theory is to buy as low as possible, sell as high as possible to maximize gains. Predicting this is hard though, so notifications are one way of spotting the patterns yourself.  You can also use a crypto news aggregator like  CoinBuzz  for the same purpose.  Some of the above-mentioned tools have risk management built in, which is really important. If you have a stop-loss of 5% for example, then you’ll sell a coin before you lose more than 5% when it starts to dip, minimizing loss. That doesn’t work if you bought during a dip and it kept going down though, because in that case you’ll want to hold onto it for when it goes up, and then sell. Knowing when to set up this sort of automation, or notification will be extremely helpful when you’re doing heavy trades or trading several cryptocurrencies at a time.   These advanced tools aren’t meant to make crypto trading harder, even though it does sound complex. Rather, crypto trading itself requires a lot of discipline and understanding, plus the time that most of us just don’t have. These tools are meant to make crypto trading easier, but always make sure it’ll be suitable for you. If you’re beginning, experiment with what works for you carefully, don’t go all in until you get a better grasp of what your strategy will be.   One thing is certain: if you buy and sell crypto even occasionally having an external set of eyes and understanding on your trading strategy (or lack thereof) using tools can help you enhance your trades and profit.   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   China ’s First Bitcoin Bubble Has Popped, Let Recovery Begin Twitter  Vitalik Buterin has written a wonderful article about  ‘ Bitcoin: China ’s New Special Economic Zone ‘ over at Bitcoin Magazine.  While it may be quite some time before China ’s government actually admits that it has allowed Bitcoin to be a sort of Special Economic Zone [SEZ], spectators around the world are eagerly awaiting where Bitcoin will go next.  Elsewhere around the world, and perhaps especially in China, speculators [a special type of spectator] are loudly and belligerently jumping ship.  I present to you this excerpt from Buterin ’s article that sums up this First Chinese Bitcoin Bubble:  The trigger that many felt was the true turning point that started the rapid rise, however, was  Baidu Jiasule , a subsidiary of Baidu, accepting Bitcoin for its services. Soon after that, China Telecom, a state-owned telecommunications company that is the second largest in the industry in China, also  started accepting Bitcoin  for reservations of their latest Samsung phone. These two companies, the so-called “Chinese Google” on the one hand and a state-owned telecommunications company on the other, were seen as by far the largest endorsement of Bitcoin that has ever happened to date. And now, in the span of a few hours, they are both gone.  In reality, however, the influence of both companies has always been overhyped. The Baidu announcement was not “Baidu accepting Bitcoin” to anything close to the extent to which, say,  Namecheap  accepts Bitcoin for its entire array of products and services. Rather, Baidu Jiasule is only one small subsidiary of Baidu. In fact, the company received very few actual customers – the  1.37 BTC  that the company did receive was the product of Western Bitcoin users sending Baidu donations to show support. Similarly, in the case of China Telecom, China Telecom was not accepting Bitcoin for its telecom services; it was only taking it for pre-orders of the latest Samsung phone. The Chinese economy is much more organizationally centralized on both a government and corporat e level, but what many do not understand the system to some extent naturally compensates for this to a partial extent by giving individual corporate divisions and local governments considerably more independence. Although Baidu Jiasule almost certainly did get approval from Baidu’s management before taking Bitcoin, neither Baidu mangement nor Baidu Jiasule ever intended for the  announcement to be anything close to a company-wide endorsement. Now, the portion of the Bitcoin bubble that relied on this mistaken assumption can be officially considered to be popped.  There has been an inordinate amount of information and sentiment lost in translation in the last few months as weaker and weaker hands have jumped onto the Bitcoin bandwagon; personally, I suspect that the majority of that bubble was caused by Westerners that to this day still are unaware that Baidu Jiasule is but a small subsidiary of Baidu.  Furthermore, they are unaware that  China already has harsh rules against  “virtual currencies ” in place and Bitcoin being classified as a  “virtual commodity ” is the brightest Green Light that Bitcoin has ever received.  I hope that those investors/speculators/spectators that are turned away by their short term losses trading Bitcoin are turned away for good.  The type of people that don ’t understand the true value of Bitcoin as a protocol are the exact same type of people that panic sell and exacerbate the volatility of the Bitcoin exchange rate.  Very very simply, they are the problem that they see in Bitcoin.  Have a cryptic day, mis amigos.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Developer Jeff Garzik Wants to Put Full Bitcoin Nodes in Space Twitter  Bitcoin Core Developer Jeff Garzik plans to use cubesats as full Bitcoin nodes  Read the original story on Coindesk  Bitcoin Core Developer Jeff Garzik has plans in motion to launch several small cube satellites [cubesat] into space.  These satellites would serve as a full node for the Bitcoin network, presumably as an  “honest source ” of the Bitcoin blockchain.  All that is needed to stop a Sybill attack is one honest node, and this node in space would be that node.  This cubesat node would be in orbit and would broadcast a verified blockchain to any node that will connect with it.  Conceivably in the future, connection with the dedicated Bitcoin node in space will be a prerequisite to Bitcoin network prop agation of your transaction.  Furthermore, these Bitcoin nodes in outer space could survive any catastrophic event on earth that could theoretically take down the internet and erase all easily accessible copies of the blockchain.  Even if not enough cubesats can be launched into space to cover the entire world or major continents, with just one cubesat it would be possible to f acilitate Bitcoin transactions in areas of the world without Internet.  Currently the cost to fire up a full Bitcoin node anywhere on Earth is very negligible in comparison with the estimated $2 million that would be required to get one of these cubesats into space.  However, join me in agreeing that $2 million is not too large a price to pay for an added layer of security to the Bitcoin network.  Jeff Garzik and   Bitcoingrant.org  say they have the sufficient interest to move the project along into Phase one.  Phase one will consist of the creation of a team which will calculate all the specifications, costs, and data requirements for the cubesat and phase two will consist of construction and deployment of the cubesats.  They have not yet begun earnest fundraising but you can keep track of their efforts  at  this address .     Just how many full nodes are there right now?  Blockchain has a  3d interactive map  that shows current nodes that blockchain.info itself is connected to, at over 2000 nodes it is no wonder that wherever you are in the world your blockchain.info web wallet transaction will show up on the network almost instantly.  For a more complete look at how many Bitcoin nodes there are connected to the internet at this very moment, you have to check out  getaddr.bitnodes.io .  Bitnodes was created by Addy Yeow and has been  funded by the Bitcoin Foundation  as it provides an immensely helpful service to the Bitcoin developers.  Each full node on the network is an obstacle to Bitcoins ’ detractors.. Are you running one?     Have a cryptic day, mis amigos.     
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Survival  Twitter  Bitcoin was the means for Satoshi Nakamoto to reward participants to play his game. It was never meant to be standalone currency. That idea was conjured up by the players of the game. Every game community would like their in-game currency to have real world value. Play a game for money? Where do I sign up?  What is being lost in this push to have corporations and governments grant Bitcoin as the holy grail of value storage, is a payment processing system has been created that trumps all predecessors. We now have a system of payment that can accept a percentage fee for even the most micro transaction. Before Bitcoin, we had Paypal and Western Union. The fixed costs in protecting and running those systems created a floor on transaction size. It was never worth it to send your buddy $2 when Paypal charged a minimum of $5 to act as agent on the transaction. Imagine further sending a wire for $2. The cost alone is $20 so this never made sense. We are headed down one of two paths. Either a group of wealthy people, organizations, governments rally around these coins and honor tra nsactions among themselves (our present fiat currency system) or the coins start paying their bounties in the fiat currency of the miners choosing. So when a block is broken the miner gets Dollars/ Euros/ Pounds/Yen instead of Bitcoin. Or simply create a new coin that does this from the beginning. The payment processing system remains (and all of the value that it will create) and we can remain on the same currency systems that we are presently. In essence replacing cash with this new paradigm of the Bitcoin Payment System. This system was never created to solve large transactions. It was simply developed to allow for the most micro transaction to happen anywhere in the world, comfortably from your present location.  The Bitcoin Payment System incorporates all of the benefits of cash and a credit card in one. Close to immediate clearance of cash and the safety of carrying a credit card. Would you ever walk up to the owner of a house and say, I will buy your house in cash and get out now? Never. Would you walk up to the counter at a deli and attempt to pay for your coffee with a check?  There is a payment system for every size transaction. This sell off is because Baidu isn ’t accepting Bitcoin. As a community we can not hope that the major players will accept Bitcoin. We need to rally around the payment system that Satoshi created. Pay the miners in dollars and let the market do it ’s job.  -The Crypto Analyst     This is a part of the Cryptocurrency Investment Club by CryptoCoinsNews.com.  Join our FREE and EXCLUSIVE Cryptocurrency Investment Club! LIMITED memberships. Receive weekly analysis of different cryptocurrencies plus much more. Read more  here  and   
DECREASE	   BTC China now Requires ID Verification from All Users Upon Logging In Twitter  In response to the recent People ’s Bank of China [PBOC] statement, BTC China has started requiring ID verification for all of its users.  Upon logging in, you will be prompted for a Chinese ID and if you are an international customer, your passport number will be required instead.  While  Reddit users have reported  that any random combination of numbers with the correct length for your corresponding country ’s passport number will suffice, it is incredibly likely that these numbers and the rest of your given information will be passed onto the Chinese government at some point, so act accordingly.  The recent statement by the PBOC has triggered China Telecom and Baidu ’s Jiaselu service to stop their previous acceptance of Bitcoin, rumors abound of other merchants dropping their support of Bitcoin in the recent tumult surrounding released statements from the PBOC.  While this is merely a short term damper on Bitcoin prospects in China, the statement actually reveals more good than bad for the future path of Bitcoin in China.  The future is b right, but for now if you don ’t feel safe with your BTC in a Chinese exchange, now is the time to move it out!  Of course, it is unlikely that BTC China would run off with your bitcoins, or that the Chinese government would crack down on BTC China and in some way shape or form  “nationalize ” your bitcoins.  Regulation is an inevitable step in Bitcoin ’s path to success and we must measure the progress of our revolution by the amount of barriers put in our way at the gates [Bitcoin Exchanges].  Other Chinese exchanges such as Okcoin have not yet asked for ID verification from its users; however, don ’t be surprised when it comes and if you don ’t want your ID associated with your bitcoins in any way, it is time to move them away from Chinese servers.  
DECREASE	   The UK can Finally Have a Real Bitcoin Exchange Twitter  UK Bitcoin users no longer have to pay VAT on Bitcoin transactions  Until recently, the United Kingdom ’s HMRC (Her Majesty ’s Revenue and Customs) classified Bitcoins as a type of taxable voucher. This meant that Bitcoins were subject to VAT (Value Added Tax  – a type of sales tax used across Europe). As a result, anyone selling Bitcoins in the UK would have to charge a 20% markup to cover the VAT, making UK Bitcoin exchanges extremely unattractive.  However, Tom Robinson from  BitPrice , entrepreneur Michael Parsons, Marc Warne from  BittyLicious , and Eitan Jankelewitz from  Sheridans  met with HMRC today to discuss Bitcoin and how the cryptocurrency works.  To quote Robinson:  “We started off by explaining bitcoin to them – a lot of the meeting involved educating them about bitcoin and what it’s actually used for. ”  Clearly, this meeting was a success because HMRC said it would no longer classify Bitcoin as a taxable voucher. This means that Bitcoin will no longer be subject to the 20% markup due to VAT, which will definitely galvanise exchanges in the UK. BittyLicious ’s Marc Warne was considering moving his company offshore due to the markup, but this will no longer be necessary.  At the end of the day, this is another example of how educating the public about Bitcoin will make it a more accessible and legitimate currency.  
DECREASE	   A Message to PayPal Twitter  This is a message to Paypal.  Instead of embracing Bitcoin, PayPal could create their own payment processing system using the source code used to create Bitcoin. The idea of wallets, fast confirmations of transactions, anonymity of the users will be preserved. Instead of a coin payment to the miners, offer to pay them in dollars.  Utilizing Bitcoin as the beta-test we can see that miners are willing to mine for payment. This mining process eliminates most of the fixed costs Paypal has with its existing business model. The minimization of costs will allow for micro transactions to be supported through Paypal.  Paper wallets, Brain wallets, cold storage, etc will be denominated in dollars. Imagine the ability to send dollars from one wallet to another in 30 seconds for a tiny fee. It will open up a whole new world of transaction that doesn ’t exist today. Want to send $.20 to a blogger because you like the service that she provides. Now it will be possible with the push of a button.  There are so many micro business models that are sidelined because the fixed cost of moving money has been historically too high. Imagine wiring a blogger $.20? That will cost $20 and clear in two days! Not worth it. So we continue living in the world of  “likes ”, ”retweets ” and  “favs ” that many of us are trying to monetize. Create this payment processing system and these  “likes ” will be replaced by money for the producer.  PayPal ’s name brand in the space, coupled with the frenzy surrounding cryptos, is the perfect storm for such a payment processing system to succeed. Imagine what micro-tranactions will do for Ebay, PayPal ’s owner. A person in China could sell the rights to a picture of  “Great Wall of China ” to a travel advisor in London for $.01 on Ebay. The possibilities are endless and the uptake by society will be a lot faster if the system is fiat friendly.  
DECREASE	   Cheap Knee and Hip Replacements for Bitcoin Twitter  Add this to the list of things you can do with Bitcoin.  Nordorthopaedics , a Lithuanian orthopaedic surgery clinic in the capital city of Vilnius, just recently announced that it would provide its services for Bitcoin. This includes services such as total hip replacements, knee replacements, foot and ankle surgery, and hand and wrist surgery. Why are they choosing to accept payments in Bitcoin? To quote Nordorthopaedics ’ spokesperson Jekaterina Kirpa,  “Transactions in bitcoin are sent easily via the Internet, and there is no need to rely on any third party. Also, there are little to no transaction fees.”  Furthermore, Kirpa adds,  “Our surgeons have more experience than many other doctors in Western clinics. ”  Yet procedures at the clinic can often be significantly cheaper than the same procedures elsewhere. For this reason, many customers find travelling to Vilnius an attractive choice instead of getting treated in their home countries. Professional liability insurance is quite a bit cheaper in Lithuania than in other countries like the US, making healthcare cheaper there. Since tre atments at Nordorthopaedics are already cheap, the clinic currently does not offer discounts for customers paying in Bitcoin, but it is unknown if this policy will change.  
DECREASE	   Dogecoin Founder Rejects $500,000 of Investments, Emphasizes Community Value Twitter  Dogecoin rejects big business. Very branding savvy.  I have stated before why I believe  Dogecoin is here to stay  as a cryptocurrency, citing its community and its willingness to buck the trends other cryptocurrencies embrace. However, this week Dogecoin co-founder Jackson Palmer set his coin apart from the pack further when he told  Techly  that he rejected $500,000 worth of investment offers from venture capital firms. Palmer had this to say:  I really think Dogecoin’s strength is that it belongs to the community that has brought it this far. It’s the internet’s currency, and doesn’t rest in the hands of any one person or entity.  I guess the argument of VCs is that taking investment could assist in the growth of the currency – but the fact is that the bulk of it’s growth comes from the community and not the small core team we maintain for official projects like charity sponsorship. I’m fairly confident in the moon trajectory the community has set, and I believe in them.  Palmer ’s rejection of a half million dollars to develop Dogecoin is just one example of many symbolic gestures that continue to provide the Dogecoin community the motivation it needs to keep up its energetic support of charitable causes. Many Dogecoiners (Shibes) believe that acceptance of a large investment would detract from the charitable nature of the currency.  Reddit user  “ billybambam ” said,  “I don ’t think I ’ve ever felt so proud of someone I ’ve never met in my life, ” and another user was quoted as saying,  “Wow, such morality, very integrity. ”  Palmer best encapsulated the Dogecoin mission by saying,  “The fact is, that out of nothing, I can contribute $30,000 to a children’s charity that I believe in, that is payment enough. ”  By highlighting the community as being the real value backing Dogecoin, Palmer has demonstrated that innovative coding is not the only thing that will propel cryptocurrency towards mainstream adoption in the future. Because of this innovative spin on intrinsic value, Dogecoin prices were able to  weather a fork of their blockchain,  an obstacle that had previously dropped the currency ’s value by 80%. During this most recent fork, the exchange rate only dropped by 8%.  The fact is, if Dogecoin continues its rejection of big business and its embrace of community efforts, Jackson Palmer may become rich in spite of his intention.  
DECREASE	   The Winklevoss Brothers are creating their own Bitcoin Price with Winkdex Twitter  After getting beaten to it by SecondMarket, the time has finally come for them. Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss has long been holding a large sum of Bitcoins, after revealing that information back in July of 2013. Since that time, the price of Bitcoin has exploded from the low $100s to a high of $1200, before promptly lowering back down to a safe level of the $600s. Much like the S &P 500 or NASDAQ,  the Winklevoss brothers are creating their very own Bitcoin Price Index , which will be publicity trade-able and called  the  ‘Winklevoxx Index ’, or better yet, the  ‘Winkdex ’ . This is one of their first steps before getting approval by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to open up their Bitcoin fund by selling shares to the public.  Winkdex  Competition  The Winklevoss Bitcoin fund  aims to target other private investment funds, which are primarily only available to high-wealth clients in the millions of dollars. One such example is  the Bitcoin Investment Trust , which requires a minimum investment deposit of $25,000. Although the fund has gained 377% since opening, the fund ’s shares have dropped 24% over the past 30 days in reaction to the latest Bitcoin price drops from the high of $1200. Bitcoin Investment Trust currently controls $50.1 million worth of assets, but the Winklevoss brothers aim to outgrow them.  Features  By being open to the public, potential clients would not need to have at least $25,000 readily available for investing. Although the investment amounts may be lower, there would also be a greater demand, therefore, insuring a large volume of investments. The Winkdex uses the real-time prices from seven different exchanges, including  Mtgox despite their recent troubles . The total mined Bitcoin amount, market cap, and the current hash rate is all readily shown. This is unlike the  Bitcoin Price Index provided by Coindesk , which only provides price information from two exchanges, Bitstamp and BTC-e.  Winkdex  – Nice Clean Design  Fees  After the Winkdex gets approval by the U.S. Securities and Exchanges Commission, the ETF, exchange-traded fund, will open up to the public. The trading and management fees has not yet been decided. The current Bitcoin Investment Trust ’s management fees are a 0.5% front end fee, and 1.5% back-end fee, and an annual 2% fee. That makes up 4% in annual fees, or much more than the average savings account at a brick-and-mortar bank would give.  With all these fees and probably lack of transparency in the way invested funds are used, should regular Bitcoin investors just turn to simply purchasing Bitcoins and holding them for later? Or would the management fees justify your peace of mind knowing that a trustworthy analyzer is looking over your precious investment dollars? The ETF way or outright purchasing Bitcoins, tell us in the comments below.  
DECREASE	   Lavaboom Replaces Lavabit to Offer Truly Secure Email Twitter  Bitcoin users care a lot about privacy, particularly  financial privacy . While the anonymity that Bitcoin offers can be used for  illegal activities , everyone has a  right to privacy , a right that has been  flagrantly violated  by the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA), Britain ’s Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ), and others. Email is one of the number one forms of communication on the Internet. However, many government intelligence agencies are known to intercept emails, and secure services like  Lavabit  have been forced to shut down. Fortunately, a new Germany-based service called  Lavaboom  wants to replace Lavabit and offer truly secure email to the masses. Lavaboom will have a free tier as well as a paid plan that accepts Bitcoin.  Sneak peak of the Lavaboom interface  Security and Convenience  The more secure a system is, the less convenient it can be to use. For instance, desktop Bitcoin wallets are inherently more secure than online wallets, but tend to be less convenient. Lavaboom (sometimes stylised as  “LavaBoom ” and  “Lavaboom. ”) tries to strike a perfect balance between these two by providing sleek, easy-to-use interfaces with impressive security. Recently, I had the pleasure of talking to Lavaboom founder Felix Müller-Irion (who is apparently a  Pulp Fiction  fan judging from the image above), and one of the main topics discussed was security and convenience.  NS:  People want security, but they also want convenience. Would you say that LavaBoom makes it easy for the average email user to have truly secure email? Or is there a lot of learning involved with the key pairs, three factor authentication, etc.?  FM:  Okay, so there is an obvious problem with Email as a communication tool. It is by default as secure as a postcard. And even though you can encrypt your content you cannot encrypt certain meta data. However, there is not a steep learning curve to use our system. We encourage each user to adhere to our Best Practices for email communications though, which we will publish in a week. And as two-factor auth is pretty wide spread especially given the widespread use of mTans for your banking needs, we do not expect it to be too difficult for users to adhere to a three-factor authentication.  “[Email] is by default as secure as a postcard. ”  NS:  What devices will LavaBoom initially support, and are there plans to support other devices after the initial launch?  FM:  Initially we will only support browsers with JavaScript enabled. We are testing our system out on multiple devices using different browsers. However be aware that once you ’ve chosen the computer and the browser you cannot switch between those. We store your private key in your browser giving you the best option for secure emails you can currently get. The public key we use on our servers and the Javascript Email Client to encrypt your Email once it leaves your computer again. And if you should not be logged in we automatically encrypt email that is delivered to you via your public key stored on our servers. We are certainly looking into developing a possibility to use multiple devices such as mobile phones and crypto phones, however let ’s see what the darkmail-protocol will bring to the table in that regard.  “We are certainly looking into developing a possibility to use multiple devices such as mobile phones and crypto phones. ”  NS:  Can LavaBoom users only email other LavaBoom users? Or can they also email users of other services like Gmail?  FM:  Yes, of course you ’ll be able to write an email to other people. However if you include one or more persons in your to-sender list who do not support encryption or you might not be in possession of their public keys our Webapp will make sure that you intend to send this email unencrypted. We offer only  PGP-Encryption  and we do not accept keys under 2048 bit length and by default all of our users will get a 4096 bit private key in SHA with salt. We are looking into the possibility of including such protocols as bit message or  cryptcat  in order to make communications within the servers of Lavaboom. more secure. Those are mere future voices as of now though. They might be included once we go into full launch.  “If you include one or more persons in your to-sender list who do not support encryption or you might not be in possession of their public keys our Webapp will make sure that you intend to send this email unencrypted. ”  NS:  You realise that intelligence agencies like the NSA and GCHQ will be probably be targeting your service, right? Do you have any plans on preventing such agencies from compromising users ’ privacy?  “You realise that intelligence agencies like the NSA and GCHQ will be probably be targeting your service, right? ”  FM:  Of course, Neil. But you realize that I cannot seriously discuss any specifics regarding our security system with you or the public. Our plans include to educate the public though and make them a little more aware of the options they have in terms of encryption and secure communications.  Pricing and Availability  At the moment, Lavaboom isn ’t available to the public, but you can  sign up  to be notified of beta access.  “We are currently in Alpha, two weeks then we hit a private beta round and then about another 4-6 weeks and we go public beta. That ’s the time frame we ’re currently working on. ”  -Felix Müller-Irion  Lavaboom will offer a free plan as well as a paid subscription that accepts  PayPal , Bitcoin, and cash.  NS:  A free tier and just 8 EUR a month for the Premium tier seems pretty cheap. How do you keep costs low?  FM:  Well we ’ve looked at competitors, and even though we cannot enclose any of our sources in regards t why we are pricing it this way, let ’s say it is a decent pricing model. We try to keep costs low by initially using the API provided by  mega.co.nz  and using their server infrastructure to ensure a real e2e encryption of your emails. Of course in the long term we want to develop our own infrastructure, but why not use something that is already there first?  NS:  Would you possibly accept other forms of payment such as Litecoin in the future? Or will PayPal, Bitcoin, and cash be the only options?  FM:  To be quite honest with you I ’m not sure for how long we will be able to accept bit coins as the  European Central Bank  is already looking into the matter of money laundering possibilities through bitcoin. I am not totally leaving this out of the question though, to future endeavors in litecoin, feathercoins or even my personal favorite  dogecoins  (smiles).  NS:  Thanks for your time!  FM:  Thanks a lot.     Lavaboom should be launching within the next two months, but if you  sign up  for beta access now, you ’ll get an additional 250MB of storage free forever.  
DECREASE	   Mt.Gox Crash, Hollow Announcement. Blow-by-blow. Twitter  Technical analysis (original article below)  20h18 UTC  – final update The chart below shows price challenging the $110 level. The inset reveals the ~4200 BTC buy orders waiting at this level. Selling pressure has chipped away at this level for several hours and there is little hope those orders can cause a reversal. It looks like the bears have sub-$100 in mind … Analysis will have to be halted at this point since fatigue is setting in. More tomorrow!   14h22 UTC Below $135 and currently resting on $130. Indicators across all timeframes are stretched to the max and this systematic grind lower reminds of the Gold crash to $1,180 in June last year. It would be dangerous to call a bottom here since there is no reason why this cannot continue into  “stupider oversold ” territory. A layer of ~5200 BTC buy orders wait at $110  – a very likely reversal point should the bears claw their way down there.  Traders at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange show how it ’s done  13h55 UTC Price has returned to the lows near $135 but seems unable to break below this level. Should the bears succeed in pulling price below this level (that is being challenged for the 3rd time today) then a test of each $5 level down to $100 is surely possible.  10h42 UTC Price returned to the day low near $135 and bounced. Price should advance beyond $200 but we cannot be certain that the low of the decline has been struck.  10h30 UTC Price has fallen to $150  – a critical support  – below here we could see addiitonal decline  – but beware  – once a bottom is truck the advance will be rapid!  10h15 UTC An ambiguous announcement from Mt.Gox leaves the speculation open. Direction is currently ambivalent. Trade recommendation: BUY below $200 with an eye to returning to cash near $250.  0.89 Fib level of entire advance since 2009 has been breached  09h45 UTC  Disclosure:  the writer is currently in cash and awaiting a positive announcement to buy BTCUSD (yes, at Mt.Gox) at these bargain prices. Should Mt.Gox re-enable withdrawals (even with restrictions) there is not much downside left to $0.00 and such an outcome will most likely see a relief rally to parity levels near $250 and then $500. Readers are urged to practice caution since price spikes are completely retraced in 99% of cases, so as much as price will advance, the retracements will equally be deep. Do not get caught on the wrong side of trend!  09h00 UTC It seems that price has found support around the $150 level which is also the 0.89 Fibonacci retracement level of the entire advance since 2009. Price may hold above $150 but a breach could see $120 then $100 and finally $50 to the downside.     Mt.Gox Crash followed by Hollow Announcement  Price support was nowhere to be found  After the customary and tension-filled wait until 19h00 (JST) for an announcement from MtGox, it arrived with an underwhelming thud among stunned customers. Nothing about withdrawals. Nothing about exchange systems being updated. Not a word to the thousands of customers waiting for a hint of progress. Instead, a casual notice informing that additional staff have been employed to help process customer account verification requests.  Building up to the moment, chatter in IRC and forums reached fever pitch as heated discussion weighed customers ’ options going forward. Speculation mounted as to the possible causes of a vicious sell-off that began at 16h00 JST. Many believed that someone must have had inside information regarding the details of today ’s announcement. CCN cannot confirm insider trading as the cause of the sell-off and we will update readers as new information comes to light.  At 16h00 JST price unexpectedly broke below the $250 psych level and began plummeting. Within minutes price had found a new range between $150 and $200. Mt.Gox Crash.  freenode/#mtgox is packed with irate customers  Nerves were raw as time approached close of business in Japan with no announcement forthcoming. Mt.Gox customers had been asking for updates or even an ETA for announcement in IRC (left), but with little response from Support Staff who reply with pre-canned  “We do not currently have any new information. The announcement will be made later today ”.  Many disgruntled customers expressed their intention to withdraw funds today and this negative mood may have prompted the sell-off in part.  Some customers expressed the view that Mt.Gox had broken trust and that they intended to close their accounts and leave as soon they were able to withdraw funds (BTC or fiat). Speculation has it that Mt.Gox will re-enable withdrawals in March but with tight limits to prevent a rout on their processing systems and funds liquidity.     Live Protest Outside of Mt. Gox ’ office  Live streaming video by Ustream     Do you know what caused the sell-off? Please comment below …  Here are the day ’s updates as they happened:  Update  (09h30 UTC)  – It would appear the market is bracing for bad news: either that Mt.Gox is insolvent or that they will once again delay withdrawals. Another outcome being discussed by customers is that the exchange might enable withdrawals but with tight restrictions.The most likely out is the latter  – even if it may be that restricted withdrawals will be enabled at some date in March. Whichever way the dice fall, Mt.Gox is not the centre of the Bitcoin universe and a relief rally from current levels is highly likely  – if not in the Mt.Gox price then in the other exchanges ’ charts.  Update  (10h00 UTC)  – An announcement is expected at 19h00 Tokyo time     Technical analysis continues at the top of article all day       
DECREASE	   Bank of Israel Launches Missile Into Bitcoin Strip Twitter  The  Jerusalem Post reports  that the Bank of Israel (BoI) issued a warning to Israelis on Wednesday, saying that Bitcoin carried high investor risk and did not constitute  ‘legal tender ’.  The BoI outlined for citizens the risks associated with virtual currencies:  1. they are not backed by a central bank or government,   2. they are not legal tender,   3. nobody  has  to accept them as a form of payment.     This is the same posture being adopted by central banks across the globe  – an appeal to the established hegemony of central banks and the use of dismissive, authoritarian tones intended to deflect thinking away from the meaning of Bitcoin. The statement that  ‘ nobody  has  to accept them as a form of payment ‘ is humorous since it applies equally to any form of payment. The fact that BoI has joined the chorus comes as no surprise and reveals what Israeli author, Gilad Atzmon, calls  “pre-traumatic stress disorder ” about the disruptive potential of the new currency. Consistent, also, is an apparent under-estimation of citizens ’ ability to weigh relative value when making transactions or choosing a store of wealth.  The BoI message makes the argument that a  lack of  ‘ financial oversight ‘  means that Bitcoin can be used for illicit activities such as  money laundering  and  funding terrorism . The fact that bitcoins can be  ‘transferred anonymously ’  means that financial institutions may have  trouble complying with regulations  and  assessing the currency’s risks .  Again, we see a message that associates Bitcoin with crime and the potential for crime  – here intended as both a deterrent and a veiled threat: you don ’t want to associate yourself with criminality, and if you do:  we will be watching you! The association with the criminal underworld is clever since it cannot be refuted, given the repeated media coverage given to Silk Roads 1.0 and 2.0. The associative argument being made, namely, that crime is illicit and, so, by association Bitcoin is illicit too, is punctuated by placing the phrase  ‘funding terrorism ’ at the end of the sentence  – an emotive and manipulative device  – given Israel ’s state of civil war.  Contrary to the popular misconception,  Bitcoin transactions are not anonymous . and this is also stated clearly on the  Bitcoin wiki . Private ,yes, but the fact that Bitcoin is  not  anonymous has, therefore, long been known and is the reason for developments such as  Zerocoin  that are seeking ways to anonymize individual bitcoin transactions.  The BoI also makes the argument that, because Bitcoin transactions  are  anonymous, they will hinder potential users (specifically financial institutions) from complying with regulation and will hamper their ability to assess Bitcoin ’s risks. Unfortunately, this argument confuses the notions of risk assessment and anonymity in the bank ’s attempts assert their intention to  “regulate ”.  Of course, this particular argument may be intentionally worded and constructed in such a way as to render it disjointed and confounding. By substituting the truth, namely that Bitcoin transactions are anything  but  anonymous, we arrive at the logical conclusion that Bitcoin will allow greater regulatory compliance and better risk assessment than the fiat Shekel!  In the final part of the communique, Bank of Israel leverages a favorite device by warning citizens that  “those who are  unfamiliar  with the  still-developing  marketplaces ” for crypto-currencies are susceptible to  “fraud and deceit ” . Hence, best to remain unfamiliar, scared and not to attempt to learn because you might invite fraud and deceit.  According to the Jerusalem Post, the  Bitcoin Association of Israel  welcomed the bank’s efforts:     “We should remember that alongside the risk there is enormous potential for bitcoin, such as personal empowerment, economic efficiency, and business opportunities for Israeli start-ups,” the group said. “We should not give up on all it has to offer because of the current challenges.”     
DECREASE	   Vertcoin Developer Paul Bradley Talks Zerocoin, ASIC Resistance, and More Twitter  Vertcoin does not think Zerocoin implementation would be a good move.  Over the past few weeks, there have been  rumors that Vertcoin could soon implement a variation of Zerocoin  to enhance privacy and anonymity in this particular cryptocurrency. I recently talked with Paul Bradley, one of the developers of  Vertcoin , to clear the air on what kinds of features we are going to see added to Vertcoin in the near future. While Bradley stated  Zerocoin  implementation is probably off the table due to the negatives outweighing the positives, there are are still a few privacy-enhancing features that could be added to Vertcoin in the near future.  The Difference Between Anonymity and Privacy  While talking to Bradley, it became clear that the Vertcoin team is more concerned with creating a coin that could lead to mainstream adoption more than anything else. Bradley stated,  “the governments of the world are not going to stand by while currencies that permit easy money laundering and tax evasion are widely adopted. ” It seems that, in his view, it makes more sense to leave  mixing and anonymity features  out of the base protocol. Bradley also questioned whether complete anonymity is actually something people want. When talking about whether or not people really care about their privacy he claimed,  “I think they don ’t, not most of them. Otherwise people wouldn ’t sell their personal history to huge corporations for a pittance through loyalty cards and other means. ” Bradley spoke about the idea of using  stealth addresses  to enhance user-privacy, but it seems that complete anonymity through mixing features is off the table for now. Having said that, Vertcoin would not be able to prevent  mixing services  built on top of the base Vertcoin protocol.  ASIC Resistance  When questioned about  ASIC resistance , Bradley seemed convinced of the Vertcoin team ’s ability to avoid ASICs over the long term. One of the key points he made is that, for now, Vertcoin is really the only team completely dedicated to avoiding ASICs at all costs. He also stated,  “We have some killer ideas about ASIC resistance that we would implement if it ever became necessary. ” Bradley claimed these new features would make adaptive N-factor look  “positively ordinary ”, although he also stated implementing these new measures for ASIC resistance would probably not be necessary. With Vertcoin ’s dedication to ASIC resistance, Bradley concludes that  “No one in their right mind is going to invest many millions of dollars in ASIC development for a croptocurrency whose development team is committed to ASIC resistance. ”  Views on Ethereum, Litecoin, Dogecoin, and Bitcoin  Near the end of my interview with Bradley, we started to chat about other cryptocurrencies. When asked about  Ethereum ’s  plans for ASIC resistance, it seems Bradley thinks they ’ll have to come up with something besides dagger. He stated,  “We consider dagger to be very suitable for massive parrallelization [and] we think it ’s extremely vulnerable to ASICs. ” It should be noted that Ethereum recently announced they ’ll be having a competition of sorts to find the perfect solution for ASIC resistance on  Let ’s Talk Bitcoin . Bradley also believes the likelihood of  Litecoin  hard-forking to adaptive-N in the future is rather low due to their high market cap, but he feels the  “less entrenched ”  Dogecoin  team might consider the change. My last question was a hypothetical where Bitcoin would actually go through a hard-fork to adapt ASIC resistant measures first created by Vertcoin, but Bradley  “does not expect that ”. He said he would be  “flattered [and] not worried at all ” if the Bitcoin community decided to copy their plans.  Is Vertcoin the Real Deal?  I think  most altcoins are in a bubble , but Vertcoin is one of the few cryptocurrencies that I wouldn ’t really call an  “altcoin ”. Vertcoin offers a unique feature with its development team ’s dedication to ASIC resistance. The only question left is whether or not this is something that the market actually wants. The general population may never really care about ASIC resistance, which means Bitcoin ’s network effect will still be too large to overcome. It does let the Average Joe mine their own vertcoins, but it ’s not completely clear if this is actually necessary. After all, everyone didn ’t have to mine their own gold and silver when those metals were used as money. We ’ll have to wait and see what the market dictates for now. Vertcoin is definitely one of the cryptocoins that doesn ’t make me cringe when I look at the list of cryptocurrencies on  CoinMarketCap .  
DECREASE	   The  ‘Amazon.com ’ of Bitcoin Twitter  In an article  published in TopStockAnalysts , analyst Jody Chudley argues that the high cost of credit card fraud will drive many merchants to Bitcoin. And if merchants prefer Bitcoin then consumers will adopt it and, so, the outcome is that a lot of today ’s Bitcoin startups ’ stock prices will soar.  BitcoinShop.us  is, according to the analyst, ideally positioned and here ’s why.  Credit Card Fraud Plagues Retail  A 2009 study by  Lexis Nexis  shows that US merchants lose about $190 billion per annum to credit card fraud. A recent example involved the online retailer  Target  who ’s database was hacked over the Xmas holidays. Customer credit card information was stolen and up to 15% of cards put to fraudulent use. Damage from the incident is estimated at $1billion.  Considering the amount that companies already spend on IT security, it seems logical that they be interested in a payment system that is a) more secure and b) has lower transaction fees. Hence, the case is being made that merchants do not need to be coerced into accepting Bitcoin, they would welcome it with open arms, since it would save them the administrative nightmare being added to on a daily basis by card fraud, as well as save them billions of dollars in the cost of fraud.  I ’m OK. You ’re OK  There is, of course, a symbiotic relationship between more merchants accepting Bitcoin and wider use among consumers. Any move by the retail sector toward accepting Bitcoin payment will have a positive impact on existing Bitcoin merchants, since they would already have experience of the market arena, have payment systems in place as well as have done mileage with those systems in the course of day-to-day business.  BitcoinShop.US  BitcoinShop offers 100,000s of products ranging from personal health  & beauty products to electronics and home decor, as well as, food and garden products. Their core technology is built on Linux and other Open Source software with a Bitcoin Best Bid (BBB) system which interfaces to their vendors and suppliers to ascertain instantaneous correct pricing and inventory. Bitcoin is not the only cryptocurrency accepted for payment and BitcoinShop intend to add more options in future.  BitcoinShop, Inc.  currently currently has stock ticker (OTCQB: TUCND) which will soon change to BTCS.  
DECREASE	   Mt.Gox Crash: BTCUSD falls below $150 Twitter  Mt.Gox crashed through $200 around 16h00 (JST) after hovering at $250 overnight. An announcement from the exchange has been expected to come out today and it seems the waiting has caused jitters in the market and prompted a devastating sell-off below support.  Updates have moved  to this post: Mt.Gox Crash  – blow-by-blow  Update:  19h05 Tokyo time: An underwhelming announcement by Mt.Gox says nothing about witdrawals at all  – instead the company announces that it has employed additional staff to help process customer account verification requests.  Update:  18h21 Tokyo time  – still no announcement. Price had found support at $150 but advance was rejected by $200  – currently at $185 and being tugged back and forth..  Update : by 16h45 price is below $150 with this long term support level given little respect … could this go below $100 ?  Update:  at 16h31 (JST) price has reached $170 and downside pressure is relentless. Bitstamp and BTC-e have both dropped below $600.  Do you know why the price is dropping? Please comment below …  Price support is nowhere to be seen  Do you know what may have caused this sell-off. Please comment below …  
DECREASE	   Should Mark Karpeles Resign From The Bitcoin Foundation? Twitter  Mark Karpeles profile on The Bitcoin Foundation ’s website.  When do an individual ’s professional failings disqualify them from representing a cause in which they believe?  This is what many in the Bitcoin community are struggling with right now.  At the time of this article,  a petition to remove Mark Karpele s from his seat as board-member has accumulated over 730 signatures.  This petition is a combination of community frustration at the company Karpeles is CEO of, MtGox, and  general anger  caused by comments of Karpeles ’ that pointed blame at the Bitcoin protocol rather than his own company.  Because The Bitcoin Foundation is regarded as the public face of the Bitcoin, the perception that a board member is willing to put his company ’s reputation ahead of the protocol ’s has many questioning Karpeles ’ place as a board member.  I will analyze the situation leading up to this, and issue my verdict based on the facts and statements of the involved parties.  MtGox  Also known as Fort Gox, (or my favorite, Hotel Goxifornia), MtGox has been plagued with very public issues ranging from having their  U.S. financial accounts  seized   for failing to file as a money transmitter, to the most recent halting of all Bitcoin withdrawals.  Upon the suspension of withdrawals, MtGox released this statement, explaining the following:  A bug in the bitcoin software makes it possible for someone to use the Bitcoin network to alter transaction details to make it seem like a sending of bitcoins to a bitcoin wallet did not occur when, in fact, it did occur. Since the transaction appears as if it has not proceeded correctly, the bitcoins may be resent. MtGox is working with the Bitcoin core development team and others to mitigate this issue.  The statement, titled  “non-technical explanation, ” does not distinguish between what it calls  “a bug in the bitcoin software ” and the exact mechanism by which  “the bitcoins may be resent. ”  Of course, nothing in the Bitcoin protocol causes a compulsory re-sending of funds, and the so-called bug was a well documented characteristic of Bitcoin.  The conflation of the Bitcoin protocol and the standard procedures of MtGox was seen by many in the community as a misrepresentation of the protocol, and whether or not Mark Karpeles is directly responsible for the statement, the faults of the company fall on the CEO ’s shoulders.  Since that statement, Karpeles has not backed down about the failings of the Bitcoin protocol, telling  Coindesk  that he is  “puzzled by the fact that the Bitcoin Foundation failed to address the transaction malleability problem after it was originally identified in 2011. ”  Public Relations  During the  system-wide transaction malleability attacks,  numerous Bitcoin exchanges and services paused withdrawals in order to implement fixes.  No exchange paused normal operations as long as MtGox, and no exchange fumbled the public relations as MtGox did. Bitstamp, for example, in their  announcement  regarding withdrawal suspension, explicitly stated,  “No funds have been lost and no funds are at risk. ” The fact that MtGox did not directly address customer ’s concerns about their funds has been perhaps the most vocal criticism from those calling for Mark Karpeles to leave The Bitcoin Foundation. Any financial service that undergoes a disruption of service faces scrutiny over the status of their customer ’s money, and by not addressing those concerns, Karpeles and MtGox, caused unnecessary fear within the community.  Kolin Burges asking Karpeles for his Bitcoin.  Once the fear over solvency in MtGox took hold, a small protest outside of their offices was held, resulting in a photo-op that more mature businesses are adept at avoiding.  The video  shows Kolin Burges blocking Karpeles path into MtGox, asking for his money back. Of course, it ’s not like Karpeles is just going to slap some Bitcoin in Burges ’ hand, but the image of the stout Karpeles holding a Frappuccino with a slight smirk trying to ignore a protester accomplishes enough. This is the kind of picture public figures avoid at all costs.  All considered, MtGox ’s uninformative and untimely press releases, combined with Mark Karpeles ’ inability to relate to his customers have had more negative impact on public perception than their poor customer service ever could.  The Bitcoin Foundation  The Bitcoin Foundation  assigns itself three missions: to standardize, protect, and promote bitcoin. The third of the missions, promotion, is defined:  In the context of public misunderstandings, misinterpretations and misrepresentations, Bitcoin needs to be clearer about its purpose and technology. Allowing the community to speak through a single source will enable Bitcoin to improve its reputation.  In the aspect of promotion of Bitcoin, Mark Karpeles seems to be more interested in promoting his own exchange rather than soothing the well-founded worries of our hyperactive community. However, The Bitcoin Foundation does not demand its members uphold these three missions constantly. Also, the Foundation structures it ’s board member  requirements  rather loosely;  Although not part of our bylaws, the board has agreed to require any elected board member be an Individual member in good standing, that any business conducted is conducted openly using their real identity, and that they pass a background check for felony conviction.  Verdict  The more I try to understand the perspective of Mark Karpeles, the more I see him as a talented programmer, out of place at the helm of a decaying financial powerhouse. Karpeles and his team had to custom build an engine like no one ever had in order to handle the volume of transactions the expanding community demanded. With MtGox buried under the weight of its own volume and success, it became the easiest target for the DoS attacks.  Meanwhile, newer and more updated exchanges like Bitstamp experienced little to no disruption when the attacks began.  It must be easy for someone in Karpeles position to blame a protocol characteristic that, from his perspective, should have been fixed when it was discovered.   Is someone in that position good to have as part of the  “face ” of our community? I don ’t think so , but I think Mark Karpeles would disagree with me.  
DECREASE	   Breaking: Bitcoin Price Crashes as China’s PBOC Performs “On-Site Checks” of Major Exchanges Twitter  In significant news coming out of China, China’s central bank – the People’s Bank of China – has revealed that it carried out on-site checks on major Chinese bitcoin exchanges in Beijing and Shanghai.  Bitcoin’s  soaring value  and trading in China has evidently caught the eye of authorities who are now clamping down on capital outflows that they believe is taking place via bitcoin, while the yuan continues to depreciate.  In a  public notice , the Shanghai branch of the PBOC revealed it carried out spot checks today (Wednesday) on BTC China.  A roughly translated statement reads:  The People’s Bank of China Shanghai HQ, the Shanghai Municipal Finance Office and other units formed a joint inspection team to carry out site inspections on Bitcoin China, focusing on checking whether it was operating beyond its business scope, whether it was engaging in unlicensed forex, payment, financing and other related businesses; whether it engaged in market manipulatio n; implementing anti-money laundering, financial security risks and so on.  A separate  notice  by the Beijing office of the PBOC issued a similar statement about its on-site inspection at Huobi and OKCoin.  In a public communication channel, a customer service representative from OKCoin has claimed that the on-site visits are a part of a week-long investigation by the authorities who are supposedly seeking to understand the bitcoin trading process.   Same is going on wt  @OKCoin   &  @Huobi . Okcoin customer service manager: They 're trying to understand  … https://t.co/GZ2f8KXqnN   pic.twitter.com/lJZ8O2FmiO  — cnLedger (@cnLedger)  January 11, 2017   A public message by BTCC on social platform Weibo has added that it continues to “strictly comply” with all relevant laws and regulatory requirements in the country, while adding that the exchange is operating normally. In its attempt to diffuse investors’ fears, BTCC also adds that it will make public any instructions or mandates set forth by the PBOC.   BTCC 's comment on Weibo  @YourBTCC :  https://t.co/RYSbql6HB1   pic.twitter.com/27mmYKmMz3  — cnLedger (@cnLedger)  January 11, 2017   Speaking to  Reuters , BTCC CEO Bobby Lee claimed that the “on-site checks”, as described by the PBOC, was nothing more than a “fruitful meeting”.  In quotes reported by the publication, he stated:  I wouldn’t call it an investigation. I think they are working closely with us to learn more about our business model and the bitcoin exchange industry. We had a very fruitful meeting today.  Bitcoin Price Falls  The official visits have sent bitcoin prices in a spiral, striking a low of $790 for the day. At the time of publishing, price on the Bitstamp Price Index is trading at $813.54. Having reached a high of $918.4 on the day, bitcoin has lost over 14% in value.   CCN is following the breaking story closely and will have more to report on.  For a live Bitcoin Price chart, click  here .     Image from Shutterstock. Chart from BitcoinWisdom.  
DECREASE	   An Indian Bank Is Using Humanoid Robots to Assist Customers Twitter  India ’s leading private lender HDFC Bank is using robots in its branches to improve its customer service, making it the first to use  ‘humanoids ’ in India’s banking sector.  In a report from the  Business Standard , more humanoids will be inserted into banks in India after determining the response from customers, according to Nitin Chugh, HDFC’s head for digital banking.  The installation of HDFC Bank’s humanoid is part of an artificial intelligence program that was launched last year. By doing so, the bank is hoping to improve their customer service as well as its marketing aspects.  Chugh states that the bank is evaluating different use cases in the blockchain including document management, KYC (know-your-customer) and transaction processing.  He said:  However, it is early days for this and we have not come across mature models in India. We are also interested in network blockchain, where multiple banks come together for this technology.  According to the bank around 71 percent of its customers had moved to digital banking by the end of March last year indicating that digital banking could eventually be the way forward for the nation.  Indian Banks Looking at Blockchain  More Indian banks are now turning their attention toward  the use of AI and blockchain  to perform banking tasks and improve customer service.  India’s Axis Bank recently announced that it will soon be introducing  blockchain solutions to operate cross-border remittance  using Ripple’s blockchain.  ICIC Bank in India is also exploring the bank’s digital capabilities. Last year it revealed that it has created a  digital division to harness blockchain technology  while stating that the bank is continually looking at the  development of blockchain applications  to improve the services it offers to its customers.  YES Bank, a prominent private sector bank in India, is also looking at the introduction of blockchain to  digitize and automate vendor financing solutions .  Is AI the Way Forward?  Whether or not the use of robots will be further implemented into more banks remains to be seen.  After all, it comes down to whether a customer wants a robot helping them with their banking needs or an actual person.  At the end of the day, though, technology is moving at a fast pace and if countries fail to keep up with the changing times, they risk being left behind.  Who knows what impact HDFC Bank ’s humanoid will produce, but it could potentially pave the way for how other banks operate in the future with their own robots in place of humans.  Featured image of stock humanoid robot from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Op-Ed: Is China Cracking down on Bitcoin? Twitter  Bitcoin’s price fell by more than $100 in minutes around 9 A.M. London time as the People’s Bank of China announced they have opened an “inspection” on BTC China, Huobi and OKCoin, which in combination account for 90% of bitcoin trading volume.  According to  Reuters :  “The probe of bitcoin exchanges, including BTCC, Huobi and OKCoin, was to look into a range of possible rule violations, including market manipulation, money laundering and unauthorized financing, the People ’s Bank of China (PBOC) said. It did not say if any violations had been found.”  Huobi has been criticized for going “offline” during fast price movements, preventing traders from reacting. For years now there have been speculations that both OKCoin and Huobi fake their volumes. All three exchanges are unregulated. BTCC publicly stated:  “A group of regulators consisting of the SH branch of PBOC, the SH Financial Affairs office  & other related govt agencies visited BTCC. During this visit, we followed up on prior discussions and shared details about our business model and operations with the group. We expect to continue with additional meetings later this week.  All operations at BTCC are normal and we continue to actively work with regulators to ensure that we remain compliant. In the meantime, we urge our customers to take a rational  & cautious view to news articles which speculate on the visit and discussions.”  The latest announcement follows a  meeting  between PBOC representatives and all three exchanges last week. It usually ends there. As such, many found PBOC’s announcement that they are opening an “inspection” as surprising.  Will China Regulate Exchanges?  If violations are found, Chinese authorities would have a number of options. They could make an example of one exchange or they could be lenient towards all three, say the law did not apply at the time, but now does apply, and set up a regulatory regime, requiring licensing, perhaps audits, security measures, and insurance.  Regardless of whether they take enforcement action towards current exchanges, it is probable they will now regulate them with rumors already circulating that China’s central bank may step in as a “ third-party custodian .”  The PBOC ’s  ‘inspections ’ will inevitably lead to whispers of regulation of bitcoin in China.  How that would operate in practice no one can say at this point, but on the surface, it sounds like nationalization of exchanges with PBOC effectively being directly involved in the day to day operation of bitcoin exchanges.  Although PBOC would probably use security as an excuse, their more likely aim would be to ensure strict compliance with foreign exchange rules and regulations while giving them direct say on bitcoin trading.  Might China Shut Down the Exchanges?  China could use any violation as an excuse to shut down all three exchanges and perhaps even declare bitcoin illegal, but that would be a drastic move and very unlikely as it would ensure underground, anonymous and unaccountable exchanges spring up. Moreover, such move would effectively send miners out of business, cutting off a billion dollars or more in direct and indirect investment.  Politically, China would alienate the entire tech scene, and even more widely foreign businesses would not be able to trust the upholding of property rights in the country.  China, however, is no stranger to drastic measures. In 2013, they effectively prohibited all Chinese businesses from accepting bitcoins after the currency surged in popularity. Their government is not elected, nor accountable, with central planning leading to ghost towns and ghost factories due to no consultation with the public as to what is desired or needed.  China remains an authoritative country with a strong central government that controls many state-owned companies. They have previously taken unpredictable and shocking actions, such as the 2% devaluation of Yuan in August 2015 and the recent speculated ordering of its banks to dry up yuan liquidity from offshore markets, sending borrowing rates for shorting to more than 100%.  An outright ban, therefore, cannot be ruled out, but China would have nothing to gain and much to lose from taking such approach, making it highly unlikely.  The Yuan  The main reason why China has opened an investigation is because Yuan fell by 7% last year, leading to a capital flight of almost $1 trillion. In response, China instituted strict capital controls, requiring its citizens to complete detailed forms as well as provide ID if they wished to exchange yuan for foreign currency. It has had some effect, as Yuan has now somewhat stabilized for the past two days, but Chinese authorities remain concerned, taking further measures according to  CNBC :  “China ’s forex regulator is telling banks to keep its instructions about curbing capital outflows secret and to ensure that research analysts keep any negative views about the yuan ’s prospects to themselves, several bankers said.”  Chinese authorities appear to be taking all measures to ensure some Yuan stability after their foreign exchange reserves fell to just above the psychological threshold of $3 trillion. However, Yuan’s behavior has more to do with the soaring dollar and the US economy following a Trump victory.  The PBOC ’s interest in major Chinese exchanges comes amid a continually falling yuan.  He has stated that on his first day in office China will be labeled as a currency manipulator, allowing USA to impose tariffs of as high as 45% on certain goods. It is probably a negotiation tactic to encourage a more open market in China as well as respect for the property rights of foreign businesses, but he intends to nominate Robert Lighthizer, a proponent of a tough U.S. position on China, as U.S. trade representative. He may, therefore, actually do what he said which of course would slow down China’s economy, leading global markets to bet on a falling yuan.  Trump is to hold a press conference today after many months, perhaps explaining Yuan’s relative stability recently as analysts wait to see what Trump says on America’s economic relationship with China.  In this wider context, bitcoin has to follow the winds. If Yuan does indeed stabilize then the Chinese authorities will probably lose interest, but if volatility returns all bets are off.  Images from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Isle of Man to Focus on Blockchain for the Nation’s FinTech Twitter  Known as the  Bitcoin Island , the Isle of Man is turning its attention to blockchain to boost its FinTech and digital payments sector as it continues its efforts at establishing digital businesses on the island.  After the Isle of Man’s Gambling Supervision Commission (GSC) and Treasury  approved changes to the island’s gambling regulation  last year, allowing currencies such as bitcoin to be accepted as cash, the island is hoping the adoption of blockchain applications will give the island the push it needs to further establish itself.  Brian Donegan, from the Isle of Man Government Department of Economic Development (DED), said to  Silicon , though, that a lot of work still needs to be done with blockchain before the benefits can fully be realized.  Blockchain will continue to be an experimental technology, it isn’t complete. A lot of people are espousing the value of blockchain, and it’s a great piece of technology, but it is still in part experimental and it’s far from complete.  He adds that trust is a major factor to the development of blockchain, which is why the technology hasn’t been embraced as fully as people would like.  However, once a level of trust and security has been achieved, Donegan believes that in a year or two we could start to see a complete blockchain product evolve.  Embracing Blockchain  Despite being known as bitcoin’s distributed ledger in the early days of the digital currency’s existence, the blockchain has since slowly been embraced in several sectors as its benefits become widely known.  From  banking  to  real estate , to the  music industry  and the  airline industry , to  healthcare  and  education , the blockchain is becoming widely accepted around the world.  The U.K. is once such location that is also embracing the technology.  By doing so, the country has become the  lead hub for FinTech , which is seeing many companies setting up their companies in London.  This has also been highlighted by the fact that the U.K.’s Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) revealed, in November, the first 24 companies that will be taking part in its  FinTech regulatory sandbox .  By doing so, it is hoped that more businesses will establish themselves in the U.K. and know what regulations they are required to abide by.  As Donegan states, the U.K. ’s understanding of the technology ’s power and value has helped to establish the U.K. as a leading country as it keeps up-to-date with the latest developments making it an attractive location.  It speaks to the dynamism that’s in the fintech industry and the UK is just a fantastic place for fintech right now. It’s miles ahead of many of its international counterparts.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Monero Successfully Hardforks to Increase Privacy and Anonymity  Twitter  Monero, the fifth largest digital currency with a market cap of nearly $200 million, has successfully hardforked yesterday to add higher levels of privacy and anonymity by implementing an adapted version of Confidential Transactions.  The networks’ near 650 visible full nodes have made the transition without any noticeable problem so far, with the market responding positively as indicated by an increase in Monero’s price of more than 4.5% at the time of publishing.  Monero ’s Price Following a Hardfork to Implement Confidential Transactions. Chat Courtesy of Poloniex  The network hardforked to implement Ring Confidential Transactions (RCT), an adapted version of Confidential Transactions  described  by Gregory Maxwell, a Bitcoin Core developer and Blockstream’s CTO as a “a cryptographic tool to improve… privacy and security.” Monero develops on Maxwell’s implementation by adapting Confidential Transactions to work with the currency’s already implemented ring signatures, an inbuilt mechanism which bundles sending and receiving public keys with a number of older actual transactions, thus operating as a mixer to obfuscate addresses.  Confidential Transactions add to ring signature’s inbuilt mixer by “hiding amounts, origins and destinations of transactions with reasonable efficiency and verifiable, trustless coin generation,” according to the peer-reviewed  Ring Confidential Transactions  paper, making any blockchain analysis difficult if at all possible.  The new invention is now enabled by default, with a planned hardfork in September enforcing the added level of privacy on all transactions, making monero one of the most anonymous digital currency, but it comes at a fairly high cost. One average monero transaction takes more than 4kb of space, increasing to around 6kb per transaction with RCT, compared to an average of 400 bytes per bitcoin transaction.  The nearly three years old currency already has a blockchain of around 10GB while barely having any transactions – around 2,600 a day, compared to bitcoin’s more than 250,000 a day. At bitcoin’s transaction levels Monero would add 1.5GB per day, consuming an average laptop disk space of 500GB in one year.  Although storage is relatively cheap with terabyte disk sizes now becoming more common, initial node synchronization may eventually become a problem, but the network is considering Lightning and TumbeBit, a more private version of Lightning, for more scalability, according to Othe, a pseudonymous Monero core developer. They have no plans to implement Segwit, Othe says, as the currency doesn’t have any transaction malleability problems and further consider sharding to be “a failed concept.”  On the other hand, the digital currency has an adaptive blocksize, avoiding the transaction capacity limitations of bitcoin’s fixed 1MB. It further has far lower confirmation times than bitcoin, making commerce slightly more convenient. Leading Silkroad like markets, such as AlphaBay and Oasis, to add Monero due to its anonymity features and as a potentially more convenient method of payment. The move brought attention to the currency and sent its price  skyrocketing  at the time, but if transaction volumes are any indication it does not appear to attract much use.  That might gradually change as bitcoin continues an apparent stalemate regarding scalability and general innovation, which has led to increased fees, unpredictable confirmation times and increased user annoyance, but whether miners will allow such stalemate to continue to the point where users begin leaving  en mass  for other public blockchains remains to be seen.  Image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bust Nigerian Ponzi Scheme is Coming Back with Bitcoin Twitter  MMM Nigeria has announced that it will introduce bitcoin as a form of payment when it reopens customers’ accounts on January 14.  In December, participants in the MMM Ponzi scheme were informed that all  confirmed subscriber accounts would be frozen for a month . It was reported that this was to help prevent any problems over the festive period.  Earlier last year, MMM Global announced that it was  closing its Republic of Bitcoin , a website that had promised up to 100 percent returns on donations; however, in a blog it stated that the Republic of Bitcoin was an experiment that had failed.  In a report from  The Sun , a Nigeria-based news website, promoters of MMM Nigeria have issued instructions to participants’ accounts that have been frozen.  In a bid to drive traffic and participation, a message to subscribers asks them to perform tasks, both online and offline, to endorse the scheme.  The message states:  Being an MMM member implies not only opportunities, but also a responsibility for the state and development of the MMM Community.  Since the announcement that MMM Nigeria would be freezing subscriber accounts, it has affected nearly three million Nigerians who have invested into it.  MMM Participants to Receive Bitcoin Payments  Prior to MMM Nigeria freezing subscribers’ accounts, those who had invested could give bitcoins to help those in the scheme, but were paid back in naira, the currency of Nigeria.  Now, however, it’s reported that when MMM Nigeria re-opens next week participants will be able to receive payment in bitcoin too.  In a statement, MMM said:  Due to the recent sharp price fluctuations of Bitcoin, MARVO-BTC is being introduced in the system.  It adds that invested individuals now have the chance to have a 30 percent monthly growth of the bitcoin amount, not the naira amount.  “In a month not only 30 percent will be added to your initial amount, but, it can increase itself due to Bitcoin price growth, ” the statement added.  If the price of bitcoin should fall, though, participants have been informed that they can convert back to naira at any time.  Ponzi Scheme  While many have stated that MMM Global is a Ponzi scheme putting people’s finances at risk, Sergey Mavrodi, MMM head,  wrote an open letter  to the Nigerian authorities asking what basis they had for attacking the scheme.  He said:  What is the scam here, if all the members are warned in advance about all the risks, the possible and impossible ones?  And yet, while it may provide financial help for many Nigerians who are struggling with day-to-day live, the fact remains that there are many people in the background who are profiting from subscribers who are putting their trust in a scheme that can just as easily go bust.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Report: Chinese Authorities Considering Bitcoin Regulation; Price Falls Twitter  Bitcoin price struck a low of $845 (at the time of publishing) from a high of $918.4 on the Bitstamp Price Index for the day as China’s financial regulators are reportedly seeking opinions on how to regulate the trading of bitcoin.   According to a report by China Daily, the country’s financial market regulators have inquired on how exchanges work during times of major price moves during last week’s  much-publicized meetings  with executives of major bitcoin exchanges.  Whilst seeking opinions on how to regulate trading of the cryptocurrency, a proposed move “may include setting up a depository platform” the prominent daily newspaper revealed, citing a source.  The daily points to a handful of authorities’ concerns surrounding bitcoin trading. These include focusing on the transparency of bitcoin trading, the possibility of the cryptocurrency used as a channel for capital outflows and safeguarding traders’ rights.  In an  emailed statement to CCN , Chinese exchange BTCC – one of three bitcoin trading platforms spoken to by the People’s Bank of China last Friday – has explicitly stated that it adheres to “strict AML/KYC policies”. Furthermore, the premium price of bitcoin and the loss of value in converting yuan to bitcoin to foreign currency makes it unlikely that Chinese investors are using the cryptocurrency to evade China’s capital cap, according to  recent comments  by BTCC CEO Bobby Lee.  Conflicting Reports   Contrary to China Daily’s claims of authorities looking into any activity of capital outflow through bitcoin, Lee has also revealed that BTCC had received no pressure by the PBOC to plug the exit of Chinese capital via the cryptocurrency. “Nothing verbal or written to us,” stated Lee, following the meetings.  Further, the bitcoin executive also sees regulation to occur in a further 2-3 years in China, as opposed to any impending moves by authorities to do so.  As things stand, bitcoin price remains volatile, currently trading at $868 on the Bitstamp Price Index (BPI), bouncing after a low of $845 today, a steep fall after a registering a high of $918.4 for the day. The impact of the PBOC’s warnings has been telling and the lack of clarity on what was discussed during the meetings is perhaps only adding to bitcoin price’s own uncertainty.  Image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Startup BitX Rebrands as ‘Luno’ with New Offerings Twitter  Singapore-based bitcoin startup BitX has expanded to Europe with offices in London, under the new banner name of Luno.  ‘Luno’ is a  direct nod  to a popular expression in the bitcoin community: “To the moon!”, one that reflects the company’s continued focus and mission to aid in bitcoin adoption, the startup says.  “Our new brand and product offerings are better aligned with this vision and will help drive our mission of bringing Bitcoin to everyone, everywhere,” said Marcus Swanepoel, CEO of Luno.  While providing a bitcoin wallet globally, Luno functions as a bitcoin exchange in a select number of countries. With a presence in Asia and Africa, the countries are Indonesia, Malaysia, Nigeria, Singapore and South Africa.  The rebranding is followed up with a new website and revamped mobile applications. The startup has also launched a new feature enabling bitcoin purchases  with a credit card . Currently in beta, the offering is only available to users in Canada, India and a majority of Europe, formed in partnership with bitcoin services provider Simplex.  Further, Luno has also revealed its selection by the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) to participate with testing of its products in the latter’s  sandbox  environment. Specifically, Luno will focus on the use of its ‘Fast and Low Cost Offsetting Network’ (FALCON) protocol to help licensed remittance businesses move the pound to other regional European currencies with Bitcoin as means of settlement.  In statements, Swanepoel claimed:  We believe that decentralized digital currencies like Bitcoin will fundamentally change how the world views and uses money. Cheaper, faster and safer transactions; more privacy and financial freedom; a significantly better user experience; and ultimately, more equality by giving everyone in the world access to the same financial system.  Founded in 2013, Luno, formerly BitX,  raised $4 million  in a Series A funding round in mid-2015.  Additional funding followed  near the end of 2015 from an Indonesian venture fund as a part of the startup’s efforts to gain a strategic presence in Southeast Asia.  BitX’s rebranding effort comes within a week after Argentinian bitcoin startup and wallet provider BitPages  rebranded  into becoming ‘Ripio’.  Featured image from  Luno .  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Should Figure in Your Investment Porfolio, Says Asset Advisor Twitter  Boris Schlossberg of BK Asset Management has joined the cadre of investment advisors who see bitcoin as a way for investors to hedge their bets against market uncertainty. Schlossberg, according to  CNBC , sees bitcoin as an addition to an investment portfolio in the wake of political uncertainty.  CNBC’s “Trading Nation” explored ways for investors to hedge against growing political uncertainty following Wednesday’s big equities selloff. Stocks traded slightly higher on Thursday following the market ’s biggest sell day of the year.  Investors are also being advised to look to international markets.  Bitcoin The New Gold  Schlossberg sees parallels between bitcoin and gold, and he noted that bitcoin is being called the “new gold,” due to its ability to retain value over time.  He noted that bitcoin is holding steady following its 92% rally this year. Speaking Wednesday on “Trading Nation,” Schlossberg said the cryptocurrency is holding at steady highs, and that when there is a big move for any type of instrument, there is usually some continuation.  Bitcoin is clearly signaling more demand, Schlossberg observed. He favors it as a hedge play moving forward.  Advisors Bullish On Bitcoin  Schlossberg is one of several investment advisors and investors who is bullish on bitcoin.  Thom Lachenmann and Parke Shall, advisors at Orange Peel Investments, have invested in bitcoin and suggest investors  take a small position in the asset for the long term .  Billionaire investor  Mike Novogratz has said that he is holding ten percent of his net worth in digital currencies  such as bitcoin and Ether.  Charlie Morris, the investment director of the Fleet Street Letter, noted following last year ’s bitcoin halving that he is buying the cryptocurrency because he sees it as a cheap stock with an opportunity to grow in value.  Needham  & Co. LLC, a New York City-based investment firm, has been covering the Bitcoin Investment Trust, and l ast year gave it a “buy” rating . The investment company believes the price of the cryptocurrency stands to benefit substantially from rising demand for its two main use cases: as an alternative payments channel and as a “digital gold.” The growing demand is driven by market trends such as expanding ecommerce, globalization, and by the pervasiveness of enabling technology like mobile phones.  Many attribute bitcoin ’s recent gains as a sign of its improved acceptance as a currency, despite the recent rejection by the Securities and Exchange Commission of a proposed bitcoin exchange traded fund.  Also read:  Investment advisor explains why he ’s bullish on BTC  Another Option: Global Stocks  Mark Tepper, president of Strategic Wealth Partners, points to investments outside the U.S. as a way to find refuge from domestic conditions, according to CNBC. The political risk is shifting toward the U.S., he said.  Global growth, Tepper noted, is much stronger than domestic growth. Globally-oriented companies on the S &P 500 are getting at least 50% of their revenues from overseas. These stocks are “completely crushing ” domestically-focused companies in the current earning season.  Tepper said most investors are overly weighted in U.S. stocks since these stocks have outperformed international markets for years. However, he sees a change coming, making him confident that investing abroad makes sense, even as first quarter earnings have been strong for U.S. firms.  Geopolitical risk has faded following South Korean and French elections, he said, which bodes well for foreign markets.  iShares MSCI EAFE ETF, an exchange traded fund that tracks large- and mid-cap equities in developed oversea markets, has gained 13% for the year, Tepper said. The S &P 500, by contrast, has advanced under 6%.  The MSCI Asia Pacific index rose 20% year to date, while Taiwan’s benchmark index rose 22% and European markets have outperformed the S &P 500.  Emerging markets have also rallied. EEM, an ETF that tracks these markets, has gained 15% this year. The fund did drop 2% Thursday when Brazilian equities fell on account of political concerns in the country.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   All Top 20 Altcoins Fall By At Least 30%, Ripple Down to $6.2 Billion Twitter  Bitcoin, which experienced a 20 percent price drop from $2,500 to $1,900, actually had a relatively decent day.  All top 20 alternative cryptocurrencies (altcoins) declined by at least 30 percent on March 27, with some cryptocurrencies demonstrating a sharp decline in price by around 40 percent.  Ripple experienced a massive short-term decline in market cap, after seeing a staggering $10 billion decrease within a week. In a seven-day period, Ripple’s market cap plunged from $17 billion to $6.2 billion. On May 27, Ripple also experienced a nearly 50 percent drop in price, triggering concerns from investors in Japan and South Korea, where the majority of Ripple’s trading volume is concentrated in.  Other prominent blockchain networks and cryptocurrencies such as Ethereum, Litecoin, Ethereum Classic and NEM have also seen a sharp drop in market cap, as the entire cryptocurrency market crashed overnight.  Dependence of Altcoin Price on Bitcoin  Ryan Selkis, former BitGo executive, previously stated that bitcoin has become a conservative investment for cryptocurrency investors. An increasing number of traders and investors have begun to eye ICO tokens and other cryptocurrencies such as Ethereum and NEM that often demonstrate higher returns and larger fluctuations.  “I don ’t know when it happened, but at some point it became relatively conservative to invest in bitcoin, which is mind-blowing,”  noted  Selkis.  However, it is also important to consider the dependence of altcoins on bitcoin and the network effect it presents over the cryptocurrency market. Often, as seen on May 27, significant drop in the price of bitcoin leads to the decline of other altcoins. In most cases, altcoins suffer deeper declines in market cap and price in contrast to bitcoin.  Today for instance, bitcoin saw a 20 percent decline in price while altcoins such as Ripple, NEM, Stellar Lumens and Golem experienced nearly a 50 percent decline in market cap. After dipping below $1,900, bitcoin price has already recovered beyond $2,050. Meanwhile, the majority of altcoins are struggling to recover and regain momentum.  Bitcoin has also regained its 50% dominance over the cryptocurrency market, which it failed to secure over the past few months, primarily due to the strong rally of Ethereum and Ripple.  Unexpectedly, the majority of investors within the cryptocurrency market believes that bitcoin will not be the dominant blockchain after the market matures.  Even successful billionaire early-stage investors such as Fred Wilson have previously stated that bitcoin will not be the dominant blockchain. At the Techonomy NYC event, Wilson  stated:  “Bitcoin probably will not be the dominant public blockchain.”  Yet, bitcoin’s dominance and influence over other altcoins have been evident on today’s decline of the cryptocurrency market. Furthermore, bitcoin accounts for over 50 percent of most altcoins’ trading volumes. In other words, the BTC/altcoin pair is usually the largest trading pair for all altcoins including Ripple and Ethereum.  Casual traders and small-scale investors follow mainstream and influential figures such as Fred Wilson for investment advice and outlook on bitcoin. The truth is, most of these experts outside of the cryptocurrency market and industry have been inaccurate in predicting future events. Wilson previously stated that a fork was imminent and that Open Bazaar was going to be the killer app of bitcoin. None of the two predictions turned out to be correct.  Investors should take away two important lessons from today’s altcoin or cryptocurrency market decline: altcoins investors turn back to bitcoin in times of instability and uncertainty and bitcoin often recovers from short-term decline caused by bubbles and major corrections.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   $2,500…$2,700…$1,850. It’s a Bitcoin Price Rollercoaster Twitter  The corrective course of bitcoin price sees the cryptocurrency hit a low of $,1850 on Bitstamp. The figure is a 7-day low in a week that saw bitcoin reach an all-time high beyond $2,750. The sharp drop follows fears of a bubble among observers this week.  Bitcoin prices are at a 7-day low. Chart via BitcoinWisdom.  The narrative for much of the week was ‘another day, another all-time high for the world’s most prominent cryptocurrency’.  Speaking to  Reuters , Leonhard Weese, president of the Bitcoin Association Hong Kong, summed up the bitcoin rush:  Suddenly everyone is realising that there will only ever be 21 million bitcoins and that this might be there last chance to get into the market  – and that is what is leading to these huge price spikes.  On Thursday’s trading, bitcoin price spiked nearly 15%, gaining over $350 in value as it reached a new all-time high of $2,760 on the Bitstamp Price Index (BPI). A  sharp fall later , bitcoin was trading around $2,400.  Led by trading in US markets, bitcoin’s value in recent days is being propelled by mainstream coverage that’s driving everyday investors to jump aboard in adopting the cryptocurrency. Figures from CoinmarketCap reveal a mammoth $2.5 billion in bitcoins traded over a 24-hour period, as the cryptocurrency approached a $45 million market cap.   The US trading market totaled over 35% of the global trading on average throughout the week. The overwhelming demand saw Coinbase, one of the largest US bitcoin trading platforms, suffer  multiple outages  this week. “Coinbase has experienced unprecedented traffic and trading volume this week,” stated the exchange, which also facilitates Ethereum and Litecoin trading.  A spiking demand for the cryptocurrency is bolstering Asian trading markets. China, previously the world’s largest bitcoin trading market, is making a return to the top end of the table with chatter of the country’s bitcoin exchanges resuming withdrawals in June.  Over the last 24 hours, Japan is pulling even with Chinese markets. The increased trading in Japan coincides with a drop in the  $300 premiums   this week. The Japanese government recognized bitcoin as  legal tender in April , triggering a boom in mainstream demand. To fuel supply, a number of Japanese companies from other industries are vying for a place in the bitcoin economy, with plans to  launch over 10 new exchanges  in the country.  Speaking to Reuters, an analyst looking into Japanese markets stated:  In the past, bitcoin was traded only by the people who have been dealing with crypto-currencies. This year, regular people are starting to join, making trading so volatile.  As bitcoin captures the attention of the world, never has the volatility been more pronounced. Enough to see one Indian bitcoin exchange, Zebpay, tell its users to be  wary of getting into investing  in bitcoin, the very service it offers.  “Bitcoin prices are very volatile right now. Please use caution while investing,” the exchange wrote. “This is a new technology innovation on a global but early stage. Your investment should match your knowledge. Be safe!”  For a real-time  bitcoin  price chart, click  here .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ethereum Briefly Accounts For 50% of Bitcoin’s Market Cap After Strong Rally Twitter  After surpassing the market cap of Ripple and reclaiming its spot as the second largest cryptocurrency or cryptoasset, Ethereum’s market cap briefly accounted for 50 percent of bitcoin’s market cap.  On May 24, Ethereum’s market cap surpassed the $20 billion mark for the first time, demonstrating a record high $800 million daily trading volume. During that time, Bitcoin’s market cap stabilized at around $39 billion, which allowed Ethereum to secure a market cap that was over 51 percent to that of Bitcoin’s.  Although Ethereum’s market cap and value have declined slightly since then, by around $1.3 billion, it still remains as the dominant second largest cryptocurrency behind bitcoin, with a market cap of $18 billion, which is $8 billion higher than the distant third largest cryptoasset Ripple.  There exist several reasons why Ethereum (ETH) has surged significantly since the beginning of 2017. The majority of ETH traders and investors in have been investing and trading Ether due to  the formation  of the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA) and rising interest from institutional investors.   Mainstream media outlets including CNBC have extensively covered the  explosive growth  of the EEA and the value of Fortune 500 companies the EEA is in partnership with, including Toyota, ING, DTCC and Rabobank.  More importantly, CNBC analysts explained that the EEA and its platform are being actively utilized by large-scale companies such as Airbus and John Hancock Financial. CNBC revealed that John Hancock Financial is using the blockchain platform of EEA to track Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) policies while aircraft maker Airbus is using the decentralized protocol of Airbus to manage its supply chain.  The automation of regulations and policies using the decentralized blockchain of Ethereum is a concept that is being actively investigated by both the EEA and its participating companies. Specifically, Ethereum release coordinator Vinay Gupta emphasized the importance of regulation automation using Ethereum during his presentation to the European Parliament.  Gupta  explained:  “The thing which would be most useful in all of this is if we had mechanical representations of law it would allow people to figure out whether what they wanted to do is compliant or not compliant very cheaply. This is an enormously powerful new growth area and the more work that could be done on creating software definitions of law that would allow people to automatically check when their programs are compliant, the better the future will be.”  The rising demand toward Ethereum and its applications from the companies within the EEA and institutional investors such as Fidelity Investments, which manages $2.13 trillion worth of assets, has allowed Ethereum to sustain its strong momentum and portray its growth through its rising market cap and price.  Some multi-billion dollar companies including Fidelity are so keen on discovering the potential of Ethereum to the point where they have started to mine Ethereum and utilize it to make payments, automate systems and optimize operations.  In an interview with Reuters, Fidelity Investments CEO Abigail Johnson  said:  “I love this stuff – bitcoin, ethereum, blockchain technology – and what the future holds. We have built proofs of concepts that accept bitcoin microtransactions. We set up small bitcoin and ethereum mining operations, just done in the spirit of learning.”  Featured image from Shutterstock. For more Ethereum news, click  here .  
DECREASE	   Blockstack Unveils Decentralized Tokenized Blockchain Web Browser Twitter  As the list of dApps (decentralized applications) grows ever longer, a new class of platform has started to arise. Decentralized browsers have been hitting the market at a steady stream this year, offering users the ability to interact with the Ethereum network using a decentralized system.  First Movers  ERC20-compliant wallet and established platform  Parity  offers an Ethereum browsing client that integrates directly with current internet browsers such as Apple’s Safari and Google Chrome. Thanks to cross-functionality with ShapeShift, as well as a developer team including members of the Ethereum core developers, Parity scores major points for the legitimacy of their platform. Recently, Parity was included as one of the few options  for purchasing STORJ, the tokens sold as part of decentralized cloud-storage company Storj Project’s recent ICO.   Mobile Technology  Another name that’s been making waves in the decentralized browser market is  Status . More than just a decentralized browser, Status is branded as a mobile Ethereum operating system, allowing for a frictionless browsing, messaging, and payments experience directly from a smartphone. Available for Android and iOS devices, Status runs go-ethereum, turning a mobile device into an Ethereum node.     Status     Counter to Status, there’s  Token Browser . Though it doesn’t run go-ethereum, Token offers similar functionality to Status to the end user: decentralized browsing, messaging, and payments. Still relatively new, Token already boasts ten thousand users who have conducted almost forty thousand transactions in the first month of its Alpha release.   New Kid on the Blockchain  Earlier this week, Blockstack  revealed it’s own decentralized browser . Harkening back to the early days of Bitcoin, Blockstack offers a full stack for decentralized application development, covering identity with secured keys, storage by allowing users to utilize their own storage providers, and payments through the support of Bitcoin as well as many other cryptocurrencies.   Blockstack Browser  What separates Blockstack from the crowd is its mission to not only be a browser but a disruptive, comprehensive ecosystem for the newly emerging decentralized world. The Blockstack browser, they purport, is here to fix the “broken” old internet and take the power out of the hands of the corporations that currently dominate the web.  Browser Wars 3.0  Will this situation play out like the browser wars of old? Will these platforms become the next Firefox, Chrome, Safari, and Internet Explorer? Though it’s still early in the life cycles of these new technologies to draw direct comparisons, expect allegiances to form as the cryptocurrency community, by their very philosophy, has proven to quickly break into factions. Each of these new decentralized browsers has its own set of advantages, but only time will tell which factors determine success.   
DECREASE	   Instant Bank Payments Will End Bitcoin Binge: German Central Bank Chief Twitter  Jens Wiedmann, the president of Germany’s Bundesbank, has warned that digital currencies could potentially worsen financial crises in the future. He also stated, in his personal opinion, that ‘instant payments’ would put an end to the public interest in digital currencies like bitcoin.  Germany’s top central banker was speaking in Frankfurt today in a speech predominantly on the European Central Bank’s quantitative easing (QE) program when he touched on the subject of digital currencies.  Instant Payments to Dampen Bitcoin?  Wiedmann, who is one of the most powerful figures in European and the global economy, claimed that the ongoing digitization of finance is and will remain the most significant challenge faced by central banks.  He offered a solution toward taking on popular growing financial technologies like bitcoin and other digital currencies.  In quotes reported by the  Financial Times , he stated:  My personal take on this is that central banks should strive to make existing payment systems more efficient and still faster than they already are – instant payment is the buzzword here. I’m pretty confident that this will reduce most citizens’ interest in digital currencies.  ‘Digital Currencies Could Worsen Financial Crises’  Wiedmann admitted that central banks are likely to create their own official digital currencies in the future. A move toward digitization which would, according to the central banker, provide citizens with the reassurance that their money would be safe. In doing so, however, Wiedmann claimed that private banks would risk bank runs during times of future crises.  A bank run occurs when a large number of customers panic to make withdrawals from financial institutions at the same time. In their attempt to safeguard their cash while losing faith in the institution, the withdrawal en masse from customers could lead to banks losing liquidity and struggle to make their loans, leaving them insolvent.  Wiedmann said:  Allowing the public to hold claims on the central bank might make their liquid assets safer, because a central bank cannot become insolvent. This is a feature which will become relevant especially in times of crisis – when there will be a strong incentive for money holders to switch bank deposits into the official digital currency simply at the push of a button. But what might  be a boon for savers in search of safety, might be a bane for banks, as this makes a bank run potentially even easier.  The central banker is a known critic of digitization brought on by financial technologies,  questioning the promise  of FinTech revolutionizing financial services and infrastructure earlier in March this year. However, he did add that technologies like blockchain ‘could’ have the potential to make financial processes faster, inexpensive, more efficient and convenient.  Meanwhile, the Bundesbank has been developing a  blockchain-based settlement infrastructure system , based on a concept of the open source www.ccn.com/tag/hyperledger-project/.  Featured image from Flickr/ Bankenverband .  
DECREASE	   The Flippening: Is Ethereum Set to Become the #1 Cryptocurrency? Twitter  Dubbed “The Flippening” by cryptocurrency enthusiasts, the scenario in which Ethereum surpasses  Bitcoin  and becomes the number one cryptocurrency has been setting the community abuzz, as it seems it’s only a matter of time before the people’s money becomes number two.  Ethereum’s Ether token was worth about $8 in early January, and has surged almost 5,000% this year to reach a $412 all-time high,  according to data from CoinMarketCap . Bitcoin, on the other hand, started 2017 at around $960 per coin, and has recently been flirting with the $3,000 mark, before  dropping over 10% of its value .  Earlier this year,  Bitcoin’s dominance  was above 80%, but over time Ethereum and other altcoins have been growing at an incredible pace – so much so there are now  7 cryptocurrencies with a market cap above $1 billion . At the time of press, bitcoin’s dominance is at 40.48%, while Ethereum has already gotten to 31.87%.  Ethereum’s incredible surge has been fueled by various factors. Among them, the increasing popularity of Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) such as that of  Brave browser’s Basic Attention Token (BAT) , and the success of the  Ethereum Enterprise Alliance’s  adoption by various Fortune 500 companies, among others.  Right now, Ethereum’s total market cap is of $35.53 billion, while Bitcoin’s is at $44.74 billion – less than $10 billion separate the two cryptocurrencies. This is still a huge gap but, as Bruce Fenton put it on Twitter:   Last 24hrs Bitcoin was down over 9%  & Ethereum was up over 15%.  If that happens again EVER from these levels then Ethereum is largest coin.  — Bruce Fenton (@brucefenton)  June 13, 2017   “The Flippening is Nigh”  One of the top threads on the r/btc subreddit states that “ The Flippening is Nigh ”, and in it users are now discussing what went wrong for bitcoin nearly be losing its number one cryptocurrency spot to Ethereum, while pointing fingers at members of the community.  According to  The Flippening website , however, Bitcoin is still above Ethereum in value and in search interest in Google, as everything else has already been overtaken. Ethereum’s tradng volumes were of $2.346 billion in the last 24h, while Bitcoins’ were of $2.282 billion, Ethereum has a larger number of nodes, and a larger number of transactions being processed.   At the time of press, Ethereum takes up 79.4% of Bitcoin’s market cap. On the  r/ethtrader  subreddit, Ethereum users are even being encouraged in one of the top threads not to troll bitcoiners.  Although most speculate that Bitcoin’s endless scaling debate is what’s stopping the cryptocurrency from escaping the situation, others believe that The Flippening will indeed occur, although only for a short period of time until Ethereum’s bubble bursts. Speculators believe that a lot of ICOs won’t deliver on what has been promised so far and that, as such, Ethereum prices will eventually crash.  Moreover, even if Bitcoin becomes the number two cryptocurrency, it still holds all of its potential. Bitcoin is being adopted by a large number of businesses and is already a  legal currency in Japan , for example.  If Ethereum manages to overtake Bitcoin and become the number one cryptocurrency for a long time, this only means the impact its smart contracts can have is increasing and that blockchain technology is successfully changing the world.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   OneCoin Crackdown: Police Look for Six Promoters in India Twitter  Indian police have issued a nationwide look-out notice against six alleged promoters of OneCoin, a purported digital currency scheme widely seen as a scam.  According to a report in  The Hindu  this weekend, the Central Bureau of Intelligence  – India’s primary law enforcement agency – has issued a look-out notice against four Indians, a Mauritian and a Bulgarian who are accused of being involved in OneCoin. The latter two, in particular, are seen as the masterminds of the operation.  The notice has been issued at airports around the country, a move that has previously seen one operator to be detained at the Mumbai International Airport upon re-entry from Hong Kong.  Senior Police Inspector Shivaji Awate added:  Similarly, if any of these six accused either try to fly out or come back to the country, we will be able to nab them.  India’s crackdown on Onecoin  began in April  when undercover cops attended a weekend OneCoin seminar that saw some 500 participants. The presentation promised significant returns for potential investors on the purchase of a single Onecoin for ₹11,900 (approx. $185). Indian police proceeded to arrest 18 operators, seen as ‘local agents’ luring new investors to the scheme.  A 15-member investigative team at the CBI’s Economics Offence Wing (EOW) were tasked to carry out the investigation into the money-trial which saw seizures of nearly ₹25 crores (approx. $3.8 million) from multiple bank accounts.  These bank accounts, the investigation revealed, belonged to a company named ‘Premium Payment Solution’. An Indian national – already under arrest  – was installed as the director of the company due to Indian regulations that enforce foreign investors to require an Indian director for a company based in the country.  The investigation has, thus far, seen 22 arrests of individuals allegedly involved in OneCoin in the country. The initial undercover operation arrested 18, followed by four in May. After  two arrests  last month initially, one of whom was caught at Mumbai airport, Indian police arrested two more with seizures of luxury cars worth ₹90 lakhs (approx. $140,000).  The arrests and seizures of property and cash are a part of a significant crackdown by Indian authorities. Last year, financial regulators from  Belgium ,  Uganda  and the  United Kingdom  issued public warnings against participation in Onecoin.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Needs Regulation to Boom: Morgan Stanley Twitter  Investment bank Morgan Stanley sees bitcoin to be dependent on governments ’ acceptance to really take off, at a time when the cryptocurrency tripled its value since the turn of the year.  In a report titled 43-page whitepaper titled ‘Blockchain: Unchained?”, Morgan Stanley isn’t entirely clear on determining just why bitcoin has been soaring lately. The whitepaper, released Tuesday, was penned by Wall Street analyst  James Faucette  and his colleagues at Morgan Stanley who looked into the progression of bitcoin and blockchain technology over a 12-month period.  CCN was unable to get that report, for now. They aren’t distributed publicly. However, investment publication  Barron’s  and  Bloomberg  got to review it and highlighted some interesting takeaways from the whitepaper.  ‘We’ve Been Getting Calls About Bitcoin ’  “The rapid appreciation of cryptocurrencies has elicited many inbound phone calls to both our banks and tech teams,” the investment firm revealed.  In trying to figure out why bitcoin has gone meteoric of late, an excerpt from the report read:  Possible explanations include investors in search of uncorrelated risk assets and technologists looking for incremental security. But government acceptance would be required for this to further accelerate, the price of which is regulation.  So, Morgan Stanley is striking a cautious note despite bitcoin’s recent booms. Regulation, and, by extension, the government’s acknowledgment is what’s needed for the cryptocurrency to really take off and hit the mainstream, according to the investment bank.  Looking into Price Factors  The authors cite Asia’s increasing appetite for bitcoin as a significant factor behind the cryptocurrency’s growth in value. “China. Up until the last few days, a disproportionate share of Bitcoin mining was taking place in China (where there is cheap access to servers and cheap electricity),” they noted, pointing to the crackdown led by China’s central bank this year to curb t he outflow of money in China.  The People’s Bank of China (PBoC) has impacted bitcoin prices for much of Q1 2017, a time when China’s bitcoin trading market was the largest in the world. The central bank’s roundabout grip on bitcoin prices has waned in recent months and no longer holds the influence it once had.  “Bitcoin appreciation seems to have been heavily driven in recent months by increased buying from Korea and Japan,” the report read. “In Japan, the recent legalization of Bitcoin has led to an increase in activity, including the recent opening of new Bitcoin exchanges. In Korea, however, there is not a clear explanation for the surge.”  What about Ethereum and Ripple? The authors aren’t certain. It’s “Not clear why cryptocurrencies are appreciating so rapidly (apart from the appreciation itself drawing in more speculation against a potentially inefficient ability to sell).,” they wrote, adding: “Rapid appreciation of cryptocurrencies is encouraging speculative formation of new currencies.”  “No Use Cases for Digital Currencies”  “Many of these new currencies don’t actually have use cases yet, but are intended to be exchange mediums for everything from virtual goods in games to banking mechanisms for products like marijuana where legal implications are not yet fully clear,” they further wrote.  “ICOs are funded with existing cryptocurrencies, hence driving an appreciation circle—e.g., to support/invest in a new currency, one must buy and trade an existing cryptocurrency. ”  Blockchain Technology is “Lacking a Killer App”  Bitcoins’ runaway price tear aside, the cryptocurrency is the most visible, functional implementation of decentralization and blockchain technology. “Bitcoin is the well-known cybercurrency that bought all of this [blockchain technology] to our attention, said Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak during a  recent public talk .  Despite bitcoin’s rise in prominence, the analysts and Morgan Stanley do not see a “killer app” for blockchain technology in finance.  “We are now firmly in the proof-of-concept phase of development,” they authors wrote.  They further added that regulators are involved in the blockchain space, keeping a keen and close eye on developments. Inexplicably, they added:  Some have suggested privacy could be improved. Regulators are looking to have a master key so all transactions are visible to them.  CCN will update this story upon acquiring the report.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Australia and Hong Kong Regulators Ink FinTech Agreement Twitter  The securities regulators of Hong Kong and Australia have signed a FinTech cooperation agreement with the mutual aim to aid and develop financial innovation in each other’s economies.  With an announcement yesterday, the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) and the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) signed a ‘Co-operation Agreement’ that will see them establish and adhere to a pro-FinTech framework for the two countries. The framework will encourage the two regulators to discuss and share information of new developments in th e space.  The agreement will see the two regulators paving a simpler path for FinTech startups from both countries to gain entry into each other’s jurisdictions. The ASIC and the SFC will refer local FinTech businesses to each other via their respective innovation hubs, with startups and companies gaining priority regulatory advice.  ASIC Commissioner Cathie Armour stated:  Financial services are a major contributor to Hong Kong’s US$316 billion economy. The Cooperation Agreement is a significant boost for Australia’s burgeoning fintech sector and will ease entry into this important market for innovative Australian businesses.  Asian economies like China and Hong Kong are among the largest adopters of financial technologies. Digital wallets and peer-to-peer payments have permeated into everyday society, with China, in particular, seeing some 500 million people adopt the likes of WeChat and Alipay.  Australia is looking to learn from Hong Kong’s proactive leap in financial technologies. The agreement “will enable ASIC to keep abreast of regulatory and relevant economic or commercial developments in Hong Kong and to use this to inform Australia’s regulatory approach,” Australia’s securities regulator revealed.  The ASIC signed a  similar agreement  with the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) in April 2016. At the time, ASIC chairman Greg Medcraft markedly revealed that the regulator had seen a rise in FinTech companies developing blockchain business models in Australia after the launch of ASIC’s  Innovation Hub  in 2015.  Medcraft has  publicly encouraged  his regulatory counterparts around the world to embrace blockchain technology. In March 2017, the regulator released an  information broadsheet with six questions  posed toward companies who are considering the adoption of blockchain technology in Australia.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   PotCoin Sends Dennis Rodman to North Korea, Price Doubles Twitter  Yesterday, Dennis Rodman made another trip to North Korea. He had no problem thanking Potcoin for the opportunity (they apparently funded his trip), wearing a Potcoin.com shirt during his trip as he was besieged by reporters. Interest in the Proof-of-Stake Bitcoin alternative understandably grew in tandem, and the currency saw a doubling in price in 24 hours of trading:   Rodman has a history of visiting the North Korean leader Kim Jung Un, who is  known to smoke marijuana  in a dystopian, communist dictatorship which ironically has no laws against the plant. You may be dirt poor and starving half the time, you may not have the right to speak your mind, you may have less civil liberty than anywhere else in the world, but if you live in North Korea, you can already legally smoke marijuana.  Rodman  said of the trip :  I’m really looking forward to spending time with the wonderful people of North Korea and of course, visiting with the Supreme Leader, Kim Jong Un. I want to thank the folks at PotCoin. They realized the importance of this trip and made it all possible for me.  PotCoin for North Korea?  That being the case, and with increasing legalization worldwide, is it possible that PotCoin and North Korea could get together for a little economic subterfuge? North Korea could grow the crop, after all, and surreptitiously export it in the same way it already is forced to smuggle in numerous goods, could smuggle it out. The North Korean government could then accept PotCoin, Bitcoin, and others.  Rodman wasn’t wearing a Bitcoin shirt, but it can be said that at this time, PotCoin doesn’t have a lot of value without Bitcoin. It’s one of the myriad cryptocurrencies that rely on Bitcoin for ultimate exchange into fiat value. However, North Korea could use the currencies for much more if it so chose, and could have a subsequent effect of raising the tide for all cryptocurrencies.  Establishing trade lines the world over by avoiding the banking blockades, demand for cryptocurrencies could increase a great deal just based on the commerce of one country. If other countries in similar circumstances began doing similar things, as cryptocurrencies mature and it becomes more feasible to find sellers all over the world who will accept Bitcoin and others, and the growth could be astronomical.  If the cost of transacting in Bitcoin continues to rise, people will continue to look for other ways to use the same technology without the cost, and so alternative cryptocurrencies will continue to grow and offer opportunities in the developing world. The problem of keeping funds secure in some parts of the world is already answered by virtually any tradeable, digital currency, and so those which can keep the cost of transacting down will be more attractive to certain parts of the world.  Featured image from Potcoin.  
DECREASE	   R3 Aims to Build the  ‘Operating System of Finance ’ Twitter  R3 CEO David Rutter has stated that his company seeks to build the  “operating system of finance ” and compared their project to a platform like Apple ’s App Store.  R3  (or R3CEV) is a distributed database company headquartered in New York City. The firm leads a consortium aimed at the development of blockchain database usage in the financial system. Their plan is to unify the banking system by one ledger, which would allow the validation of transactions in near-real time. The company created a blockchain-based platform called  “ Corda “, which can be used by developers to build applications for financial institutes. Just as Microsoft developed the Windows operating system to run various software, R3 seeks to do the same with Corda.  He stated:  Corda is a completely open system that is going to empower entrepreneurs to be able to build Corda apps, roll them out, and actually have them be adopted because they will work with the current financial rails, in a way that is cognizant of and compliant with the regulatory regime.  At the end of May, R3  raised a record $107 million  in a fundraising round, which is currently the largest single investment in a blockchain company. The investors included banks, such as Japan’s SBI group, the UK’s HSBC, Brazil’s Banco Bradesco, French investment bank Natixis. The first two stages of the fundraising were only open to members of the consortium, which includes more than 70 of the world ’s largest financial institutes.  In an interview with  Business Insider ,  Rutter said banks are spending tens of billions of dollars each year on writing APIs between trading and order management systems. The CEO stated that such third party software  “doesn ’t communicate easily ”. Santander ’s 2015 report backs Rutter ’s statement, where researchers of the financial institute reported that the blockchain technology could save banks as much as $20 billion per year.  R3CEV works together with 40 big banks that are current investors of the company, and a further 50 members of the consortium. According to Rutter, the financial institutes are interested in different  “themes ” when deploying the blockchain tech, including trade finance, global digital identification, post-trade processing, and payments.  Rutter said that a major part of the $107 million will be spent on the development of Corda, as well as encouraging developers to start building on the platform using the training material provided by R3.  “One point I try to get across when I meet these new entrepreneurs with a great idea is that if you are a JPMorgan or a Goldman Sachs or a Wells Fargo or HSBC, you can see an amazing presentation by a company that has five, ten, 20 employees and $10 million in the bank. You CANNOT go to your boss and say I want to move this mission critical function to this thinly capitalized 20 man shop, ” Rutter said.  However, not all banks are so positive of R3 ’s project. JP Morgan, the largest financial institute of the United States,  left the consortium  at the end of April. Since JP Morgan is one of the founding members of the Ethereum Enterprise Alliance, a rival blockchain platform committed to the business use of Ethereum, many think the bank left R3 ’s consortium since it was a rival project. Along with JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Santander, and State Street had left R3CEV. Despite the fact that multiple financial institutes left the project, Rutter expects a positive outcome.  “Those guys [banks who left R3], I’m sure they’ll work with R3 in the future, especially as we become the standard. As you know, the network part of this is very important. There’s been a lot of people that have talked about this as being a team sport. You could talk to the 90 members of R3 and they would increase the confidence that we’re on the right track with the right sponsorship. They’ll come back. They were there at the beginning, they’ll come back, ” Rutter said.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Hedge Fund Clients Ask Goldman Sachs to Cover Bitcoin Twitter  Hedge funds clients have reportedly petitioned Goldman Sachs’ chief technician to begin covering bitcoin, mainly on account of the poor performance of hedge funds.  “The market has come close (enough?) to reaching its extended (2.618) target for a 3rd of V-waves from the inception low at 3,134, ” Sheba Jafari, the company’s chief technician, wrote, according to Tyler Durden, a financial writer noted in  ZeroHedge , a financial news website.  “It ’s on track to forming a bearish key day reversal if today ’s close settles below 2,749. ”  Bitcoin reached a record $3,000 on Monday, but did not hold this position and fell below the $2,759.  Bitcoin Expected To Reach New Highs  Durden stated the fact that Goldman Sachs is bearish on the market indicates bitcoin will likely reach new record highs. He also wrote that the market daily and weekly oscillations are “diverging negatively.”  Hedge funds have been starved of volatility in all other classes of assets, according to Durden,  He also noted fund managers are eagerly awaiting Goldman Sachs’ views on Ethereum.  Most hedge fund managers have stayed away from bitcoin . However, the few that have included it are significantly outperforming their peers, according to  Bitcoin.com .  A New Level Of Bitcoin Acceptance  Should Goldman Sachs invest in bitcoin, it would signal a new level of acceptance for the cryptocurrency for institutional investors. Institutional investors have largely avoided bitcoin.  The largest fund to hold bitcoin is the Pantera Bitcoin Fund, which was a $160 million hedge fund last year.  The HFRI Weighted Composite Index, based on hedge fund indices, only returned 0.46% in May and 3.5% year-to-date. In comparison, the S &P500 total return was 1.16% in May and 9.61% year-to-date, while bitcoin has gained 180% this year.  Goldman Sachs has been aggressively exploring blockchain technology for financial transactions and trade infrastructure. The company was one of the first members of the R3 blockchain consortium, but ended its membership in October.  Goldman Sachs is an investor in possible R3 competitor Digital Asset  and has filed multiple payments for its cryptocurrency and a blockchain solution for foreign exchange trading.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Kazakhstan Central Bank Develops Blockchain Mobile App for Securities Twitter  Kazakhstan’s central bank has completed a pilot phase of a blockchain mobile application that will ultimately enable investors to purchase and sell securities directly from the central bank.  The pilot phase of the project will allow investors to buy short-term debt notes from the National Bank of Kazakhstan through a mobile application, with no commission fees. According to the bank’s announcement, the debt notes for sale will be valued at about 100 tenge (approx. $0.3).  An excerpt from the  announcement  underlined the advantages that a blockchain-based issuance system would bring to investors.  It read:  The proposed project will allow citizens to buy and sell the notes of the National Bank online from a mobile phone, bypassing intermediaries, namely brokers and dealers. No taxes and no commissions. Absolute liquidly and no restrictions on the periods of ownership.  The central bank specifically pointed to blockchain’s core features of immutability and record-keeping that will keep an account of executed deals while tamper-proofing the details.  To gain access to the feature, investors will simply need to register themselves via the mobile app. The mobile app will then prompt users to buy electronic money (possibly a top-up) before using them to purchase securities. Similarly, the app will also enable investors to sell securities, at “any time.”  “Each operation with short-term notes will be stored as a transaction that has its own identifier and formation algorithm,” the central bank explained. “All transactions will form a special transaction block.”  To get here, the central bank had to undertake “a comprehensive resolution” of the country’s legislation in securities and payments systems, citing a need to comply with customer identification protocols to combat money laundering. Remote identification is particularly key, as the convenience of a mobile application means that securities transactions will not see an intermediar y’s presence nor require a personal visit by the investor or authority.  Notably, the central bank hinted at the issuance of other assets over its blockchain application, specifically pointing to IPOs.  The blockchain mobile app is currently undergoing internal testing and is scheduled for release later this year.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   (+) Cryptocurrency Analysis: Zcash, Bitshares, Stratis, Steem, Factom Twitter  The correction in Bitcoin on Monday, the IOTA and Bancor ICOs, and the strong rally in Ethereum all caused volatility in small cap coins in recent days, and several of the rising stars registered deep corrections. That said, some of the most bullish coins are already trading at or near new highs, and all in all, the broad bull market is still intact. While both BTC and ETH are  still on a correction warning because of  the long-term picture , we expect a strong recovery from the up-and-coming coins. We will take a look on five of the most promising currencies today.   
DECREASE	   (+) Exciting Times Twitter  It ’s gonna be a huge day for all markets!!!   Stocks, Currencies, Commodities, Cryptocurrencies, and even Alt-coins have big announcements coming up.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin-Friendly Swiss Private Bank Adds Support for Ethereum, Litecoin, and Bitcoin Cash Twitter  Falcon Private Bank, the first Swiss bank to offer bitcoin blockchain asset management services, has announced it will add support for ether, litecoin, and bitcoin cash, effective August 22. In partnership with Bitcoin Suisse AG, Falcon Private Bank customers will be able to buy, hold, and sell ETH, BCH, and LTC.  It was just a month ago that the bank  added support for bitcoin , but Arthur Vayloyan, Global Head Products  & Services at Falcon Private Bank, said that their bitcoin asset management service was so well-received that they decided to add more cryptocurrencies to their platform:  We are pleased to add Ether, Litecoin and Bitcoin Cash to our services just a month after introducing blockchain asset management solutions with Bitcoin. The first reactions to our Bitcoin services have been very encouraging and we are convinced that by adding three new blockchain assets we will fulfill our clients’ future needs.  The Zurich-based bank –which also has locations in London, Luxembourg, Dubai, and Abu Dhabi –has provided wealth management services for more than 50 years and controls an estimated 14.6 billion CHF of client assets ($15.2 billion). CEO of Bitcoin Suisse AG Niklas Nikolajsen lauded the bank for taking the historic step of offering cryptocurrency directly to its clients while also receiving approval from the Swiss Financial Markets Regulatory Authority.  Bitcoin Suisse is proud to continue to support Falcon Private Banks product offering in the field of cryptoassets. Falcon Private Bank was the first bank to offer Bitcoin directly to its clients, and thus created history. Their decision to follow up by adding Ether as well as other crypto-assets has made them the go-to private bank for cryptoasset holders and investors.  Cryptocurrency Continues to Gain Legitimacy  Falcon Private Bank ’s embrace of cryptocurrency is another example of the mainstream financial sector viewing digital currency as increasingly legitimate.  A former PayPal executive said he believes cryptocurrency is the fulfillment of PayPal ’s  original vision , and bitcoin legalization has  bipartisan support  from Australian legislators. The move is also beneficial for altcoins, which have struggled to gain the level of mainstream recognition bitcoin receives. This could set a precedent that will make it easier for other cryptocurrencies to gain acceptance in the traditional finance sector. No coin will benefit more than bitcoin cash, however; could another cryptocurrency garner su pport from an established bank within a month of its creation?  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Two Bitcoin Exchanges Gain Official Licenses in the Philippines Twitter  The Philippines central bank has reportedly approved the registration of two bitcoin exchanges in the country, months after introducing regulations for cryptocurrency exchanges.  According to local publication  PhilStar , the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) has granted approval to two bitcoin exchanges to operate in the country during a rapid increase in the usage of cryptocurrencies. The daily newspaper cites BSP governor Nestor Espenilla Jr. who was speaking at a financial technology conference during the weekend. While the governor did not reveal the names of the newly-approved exchanges,  he added that “they are local based but they have international roots”. The two operators are likely to international exchanges expanding operations locally in the country.  As  reported earlier , the Philippine central bank released new regulatory guidelines for bitcoin exchanges in February this year. Prior to setting the ‘Guidelines for Virtual Currency (VC) Exchanges’ [PDF], the central bank previously classified virtual currency exchange operators as remittance companies. Among other requirements, exchanges will be required to obtain the “Certificate or Registrati on’ (COR) to operate as an approved exchange.  While small, the rapid growth of the bitcoin sector in the Philippines was the driving factor behind the central bank’s move to regulate the industry. Philippines is the third largest receiver of remittances in the world, with some $30 billion – about 10% of the country’s GDP – as inward remittance in 2015.  The central bank’s governor further revealed that bitcoin trading volumes in the country had more than tripled to $6 million per month compared to the average of $2 million per month in 2016.  Espenilla stated:  We see a rapid increase in the trajectory [of bitcoin adoption]. It is coming from a small base but increasing; that is why we decided to require them to register.  After approval, bitcoin exchanges will be required to submit quarterly reports of total volumes and value of virtual currencies transacted on their platforms. Audited financial statements are mandatory on an annual basis. Any violations of requirements will see penalties including disqualification and cancellation of registration.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Japanese Bitcoin Exchange bitFlyer Prepares for US Launch  Twitter  Japanese bitcoin exchange bitFlyer has announced plans to begin operations in the United States.  Tokyo-based bitFlyer, Japan’s largest bitcoin exchange by trading volume and one of the largest in the world, has now opened an office in San Francisco ahead of its launch in the country in the fall of 2017. Notably, the exchange revealed it has already obtained approval to operate in 34 states in the country. The exchange will enable customers to buy and sell bitcoin through i ts wholly-owned subsidiary, bitFlyer USA Inc.  Underlining its US expansion as the first foray of the bitcoin exchange beyond Japan’s borders, bitFlyer CEO Yuzo Kano stated:  While Bitflyer, Inc. is headquartered in Japan, my vision was always to create a global company, and I am excited that the US will be its first step toward global expansion. Bitcoin is a global currency, now our exchange will be global too.  The announcement of bitFlyer’s expansion comes within weeks of Hong Kong-based bitcoin exchange Bitfinex  announcing plans to quit the US market  citing a challenging regulatory landscape among  a number of other factors . For bitFlyer, an exchange platform that has seen $30 billion in bitcoin trading so far this year alone, the expansion coincides with the rise of “ Mrs.Wantanbe ” – the retail investor class in Japan increasingly becoming a major force in foreign currency trading as a means to combat low interest rates in Japan.  “There is a concept of ‘Mrs. Watanabe’ in the Japanese forex market; she is the personification of household trading in Japan. Bitflyer aims to be the first exchange to allow US bitcoin traders to trade with Mrs. Watanabe,” added bitFlyer COO Bartek Ringwelski.  Last year, bitFlyer  raised ¥3 billion  ($27 million) in a Series C funding round, amassing over $35 million in funding to date. The funding has helped bitFlyer develop its own domestic blockchain payments platform called ‘miyabi’. An early pilot in late 2016 saw a number of major banks test the platform with  results outperforming the technology of the traditional banking system . Indeed, come February 2017,  all three of Japan’s ‘megabanks’  figured as investors in bitFlyer.  Targeting professional and institutional traders initially, bitFlyer will offer BTC/USD trading at launch. The exchange also revealed plans to support “other trading pairs and products” in the future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Analyst: Bitcoin Cash Sell-Off Will Lead Investors to Litecoin Twitter  Tuur Demeester, prominent bitcoin analyst and investor, recently stated that the next Bitcoin Cash (BCH) sell-off will likely lead to an increase in demand toward Litecoin. He emphasized that over the past two years, Litecoin (LTC) has evolved into a real bitcoin hedge due to its activation of the Bitcoin Core development team’s transaction malleability fix and scaling solution  Segregated Witness (SegWit).  “If BCH pump fails, money could roll into LTC, it being a real Bitcoin (BTC) hedge. I just invested some BCH profits into LTC. With  “real Bitcoin hedge ” I mean [that] Litecoin has SegWit and it will likely merge other cutting edge tech ahead of BTC,” Demeester  explained.   Since the completion of the August 1 hard fork execution, BCH has struggled to demonstrate an increase in value and demand from investors. For weeks, it remained behind Ripple in terms of market cap and trading volume. However, as the daily trading volume of BCH drastically increased in Bithumb, the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange based in South Korea, the value of BCH surged. In a period of three days, the price of BCH rose from $300 to $996, coming close to breaching the $1,000 mark.  On August 19, when BCH reached its all-time high price of $996 and a market cap of $16.4 billion, Demeester noted that a sell-off is imminent, mostly due to the abrupt increase in the value of BCH. More importantly, because the trading volume of BCH is heavily concentrated in one market that is South Korea, with Bithumb and Korbit processing 50 percent of global trades, Demeester explained that the BCH exchange market was not at all stable.  As Demeester predicted, the market cap of BCH decreased substantially from August 19 to 21, dropping by over $7 billion within a mere two-day span. BCH has recovered slightly since dipping below the $10 billion region and has since stabilized at $10.5 billion.  Why is it Likely That BCH Volumes Could Flow to Litecoin?  Due to its similarities to bitcoin in terms of structure, monetary policy and philosophy, Litecoin has been considered as a hedge investment tool against bitcoin’s volatility for awhile. Although the entire cryptocurrency market does fluctuate around bitcoin in most circumstances, Litecoin is one of the few cryptocurrencies that remain relatively stable amidst market volatility.  But, it is also important to note that the market for Litecoin is very similar to BCH. Like Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin’s trading volume is heavily centralized in Asia, especially in China. While the vast majority of BCH trading is facilitated through South Korea’s two largest bitcoin exchanges, a significant portion of its trading volume originates from China, simply because all of the Chinese bitcoin exchange market’s largest exchanges by volume have been supporting BCH trading.   Hence, if the market and investors feel less confident in the ability of BCH to rally past its early stages and increase in value over time, there exists a high probability that traders would simply switch over to Litecoin as hedge against bitcoin and BCH. In South Korea, it is also likely that investors would sell their BCH and move to Ethereum, as it also is the largest exchange market for Ether (ETH).  BCH has been incredibly volatile in terms of market cap and price due to controversy surrounding ViaBTC, Bitmain and the recent hard fork announcement of the SegWit2x consortium of companies and miners.   
DECREASE	   Privacy-Focused Dash and Monero Reach All-Time Highs, Bytecoin Dives Twitter  Dash and Monero, two privacy-focused cryptocurrencies with very different designs (Dash being the original implementation of Evan Duffield’s X11 algorithm while Monero is an implementation of the Cryptonote protocol), have taken the opportunity over the past couple of weeks to steadily rise to all-time highs.  Monero  Monero, which means money in Esperanto [link regarding Esperanto], was seeing prices over $80 on Monday morning, reaching #11 in terms of market capitalization while having over twice as much volume as the #10 position (Ethereum classic.)   This represents a new all-time high for Monero, and if recent events are any indicator, some of these gains will be sustained in near-future trading.  Dash     Dash has for a long time been viewed as an impressive innovation on the basic Bitcoin invention. For years they have had impressive features such as incentivized full nodes, instant transactions, completely private transactions, built-in coin mixing, and more. A recent infographic was circulating on social media as of Sunday evening, and really sums up the objections that have been made to Dash’s success:   Dash’s price is now in competition with essentially Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, and Bitcoin itself, with 1 Dash now representing multiple litecoins. Dash continues its development efforts through a decentralized funding mechanism which happens through the Masternode setup. In many ways, from an external perspective, Dash probably appears much more prepared to scale and confront controversy than Bitcoin might at present. CCN conducted the following interview with Dash founder Evan Duffield a couple years ago:   Bytecoin  While a lot of attention and funds were going into the Monero and Dash projects, Bytecoin took a nose-dive, losing as much as 50% of its value in the past week or so.   CCN conducted an interview with  Bytecoin community leader Jenny Goldberg last week . Bytecoin’s continued development efforts and focus on privacy will continue to yield it a valid position in the realm of privacy-centric cryptocurrencies in the coming years.  It is interesting that privacy-focused cryptocurrencies seem to be the slowest to rise. While Ethereum, Litecoin, and others have seen spikes and interest from their inception, it seems that the cryptocurrency economy must grow to a significant size before interest in privacy-focused alternatives grows enough to float their prices a bit higher.  Disclaimer: The author holds all three of the currencies discussed in this article.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Cash Price Dips 18% Following Weekend Rally to $1,000 Twitter  Bitcoin cash price  went on a tear  heading into the weekend, buttressed by a surge in Korean exchange volume, mining profitability  parity with bitcoin , and an impending difficulty adjustment.  These factors converged to shoot the bitcoin cash price from $300 on August 17 to as high as $997 on August 19. This gave bitcoin cash a market cap of nearly $17 billion. For comparison, bitcoin ’s market cap was $17 billion as recently as February.  Bitcoin Cash Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  However, for reasons discussed below, the bitcoin cash price was unable to sustain its record advance and cross $1,000. Shortly after hitting $997, the bitcoin cash price began to slide, and it continued that downward movement on Sunday and Monday. In the past 24 hours, the bitcoin cash price has fallen by 18% to a present value of $665 and market cap of $11 billion. Nevertheless, this represents a 7-day climb of more than 115%.  Difficulty Adjustment Leads to Surge in Mining Profitability  The bitcoin cash price rally made bitcoin cash more profitable to mine than bitcoin as early as Friday. That profitability increased on Saturday, when bitcoin cash ’s network difficulty adjusted down to 7% of the main bitcoin blockchain. The difficulty adjustment caused BCH mining profitability to soar to even greater heights.  Bitcoin Cash Mining Profitability Chart from Coin Dance  At one point, it was 234% as profitable to mine bitcoin cash as the main bitcoin blockchain. Even after today ’s bitcoin cash price dip, BCH remains 84% more profitable to mine than BTC.  AntPool Begins Mining Bitcoin Cash  This surge in profitability convinced some miners to move a significant amount of hash power over to bitcoin cash. Within a matter of days, the hash rate increased from about 400 Petahash/s to 1.6 Exohash. This new group of miners includes AntPool, which has found more than 6% of the last 144 blocks.  Chart from Coin Dance  Difficulty Set to Increase  However, the increased bitcoin cash hash rate means blocks are now being found  every few minutes . One recent block was only 0.19KB in size. Consequently, many people expect the difficulty to adjust again, making it  harder  to mine bitcoin cash:   BCH update  – 500 blocks since diff adj in less than 24 hrs. If prices stay same, miners probably move in 72 hrs when diff adjusts again.  — Jimmy Song (@jimmysong)  August 21, 2017   This, in turn, should make bitcoin cash less profitable to mine and cause miners to switch back to the main blockchain (at least temporarily). Of course, if enough miners leave the network, it could trigger another difficulty adjustment. Anticipating this volatility, ViaBTC  announced  a mining service that will automatically put users on the most profitable chain.  The anticipated difficulty adjustment is likely putting downward pressure on the bitcoin cash price since many traders can currently sell their coins at a significant profit and avoid the uncertainty that will accompany a rapidly-swinging network hash rate.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Hacker Nets over $500,000 after Hacking Enigma before ICO Date Twitter  Last month, CCN reported on  CoinDash’s ICO being hacked . Hackers managed to change the address on its website and made over $9 million. Now, despite not making as much money, a hacker managed to compromise Enigma before its ICO in a similar way, and has netted over 1,500 Ether (over $500,000) from the community.  Enigma, a project started by MIT graduates whose  ICO  was scheduled for September, didn’t lose any money itself, as the hacker only managed to get his hands on the company’s website, mailing list, and Slack group.  After the hacker managed to compromise Enigma’s social accounts, he started to send emails and post Slack messages to urge the community to send funds to his Ethereum address claiming Enigma opened its pre-ICO. In sent emails, according to reports, the hacker stated it had a hard cap set at $20 million. The email read:  “Hello All, We are pleased with the enormous support we have gotten in the last couple of weeks. The Enigma team has decided to open the Pre-Sale to the public. The hard cap for this pre sale will be 20 Million. Please note that tokens will be calculated and distributed based on how much the Pre-Sale raises.”  After being compromised, the Enigma team quickly warned the community and news of the hack spread fast. Nevertheless, about 200 transactions were made. At press time, the hacker has already started moving its Ether to various other addresses.   WARNINGS: DO NOT SEND FUNDS TO ANY ADDRESSES. Certain Enigma accounts are under attack. We are working to resolve this, stay put.  — Enigma Project (@EnigmaMPC)  August 21, 2017   In response to the incident the company took its websites and Slack group offline, and keeps on updating users via Telegram and Twitter. According to  users on Reddit,  after the website was knocked offline the hacker tried to justify it by claiming it was receiving a lot of traffic. On Etherscan, a w arning has already been added to the address  to prevent users from sending funds. Enigma’s team issued a statement on Twitter informing users.  https://twitter.com/EnigmaMPC/status/899571839789387776  How the Hacker Compromised Enigma  While trying to know more about the incident and help other users know about it,  redditors found out  that Enigma CEO Guy Zyskind’s email had been accessed by the hacker. His email, according to reports, had been  dumped on the internet in the past  due to other services being compromised. After these occurrences, Zyskind reportedly never changes his password, and no two-factor authentication was enabled.  Speaking to TechCrunch, a spokesperson stated that certain team passwords were compromised, and that the dedicated website for the token wasn’t affected as it resides on a “separate, more secure server.”  The company added that it has implemented new security measures, including strong passwords and two-factor authentication. The hack, however, is pretty embarrassing taking into account that one of Enigma’s co-founders recently  gave Business Insider his “one way” to prevent ICO hacks . This year,  over $1.2 billion have been raised by ICOs , and this means a lot of bad actors will always try to get their hands on a share of the money.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Feds Bust $7 Million Dark Web Drug Ring in California Twitter  Federal prosecutors have filed charges against multiple individuals accused of running drug distribution networks on dark web marketplaces Silk Road and AlphaBay. The group is said to have sold drugs worth over $7 million in bitcoin during their operations.  An unsealed indictment from the Eastern District Court of California revealed charges filed against two for conspiracy to possess and distribute a controlled substance and money laundering. As reported by the  Los Angeles Times , federal prosecutors have also filed charges against four other individuals for drug possession and distribution charges. One of the two main defendants is also accused of running a marijuana dispensary to launder money from other sources.  Operations on Silk Road  & AlphaBay  Prosecutors allege the group of six to have operated and selling drugs as ‘PureFireMeds’ on the now-defunct darknet market  Silk Road . After Silk Road’s demise, the group then operated as  ‘HumboldtFarms ’ on darknet marketplace AlphaBay from August 2013 to May 2017, prosecutors said. Founded in late 2014,  AlphaBay  gained prominence after the  shuttering  of Silk Road before ultimately  meeting its own end last month  following raids by law enforcement officials in multiple countries around the world.  Further details from the indictment revealed the group had processed over 78,000 orders during their time on Alphabay as a vendor selling drugs in the United States and around the world.  Specifically, the group sold cannabis, ecstasy, LSD, oxycodone, hydrocodone, psilocybin, Xanax and ketamine. Making over $7 million in bitcoin with drugs sold, the group then exchanged their cryptocurrency for cash. The accused are then said to have made cash deposits into a bank account in amounts under $10,000 to circumvent mandated federal reporting requirements. The cash wo uld then be withdrawn the same day in smaller amounts from various bank locations.  If convicted of possessing the drugs, all six defendants face up to 45 years in prison and a $5 million in fines each.  For the charge of distributing controlled substances, the accused face a maximum of 5 years in prison alongside a fine of $500,000. The two primarily accused could face an additional penalty of 20 years in prison each for money-laundering charges.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   How Transmission Aims to Disrupt Multi-Billion Dollar Remittance Industry with Ethereum Twitter  Transmission, an Ethereum-based remittance infrastructure provider that is set to conduct an initial coin offering (ICO) campaign on August 29, is building a global remittance network using the smart contracts protocol of Ethereum.   The demand for efficient and transparent remittance systems in China, India and the Philippines, the three largest remittance markets in the world that receive hundreds of billions of dollars in remittances on a yearly basis, has been on the rise since early 2010. In the Philippines, local remittance networks such as Lhuiller have taken over banks by providing easier and cheape r methods of transferring money both domestically and internationally.  In fact, local remittance service providers in the three countries have grown to a point where multi-billion dollar technology companies including South Korea’s Kakao, the operator of KakaoTalk, the largest messaging app in the country with a staggering 90 percent market penetration rate, have started to invest in bitcoin technology companies to focus on improving the global re mittance infrastructure.  Various venture capital-backed companies including Coins.ph, Rebit, and Satoshi Citadel have been trying to use the bitcoin blockchain to develop more efficient remittance platforms. But, not many companies have attempted to utilize the Ethereum blockchain to lessen the costs of remittances.  By definition, Ethereum is not a cryptocurrency unlike bitcoin. Its native token Ether (ETH) was designed to operate as gas or transaction fee to fuel the network’s decentralized applications. However, as the Ethereum network started to grow at an exponential rate and the daily trading volume of Ether skyrocketed to around $500 million, an increasing number of investors and tra ders, especially in China and South Korea, started to consider it as digital currency and a store of value.  Because Ethereum focuses on flexibility and functionality, its transaction fees are far lower than bitcoin. Hence, Ethereum infrastructure developers like Transmission can utilize Ether transactions to lower costs of global remittances.  In an interview with CCN, Transmission CEO Mike Gorden explained that the company’s development team has developed a system wherein remittance recipients from anywhere in the world can receive remittances in Ethereum with a fee of less than 1 percent. According to Gorden, the 1 percent fee includes the processing fee and exchange rate, which is far lower than the vast majority  of remittance service providers in the market today.  “A specially tuned algorithm that uses the Blockchain solution helps us to adjust the liquidity to ensure the operation of the system and the processing of requests for transactions. The absence of costs for global banking transactions, low commissions for the purchase of currency required for work and crypto-currency on the exchange and optimized expenses for the company ’s offices enable customers to offer an unprecedentedly low commission for transactions not exceeding 1%,” Gorden told CCN.  More importantly, as mentioned above, the Chinese, Philippine and South Korean remittance markets are hundred billion-dollar industries which bitcoin startups and service providers have struggled to take control of. Gorden further emphasized that the Transmission team aims to establish active userbases across those three regions.  “Yes this is our goal. The Asian region is a strategically important area for our technology. At this stage we are represented in the PRC, but in all these regions and their local fiat currencies we will work from the moment the network is launched, i.e. From the 2nd half of 2018. Of course, we expect to become the mainstream and the next generation payment tool in Asia,” he no ted.  This is a sponsored story.  
DECREASE	   Blockchain-Enabled Gateways Are Powering The Industry’s Speedy Development Twitter  This article is written by Pini Raviv, a software engineer and front-end team leader for an Israel-based startup. A Bitcoin aficionado spends his time researching altcoins, mining Ethrereum and blogging about blockchain.  Bitcoin price has continued to rise despite not being expressly recognized and adopted by governments and major global institutions yet.  The growth which is evident in terms of volume and market capitalization is mainly motivated by the improved ease of interchanging the cryptocurrency with fiat and vice versa.  The ease of interaction between Bitcoin and fiat  The transition between cryptocurrencies and fiat remain an essential part of blockchain development. Services offered by blockchain-enabled gateways are taking credit for contributing significantly towards the development of Bitcoin and blockchain as a whole.  The two major applications of Bitcoin by users are:  Bitcoin as an investment Bitcoin as a currency  Bitcoin as an Investment  Over the years, investing in Bitcoin has proven to be a profitable venture. The overall increase in the price of the cryptocurrency despite intermediary drawbacks justifies the actions of users who see the entity as a store of value.  Digital currencies are excellent in storing value and providing a decentralized investment platform. Consumers can buy and sell cryptocurrencies simply and quickly using exchanges. Unlike stocks or equities, cryptocurrencies are decentralized, simple, and user-friendly. The ‘store of value’ model for Bitcoin and others will continue to be a great use.   However, mainstream consumers are still  wanting the benefits that traditional banking affords . Customer service, client rewards, and fast transaction times are all areas where banking has been far more successful than cryptocurrencies. However, new models, like  Empire Card’s Bitcoin debit card , are creating new ways to bridge the gap between cryptocurrency and banking benefits.   As CEO Patricia Harrison recently said:  We are proud to finally have brought a solution that combines the best aspect of the traditional banking model with the benefits that digital currencies can afford.  By combining traditional banking benefits like rewards and client services with the power and  flexibility of cryptocurrencies , companies are beginning to find ways to bring cryptocurrencies into the mainstream.   Bitcoin as a currency  Michael Vogel, CEO of  Netcoins  defines Bitcoin as a truly re-defining  “currency ” in a way the world has never seen before.  Some of the attributes of Bitcoin that enable it to function as a currency are divisibility and fungibility.  Bitcoin can be divided into smaller units. This attribute makes it easy for the cryptocurrency to be used as a means of transaction. Also, the fact that units of Bitcoin can be interchanged qualifies it as a genuine currency.  However, one aspect of Bitcoin that has so far discouraged its total application by the public as a currency, especially by merchants is price volatility.  Vogel describes the present volatility of Bitcoin price as part of an aggressive growth phase.   According to him, some of this volatility is by design, since fixing the total number of coins encourages investors and speculators to bring liquidity and grow the user-base.   Vogel also notes that the stability of price should not be such an important concern when considering Bitcoin as a currency.   He says:  Many would argue that price stability should be a requirement for Bitcoin to function as a genuine currency. However, if Bitcoin evolves to become the preferred backbone for global payments and remittances, then the price of Bitcoin really doesn ’t matter (because it can function as a transaction medium behind the scenes).  Vogel concludes by noting that the next phase of Bitcoin will see more applications that make it easier to use and store Bitcoin. Today anyone can already send, spend, and get paid in Bitcoin, which already makes Bitcoin a genuine currency. Making these functions easier and safer to perform will continue to cement Bitcoin as a viable currency.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ethereum Closes on $350, Demand Surges as Metropolis Hard Fork Nears Twitter  Earlier this week, after the announcement of tech giant Microsoft to release its first Ethereum-based and privacy-focused blockchain framework Coco, the Ethereum foundation revealed its plan to execute a new hard fork named “Metropolis.”  Subsequent to the disclosure of the Ethereum foundation’s plan to execute the Metropolis hard fork by September, the price of Ethereum’s native token Ether surged from around $287 to $345 within a two-day span, as the market cap of Ethereum increased by $3 billion.   The daily trading volume of Ether also recorded a substantial increase, rising from $600 million to a staggering $2.2 billion. At the time of reporting, the daily trading volume of Ethereum is close to bitcoin’s $2.6 billion volume, the only cryptocurrency within the market to come near to bitcoin’s trading volume. Bitcoin Cash, the third largest cryptocurrency behind bitcoin and Ethereum, has recorded a $1.2 billion daily trading volume, almost less than half of Ethereum’s.  Unlike bitcoin, wherein most hard fork executions are contentious and likely lead to chain splits, the vast majority of Ethereum’s hard forks have been conducted to drastically improve the network’s security, flexibility and adaptability. In fact, except one hard fork led by the developers behind Ethereum Classic, all of Ethereum’s previous hard forks have been non-contentious hard forks supported by the community.  Hence, while imminence of hard fork executions in bitcoin normally leads to a decrease in the price of bitcoin due to the uncertainty in the market and decline in the confidence of investors, in Ethereum, hard forks are embraced as opportunistic updates to the existing Ethereum protocol. The community’s response to the Ethereum foundation’s Metropolis hard fork update has been evident in the price trend of Ether.  In an analytical blog post entitled “Hard Forks, Soft Forks, Defaults and Coercion,” Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin explained that not all hard forks are contentious in nature. He further emphasized that hard forks allow cleaner and more thorough updates to a blockchain protocol than soft forks. He  wrote :  “If I had to guess why, despite these arguments, soft forks are often billed as “less coercive” than hard forks, I would say that it is because it feels like a hard fork “forces” the user into installing a software update, whereas with a soft fork users do not “have” to do anything at all. However, this intuition is misguided: what matters is not whether or not individual users have to perform the simple bureaucratic step of clicking a “download” button, but rather whether or not the user is coerced into accepting a change in protocol rules that they would rather not accept.”  The newly introduced hard fork proposal of the Ethereum foundation is expected to provide four major benefits to developers, users and businesses in the Ethereum network. Through the adjustment of gas, integration of zk-SNARKs and masking or account abstraction, post-Metropolis Ethereum network is expected to be more private, efficient and flexible.  “In Metropolis the basis for the so-called zk-snarks is build. These  “Zero Knowledge Proofs ” will allow the Ethereum Blockchain to perform anonymous transactions on a higher level in the future. A proximity to Zcash is not surprising, as Ethereum chief developer Buterin and Wilcox work together on Zcash ’s anonymity,”  noted  Josh Breslauer.  Other factors that may be driving the Ethereum price and market cap upward could include an increase in demand towards Ether from South Korean bitcoin investors amidst November SegWit2x hard fork uncertainty.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Indian Central Bank’s Research Arm will Launch a Blockchain Platform Twitter  The research arm of India’s central bank is developing a new blockchain platform for multiple banking applications in the country.  Established by the central bank, the Institute for Development and Research in Banking Technology (IDRBT) is the Indian central bank’s research arm and the foremost banking research institute in the country.  As  reported  earlier this year, the research institute has been studying blockchain technology for over two years. In a whitepaper published at the time, a team of researchers from the institute bullishly claimed “we recommend that the time is ripe for its adoption in India.” Indeed, such was the central bank institute’s enthusiasm that it has determined that blockchain technology had alre ady “matured enough” to enable the digitization of India’s fiat currency, the rupee.  Now, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) institute is developing a blockchain platform to enable a range of applications in the banking industry. According to the  Hindu Business Line , the central bank, the IDRBT and multiple FinTech players will all work together to develop the platform toward commercial applications of blockchain technology in India’s banking sector.  Speaking at an event on Friday, IDRBT director AS Ramasastri stated:  We will be launching this [blockchain] platform very soon.  The report further revealed that IDRBT had filed for three patents on technology protocols and solutions related to cybersecurity, analytics and cloud computing. The research arm has already laid  out a number of viable applications  for blockchain technology in the country.  Meanwhile, Indian government-owned State Bank of India (SBI), India’s largest bank,  took the lead  in establishing a financial blockchain consortium earlier this year. The first banking working group of its kind in the country, ‘ BankChain ’ sees the country’s largest public and private banks as participants alongside technology partners like  Microsoft . The consortium completed its first project in June, enabling its members to share KYC, AML and CTF (Know Your Customer, Anti Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism) details over a blockchain.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Breaking: China’s Central Bank Bans all ICOs Twitter  In significant developments today, China’s central bank has announced an immediate blanket ban on all initial coin offering (ICO) funding, deeming it to be an illegal practice of fundraising.  An  official notice  from the People’s Bank of China (PBoC), China’s central bank and financial regulator, sees the authority enforce a ban on ICO funding that has “seriously disrupted the economic and financial order.” In the first half of 2016, an estimated CNY 2.616 billion (approx. $400 million) was invested into ICOs according to Chinese publication  Yicai , citing an official report.  A roughly translated excerpt from the announcement read:  As of the date of this announcement, all types of token issuance financing activities shall cease immediately. The organizations and individuals who have completed the financing of tokens should make arrangements for repatriation and so on, reasonably protect the interests and properly handle the risks.  The announcement published on the central bank website was also backed by a number of other government administrators and regulators including the China Securities Regulatory Commission, China Banking Regulatory Commission, China Insurance Regulatory Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Commerce who formed an investigative committee on ICOs prior to today’s statement.  Now banned from raising funds through ICOs, individuals and organizations who have already completed ICO fundraising previously are also required to return all investor funds.  Furthermore, the committee has also prepared a list of 60 major ICO platforms for regulators and authorities to inspect, according to Chinese news outlet  Caixin .  As CCN  reported  in late August, Chinese authorities held a meeting to discuss regulations of ICOs on August 18 where the possibility of a complete ban on all ICOs was discussed. Last week, the National Internet Finance Association of China  issued  an ICO warning to members, deeming ICO platforms a threat to the stability of China’s financial sector.  Developing …  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   China ICO Ban: Impact on the Global ICO Market Twitter  People’s Bank of China, the central bank of the country, has officially declared initial coin offerings (ICOs) as an illegal method of raising money. In an official  statement , the PBoC announced that organizations and individuals are no longer permitted to conduct ICO campaigns and token sales.  Blockchain projects and startups that have recently completed their ICO campaigns were requested by PBoC to refund bitcoin and Ethereum raised during their ICOs to protect investors. CnLedger, a local bitcoin and cryptocurrency news source,  wrote:  “PBoC bans ICOs. From now on, no organizations and persons in China are allowed to raise funds via ICOs. Fund-raising platforms are not allowed to provide trading and exchange services. Raised funds should be ‘cleared up’ and refunded to protect investors.”  Several blockchain projects including Health Mutual Society have already refunded all of the funds they have raised in bitcoin and Ethereum over the past few months. The Health Mutual Society development team said in a  statement:  “To cooperate with relevant ministries in China in the investigations and the reorganization, HMS hereby decides to cancel the ICO on ICOINFO and put further operation on hold indefinitely. The fund collected will be returned to supporters’ accounts. The refund schedule will subject to ICOINFO’s announcement.”  The impact of the Chinese government’s abrupt crackdown on ICOs and strict regulation of the market has been evident on the price trend of Ethereum, bitcoin and the entire cryptocurrency market. The market cap of Ethereum declined by a staggering $6 billion within a 24-hour period, while bitcoin price dropped by $200.  What Will Happen With the Global ICO Market?  With the US Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) and the PBoC launching full investigations to any company, organization and individual raising funds through ICOs and token sales, the global ICO market and ecosystem will likely change drastically in the upcoming months.  Like EOS, the most successful ICO in history which raised over $180 million during its campaign, the vast majority of blockchain startups will relocate to Switzerland and other countries like the UK that have friendly regulations toward blockchain companies. In its ICO campaign, EOS published a document entitled “Token Purchase Agreement” which  read:  “EOS Tokens do not have any rights, uses, purpose, attributes, functionalities or features, expressed or implied. Although EOS Tokens may be tradable, they are not an investment, currency, security, commodity, a swap on a currency, security, or commodity or any kind of financial instrument.”  That specific statement from the EOS development team rid the startup of any potential conflict with the SEC along with its strict policy that did not allow US-based or accredited investors to take part in the EOS ICO campaign.  Chinese blockchain startups can follow the roadmap of EOS and relocate to more regulation-friendly countries. With strict guidelines that disallow investors from the US and China in participating in ICOs, blockchain startups can safely, without running in conflict with financial regulations and policies, conduct ICO campaigns.   In May, Bitcoin and security expert condemned central banks and government entities that were preventing bitcoin and cryptocurrency startups from making progress and growing at a rapid pace. At the time, Antonopoulos  noted:  “Governments can choose to either do nothing – which is okay; make things worse for cryptocurrency trading – like what Australia did by imposing sales taxes on all cryptocurrency transactions; or they can make things easier for companies by reining in the banks and encouraging companies by creating a level playing field.”  A similar situation may occur with China and the US. Within the next few months, blockchain startups will simply leave the two countries and complete their ICO campaigns elsewhere.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Aussie Solar Startup Power Ledger ICO Presale Nets $17 Million AUD Twitter  Power Ledger, a  blockchain-based  peer-to-peer renewable energy marketplace, has netted more than $17 million AUD through two POWR token presales. Once it opens to the public, the Power Ledger ICO is expected to raise more than $30 million.  The Power Ledger ICO is Australia ’s first initial coin offering, and the Perth-based company has attracted notable investors, including Blockchain Capital and venture capitalist Bill Tai.   The Power Ledger P2P marketplace, which has already been rolled out to some parts of Australia, allows property owners and organizations to buy and sell solar power over a blockchain-secured network. POWRs, which are ERC20 tokens and thus tradeable on the Ethereum blockchain, can be converted to SPARKZ, the marketplace’s native currency. Users can then trade SPARKZ for units of  electricity on the company’s private blockchain.   According to a media release, Power Ledger held both a discounted private presale and a public presale. Both of these distribution events had contribution caps, and they raised a total of $17 million AUD, which includes $8.8 million in direct USD investment. On September 8, Power Ledger will begin an uncapped sale, after which they expect to have raised $30 million.   We 're over the moon with our  #presale  raise!! Massive thank you to everyone who contributed  & got themselves a  #POWRtoken .  pic.twitter.com/mgHPAMeORx  — Power Ledger (@PowerLedger_io)  August 31, 2017   “Demand has significantly exceeded our expectations,” remarked co-founder and Managing Director Dave Martin. “As the first Australian ICO, we’ve been breaking new ground, and have been unable to rely on precedent to help us set targets. We initially hoped to raise a conservative AUD$5-$10 million, but the strength of the market response has been phenomenal.”  The company plans to use the funds to open its marketplace to new platforms, including India and other emerging markets.  “We want to spread the tokens far and wide, allowing as many potential future users access to them from inception and creating a diverse and powerful network,” Martin added. “We believe that literally giving power back to the people will catalyze the movement towards peer-to-peer renewable energy trading, which lies at the core of Power Ledger.”  
DECREASE	   NEO, Ethereum Prices Sink as China ’s ICO Ban Spells Trouble for Dapps Twitter  News that the Chinese central bank had decided to  ban initial coin offerings  (ICOs) reverberated throughout the cryptocurrency markets on Monday. The People ’s Bank of China (PBoC) ruling led to  widespread investor panic , leading 95 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies to experience daily price declines. The retreat hit decentralized application (Dapp) platforms particularly hard, causing the NEO, ethereum classic, and ethereum prices to post double-digit declines.  Ethereum Price Retreats to $290  The ethereum price led the retreat, falling nearly 15% after the PBoC declared ICOs illegal and ordered groups to return all token sale funds to contributors.  Ethereum Price Chart from Bitfinex  Ethereum trading volume shot up to $1.3 billion, with heavy concentrations on Bithumb, Bitfinex, and OKCoin. At present, the ethereum price is $291 on Bitfinex, although ETH/CNY has plunged below $280 on OKCoin.  NEO Price Falls 33%  NEO has been nicknamed the  “Chinese Ethereum, ” so it should come as no surprise that the ICO ban dealt it a severe blow. In early August, the NEO price soared past $50 to bring its market cap across the $2.5 billion threshold. News that the PBoC was  considering an ICO ban  led the NEO price into decline, although it held above $30 for the remainder of the month.  NEO Price Chart from Bittrex  The official PBoC announcement erased that support, sending the NEO price into freefall this morning. As of writing, the NEO price had dropped by 33% in the past 24 hours, landing at a present value of about $20.  Ethereum Classic Price Slips to $16  The ethereum classic price had put together an  impressive rally  toward the end of last week, but it could not weather today ’s stormy markets. The ethereum classic price dropped 12%, reducing it to a global average of $16. Its performance is worse on Chinese exchanges, where ETC/CNY pairs are trading at about $15.50.  Ethereum Classic Price Chart from Huobi  However, Barry Silbert –whose Ethereum Classic Trust reportedly owns 3.6% of all ETC in circulation –believes the PBoC ICO ban could end up benefiting ethereum classic. On Twitter, Silbert stated that  “there could be upwards of $2 billion of ETH held by ICO issuers that may be forced to sell into a weak market. ”   1/ essentially no ICOs have been done over/using ETC, so when the ICO bubble bursts, there will be no ETC selling pressure  — Barry Silbert (@barrysilbert)  September 4, 2017   He anticipates that this downward pressure will not have a long-term effect on ethereum classic since the ETC platform has not yet served as a central hub for ICOs. Consequently, he predicts that investors interested in smart contracts could grow disenchanted with ethereum and turn to ethereum classic as a Dapp vehicle.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Massacre Monday: Ethereum, Bitcoin Prices Lead Market Retreat after China Bans ICOs Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets plummeted on Monday following a report that the Chinese central bank had issued a  blanket ban on initial coin offerings  (ICOs). The bitcoin price fell 5%, while the ethereum price took an 11% dive. The altcoin markets fared equally as bad, with 91 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies declining for the day.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  This widespread investor panic caused the total value of all cryptocurrencies to plummet. Yesterday, the total crypto market cap was $164 billion –a $16 billion decline from the all-time high it set on September 2. But the news that the People ’s Bank of China (PBoC) had decided to ban ICOs sent the crypto market cap careening below $150 billion.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  According to the report, all token sales are forbidden within the country, and organizations which have already completed ICOs are instructed to return all investor funds. This is likely an impossible task, since organizations have doubtlessly already spent a portion of those funds.  Bitcoin Price Slips Below $4,400  The bitcoin price weathered the storm better most cryptocurrencies, but it still took a 5% hit. This intensified the sell-off that began when the bitcoin price  touched $5,000  on September 2. Since that point, the bitcoin price has plunged nearly $700. At present, the bitcoin price is $4,344, which translates into a $71.9 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  China ’s ICO Ban Sends Ethereum Price Plunging  China ’s ICO ban confirms investor fears that the nation does not intend to reconsider its  hostile posture  toward cryptocurrency and will have ripple effects throughout the entire market. However, decentralized smart contracts platforms such as Ethereum and NEO will bear the brunt of the damage. Following news of the ban, the ethereum price plunged 12% to $304. This is a nearly $90 decrease from last week, when the ethereum price climbed as high as $390. At present, ethereum has a market cap of $28.7 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Unfortunately, the ICO squeeze might not be isolated to China. South Korea –home of the world ’s highest-volume cryptocurrency exchange –is considering  strengthening  its bitcoin and digital currency regulations. Reportedly, the regulators want to  “punish ” ICOs.  Altcoin Markets Bleed  News of the ICO ban devastated the altcoin markets. No top 25 coin increased more than 1% for the day, and 91 of the top 100 coins engaged in a comprehensive retreat.  Altcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  In a twist of fate, the bitcoin cash price –which only declined 4% –returned the best single-day performance of any top 10 coin. The Ripple, NEM, and Dash prices fell 7%, while the litecoin price plunged 13% to $67. The litecoin price has declined almost $30 since  peaking above $90  last week.  Litecoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Eighth-ranked IOTA dropped 16% to $0.612, reducing its market cap to $1.7 billion. The Monero price fell 9% to $112, and 10th-ranked ethereum classic dropped 11% to about $17.  NEO Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  NEO –the  “Chinese Ethereum ” –was absolutely pummeled by the report of the ICO ban. The NEO price fell to $20. This represents a single-day decrease of 34% and a weekly decline of almost 50%.  Terracotta warriors image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   China ICO Ban: Crypto Industry Leaders Weigh In Twitter  This morning’s China ICO ban announcement has sent shockwaves throughout the digital currency ecosystem, causing investors to panic and  $25 billion to evaporate  from the total cryptocurrency market cap.  As CCN reported, the People ’s Bank of China (PBoC)  declared initial coin offerings illegal  and ordered all ICO investments to be  returned to contributors . This ban has wide ramifications and will likely result in startups banning Chinese contributors from participating in future crowdsales, as EOS did this morning. News of the ban sent the markets tumbling, with nearly 90 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies experiencing 24-hour price declines that were greater than 10%.  Crypto Industry Leaders Weigh in on China ICO Ban  Industry leaders took to social media to share their thoughts on the PBoC squeeze and its potential ramifications. Saying what was likely on the minds of many community members, ShapeShift CEO Erik Voorhees dryly opined that China  “just love to bans stuff. ”   China just loves to ban stuff. Token sales, Google, second children …  — Erik Voorhees (@ErikVoorhees)  September 4, 2017   ICO critics did not pass up the opportunity to say “I told you so.”  Ryan Selkis, better known by the handle TwoBitIdiot, predicted that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission will follow suit.   I think it 's time to go full-tilt hate on the ICO market for the rest of the year. Repeat after me:  "Why do you need to hold this token? "  https://t.co/pZqhRnG9vJ  — Ryan Selkis (@twobitidiot)  September 3, 2017    Looks like the PBOC agrees. SEC next and then it 's burn baby burn.  https://t.co/ggGhbfiq2M  — Ryan Selkis (@twobitidiot)  September 4, 2017   Chainstone Labs founder Bruce Fenton disagreed, arguing that the “SEC will be a non-event” because “this space will grow way faster than [regulations] can keep pace with. He predicted that China will capitulate and reverse the ICO ban to avoid being “left in the dust by a sea change.”   I 'll bet you 20 BTC that China will capitulate on ICOs …no major economy wants to be left in the dust by a sea change.  — Bruce Fenton (@brucefenton)  September 4, 2017   Prominent crypto trader WhalePanda also weighed in, forecasting that the China ICO ban will primarily affect China-focused projects such as NEO and Binance.   To recap: China bans ICOs, that means the actual projects that are impacted by it is a tiny percentage of  $Crypto , mainly Binance and  $NEO  — WhalePanda (@WhalePanda)  September 4, 2017   He argued that this will have “no impact on Bitcoin and …very little [on] Ethereum,” so investors should “buy back the coins that you panic dumped.”   Overall this has no impact on  #Bitcoin  and actually also very little in  #Ethereum . Now you can buy back the coins that you panic dumped.  — WhalePanda (@WhalePanda)  September 4, 2017   ICO Tokens Risk Exchange Delisting  Crypto analyst Tuur Demeester, on the other hand, found more in the statement to be concerned about. Noting that South Korean regulators are also reportedly  strengthening digital currency regulations , he suggested that the application of securities law to ICOs will lead to fear, uncertainty, and doubt (FUD) about whether South Korean exchanges will delist ICO-backed ERC20 tokens.   South Korean government to bring AML/KYC scrutiny and apply securities law to ICOs, exchanges. (Cue delisting FUD) https://t.co/rRxp18ySmC   pic.twitter.com/YxPmFI1Laf  — Tuur Demeester (@TuurDemeester)  September 4, 2017   Ethereum Classic to Benefit from PBoC Crackdown?  Venture capitalist Barry Silbert believes ethereum classic could find a silver lining in the fallout from the PBoC ICO crackdown. Silbert, whose Ethereum Classic Investment Trust reportedly holds 3.6% of all ETC in circulation, predicted that the SEC would deal initial coin offerings a fatal blow that will create substantial downward pressure on the ethereum price. He argues th at the ICO bubble burst could lead investors to sour on ethereum and begin turning to ethereum classic as a smart contracts platform.   1/ essentially no ICOs have been done over/using ETC, so when the ICO bubble bursts, there will be no ETC selling pressure  — Barry Silbert (@barrysilbert)  September 4, 2017   That has not happened yet, however, as the ethereum classic price is down 17% for the day.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Top 10 Cryptos Falter After Reaching Record Highs Twitter  After setting new highs in the last day, the crypto market, led by bitcoin, has given back some of its record gains in the last 24 hours, although valuations remain close to record highs.   Bitcoin  dropped 1.16 points in the last 24 hours to $4,499.35, falling from a record $4,964.54 the previous day. However, the market leader gained 6.27 points for the last 7-day period, according to coinmarketcap.com.  Bitcoin actually hit $5,000 on several exchanges Sept. 2, although its CoinMarketCap average topped out at $4,975 for the day. However, once it touched that mark, traders initiated a massive sell-off. Within a couple of hours, the bitcoin price plunged to about $4,600 on Bitstamp. The movement was even more drastic on Bitfinex, where it dropped as low as $4,550.  While the majority of cryptos lost value in the last 24 hours, total market capitalization of $163.9 billion today remains close to yesterday’s record $166.3 billion.  Bitcoin now holds 45.94% of the total crypto market, while runner-up  Ethereum  holds 19.92%.  Ethereum fell from a $388.66 on Sept. 2 to $343.11 today, although it was making a comeback, rising 9.84 points in the last 24 hours. The number two crypto gained 4.9 points in the last 7-day period.  Bitcoin Cash Grabs Third Place  Bitcoin Cash grabbed the number three spot from Ripple, having surged from $5.42.04 on Aug. 30 to $597.10 on Sept. 3. Bitcoin Cash’s market capitalization stood at just under $10 billion, compared to Ripple ’s $8.637 billion.  Bitcoin Cash lost 4.36 points in the last 7-day period.  Ripple, now number 4, rose 0.35 points to $0.225253 in the last 24 hours. Ripple has gained 11.21 points in the last seven days.  Litecoin , number 5, inched up 0.01 points to $76.45 with a market cap of just over $4 billion, in the last 24 hours. Litecoin’s 7-day performance has been the strongest among the top 10 cryptos, having gained 46.32 points.  Also read:  Record $5,000 bitcoin price triggers $13 billion market sell-off  Top 10 Cryptos Hold More Value  The top 10 cryptos outperformed the majority of the cryptos which lost value in the last 24-hour period. Six of the top 10 posted gains. 64 of the top 100 cryptos registered losses. NEM, number 6 with a $2.664 billion market cap, lost 1.7 points in the last 24 hours.  Dash and IOTA, numbers 7 and 8, respectively, rose 2.6% and 8.62% in the 24-hour period. Monero and Ethereum Classic, numbers 9 and 10, respectively, fell 3.83% and 134%.  Komodo, the number 22 crypto with a $283.272 market cap, led the gains in the last 24 hours, jumping 76.45 points. Number 32 ranked BitcoinDark, with a $133,518 million capitalization, gained 62.94 points.  The biggest loser in the 24-hour period was Hshare, number 14 with a $711.271 million market cap, losing 24.12 points.  
DECREASE	   South Korea Tightens Bitcoin Regulations, Will ‘Punish’ ICOs: Report Twitter  South Korean regulators are reportedly strengthening the regulation and monitoring of digital currencies including bitcoin.  South Korea’s digital currency task force  – a group comprising of the country’s central bank, financial regulators and digital currency companies – have discussed increased regulatory oversight into trading and business practices as a means to further consumer protection efforts.  According to  Business Korea , the task force held a joint meeting on Sunday where authorities planned to introduce these increased regulations for trading among the country’s domestic exchanges. The meeting, which was attended by the National Tax Service (NTS) and the Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) also saw plans drawn toward strengthening user authentication procedures at exchanges as well as ‘suspic ious transaction reporting’ systems at banks for transactions related to digital currencies.  Financial Services Commission (FSC) chairman Kim Yong-beom, who chaired the task force meeting, reportedly stated:  At this point, digital currencies cannot be considered money and currency, nor financial products.  Furthermore, bitcoin remittance foreign currency FinTech firms will also have to put up with increased monitoring from authorities. This, despite the South Korean government  lessening the burden  for bitcoin-based FinTech firms to operate in the country by  issuing permits  to act as foreign currency transfer services.  South Korean authorities will also reportedly recommend digital currency exchanges to include consumer protection measures when providing services.  ICO Ban?  Notably, the report also suggests that authorities will “punish” initial coin offering (ICO) fundraising platforms for violating the capital market act by raising funds through stock issuance using digital currencies.  An FSC official added:  We will clearly state the foundations of the Act on the Regulation of Conducting Fund-Raising Business Without Permission for illegal fund-raising impersonating digital currency investment and strengthen levels of punishment.  The need to examine lax cybersecurity practices that has already led to a  significant customer data breach and theft of funds  in a major South Korean bitcoin exchange was also discussed, with ‘severe disciplinary action’ for any violations by exchanges.  A KFTC official further added that the task force will look into other concerns like the “character of digital currency traders, taxation and permits’ by studying regulatory practices in other countries before forming new policies.  As  reported  in July, a set of bills leading to a regulatory framework for digital currencies could soon see the likes of Bitcoin and Ethereum legalized and regulated in South Korea.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Russia May Ban Bitcoin Mining in Residential Spaces Twitter  Russia could prohibit bitcoin mining in large residential spaces like apartments and high-rise flats if one prominent government-backed organization had its way.  According to a report by  Russia Today , Russian authorities will discuss the possibility of banning bitcoin mining farms in residential complexes during an upcoming meeting of the Presidential Council on the Internet.  Spearheading the effort is Ilya Massukh, president of the Information Democracy Foundation, a government-affiliated non-profit that manages, among other things, the federal government’s online platform for citizen petitions.  Massukh, who is also reportedly a member of the internet council under the President, will propose the ban by arguing that electricity resources at residential flats are inadequate for mining cryptocurrency. He also claimed mining activity is a fire hazard due to the heat generated by the mining hardware.  In an interview with the publication, Massukh stated:  Electric networks at blocks of flats are unlikely to stand such consumption; ventilation systems are not able to handle the generated heat, either. This could trigger a fire.  Talk of such a ban comes at a time when Russia’s finance ministry is also looking to keep bitcoin away from public adoption by planning regulations that could allow “ only qualified investors to buy and sell ” bitcoin via  exchanges.  Massukh was also skeptical of bitcoin mining in a country that continues to  flip – flop  over the legality of mining and adopting cryptocurrencies. It was only last year when Russia’s Ministry of Finance, the country’s financial regulator, drafted a bill to enforce criminal penalties on bitcoin adopters and miners with  prison imprisonment up to 7 years .  “[B]itcoin itself is not allowed inside the country,” Massukh added. “Accordingly, the mined bitcoins go to some external exchanges. All that remains in the country is the waste of electricity [to show for mining], which is questionable in providing any efficiency for the Russian economy.  The report, citing a ‘mining consultant’, suggests that installing a mining farm in a residential apartment will increase electricity consumption by 6x-8x.  While Russian authorities deliberate over a law to ban bitcoin mining farms among everyday Russian citizens, Russian President Vladimir Putin’s internet ombudsman is attempting  to raise as much as $100 million  in an initial coin offering (ICO) to fund a large-scale bitcoin mining project in Russia. Electricity costs are cheaper in the country, compared to China which hosts a majority of the world ’s bitcoin mining might.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Slowdown Seen in Crypto Markets Twitter  After having another incredible bull run last week, including fresh all-time highs for various altcoins, the cryptocurrency market experienced a trend reversal over the weekend. Overall, the total market cap for cryptocurrencies decreased by some $13 billion since Friday.  Bitcoin crosses $5,000 before correcting  The historic milestone of $5,000 per coin came sooner for Bitcoin than many analysts thought. The world’s leading cryptocurrency breached the mark on Saturday, setting another impressive all-time high. However, the milestone seemed to be the turning point for Bitcoin, as the cryptocurrency experienced a correction soon after, nearing $4,400 yesterday and trading just above $4,5 00 this morning.  Litecoin suffers massive drop after all-time high  Last Friday, Litecoin showed an impressive price surge, skyrocketing some 25% and reaching nearly $95. However, the following day the cryptocurrency, currently ranked 5th by market cap, showed a significant correction. This morning, Litecoin was trading around $76, which is still significantly higher than the previous all-time high, recorded last Thursday.  Report: China considering ICO ban  While Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) have become increasingly popular in recent months, with some $1.8 billion raised for new altcoins, they could now be under threat from one of the world’s largest economies. An unofficial report out of China says that the People’s Bank of China is considering outlawing the popular fundraising practice, since it could be used for fraud and othe r illicit financial activities. Some analysts believe that, if made official, this decision could set a precedent that would significantly damage the crypto market.  
DECREASE	   Ethereum Price Drops 10%, Potential Factors Include China ICO Ban Twitter  For the first time since August 20, Ethereum price dipped below the $300 mark, to $295 as the market cap of Ethereum plunged by $6 billion in a single day. Earlier today, on September 4, price of Ether dropped by 10 percent after showing some signs of recovery.    Last week, the People’s Bank of China (PBoC), the central bank of the country, abruptly announced its intention to regulate the initial coin offering (ICO) market and investigate into ongoing ICO campaigns. Some sources reported that the PBoC was looking to suspend all existing and upcoming ICOs in order for the institution to closely evaluate the legality of ICOs based on the country’s financial regulations and policies.  This morning, major publications including CNBC, Bloomberg and Reuters revealed that the PBoC has officially decided to declare ICOs illegal and launch full investigations into 60 large-scale ICO platforms in the local market. Sourcing Caixin, the Beijing-based media group focusing on the Chinese finance sector, reports noted that the Chinese government described ICOs as an illegal fundraising tool and requested banks to reject any business operations with ICO-related or backed companies.  In cooperation with China Securities Regulatory Commission, China Banking Regulatory Commission and China Insurance Regulatory Commission, PBoC released a statement as a warning against emerging ICO campaigns and financial institutions participating in “illicit financial activities related to ICOs.”  But, a few analysts including Shanghai-based fintech consultancy Kapronasia Director Zennon Kapron remain optimistic about the long-term growth of the Chinese ICO market. In an interview with Reuters, Kapron noted that he believes the Chinese government’s recent efforts to crackdown on ICOs is the first step it is taking to regulating the market. He further emphasized that governments are struggling to understand the basic fundamentals and concept of ICOs and that the suspension on ICOs is likely temporary.  “Regulators globally are struggling to understand what ICOs are, what the risks are, and how to ring-fence and regulate them. China, in many ways, is no different than the U.S. or Singapore in saying, ok, we need to push back on these for now until we figure out how to deal with them … I think it will be slightly a temporary measure,” Kapron  said.  ICO remains as Ethereum’s largest use case and market. It has driven more than $1.6 billion in investment within less than two years, since early 2016. Hence, any negative ruling on ICOs by major government entities and economies like China will likely result in the decline in value of Ethereum. However, it is equally important for investors and traders to acknowledge the entire cryptocurrency market’s correction in the past two days.   Almost every single cryptocurrency listed on global bitcoin exchanges and trading platforms such as bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, NEM and Ethereum Classic experienced large losses in value.  In the mid-term, the upward momentum of Ethereum should be sustained due to the Ethereum Foundation’s collaborative efforts in leading the Metropolis hard fork, which is expected to drastically enhance scalability and privacy for both Ethereum users and developers. More to that, various innovative solutions such as Plasma, co-authored by Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin and Lightning Network developer Joseph Poon, are to be integrated into the Ethereum network in the upcoming months.  Evidently, the announcement of the US Securities Exchange Commission and the People’s Bank of China have had tremendous impact on the global ICO market. But, like Australian startups previously moved to Hong Kong and Singapore to avoid impractical and opaque regulations, blockchain projects and ICO-running startups will likely move to other regions such as Switzerland and the UK that offer friendly regulatory ecosystem.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Samsung SDS Delivers Korea-China Blockchain Shipment Twitter  A Korean blockchain consortium focused on the shipping logistics industry has successfully completed its first trial run.  Established by Samsung SDS, the IT and technology provider for electronics behemoth Samsung, a consortium comprising of government agencies, port operators and shipping giants and logistics companies took shape in May. AS reported by CCN at the time, the consortium began working on a blockchain platform that will track imports, exports and location of cargo shipments in real-ti me. The consortium’s lofty goal saw the intent to launch a pilot project for “all exports and imports by the end of this year.”  In wasting little time, the consortium has now completed a shipment delivery from Korea to China using the innovative technology, a report  Korea Joongang Daily  reveals.  Tracking Containers  Details from the report reveal that the entire process – booking the shipment in Korea to delivering the cargo in China – was facilitated by a blockchain. While details are scarce, the early trial saw freighter Hyundai Merchant Marine install sensors on reefer containers (shipping containers with product sensitive to temperature variations), enabling multiple parties in the sup ply chain to monitor the container in real time.  A Hyundai merchant marine ship.  Certificate of origin  & customs clearance documents were also encrypted and recorded on the decentralized ledger, which led to an overall reduction in paperwork and increased efficiency between shipping companies, port operators and cargo owners.  Kim Hung-tae, executive vice president at Samsung SDS stated:  Top-notch technologies like blockchain and Internet of Things [for container sensors] will be a game changer for the traditional logistics business.  As  reported  by CCN earlier in April, Samsung SDS launched its enterprise-ready blockchain platform Nexledger. Korea, which is home to some of the  world’s largest shipping ports , could see its shipping industry among the earliest adopters of blockchain technology – an innovation that could be the core component of a game-changing tech for the industry. The consortium’s members include the likes of the Korea Customs Service, Korea’s Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries and IBM Korea, among others.  The consortium further added that it hopes to expand its blockchain endeavor to finance and insurance providers linked with shipping and logistics while expanding trials on longer maritime trade routes to Southeast Asia, the Middle East and Europe.  Earlier this year, Maersk – the world’s largest ocean container shipper –  partnered IBM  to implement blockchain technology for its supply chain process. IBM is also  helping the government of Dubai  to launch a blockchain initiative for trade finance. In Singapore, one of the world’s busiest shipping ports, IBM is helping two maritime giants to  trial  blockchain for supply chain networks in the region.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   $257 Million: Filecoin ICO Shatters Crowdsale Record  Twitter  The much-hyped initial coin offering for decentralized storage project Filecoin concluded on Thursday. Despite being open only to accredited investors, the Filecoin ICO raised $257 million, shattering the previous record for a token crowdsale.  Simply put, Filecoin plans to leverage unused data center and hard drive storage space to build a decentralized storage network. In exchange for contributing extra storage space to the network, users will receive Filecoin tokens which can then be exchanged for other currencies. Conversely, those in need of storage can purchase tokens and exchange them for storage space. Purport edly, this will drastically lower the cost of cloud storage.  The Filecoin ICO began on August 10, having already raised $52 million from venture capital firms in a private presale. In an effort to ensure compliance with U.S. securities regulations, the ICO was restricted to accredited investors. This barred many ordinary investors from contributing, but the crowdsale website still received so much traffic that many investors had trouble  accessing it.   Filecoin’s funding model encouraged early participation. The token price started at $1 and increased with every subsequent investment. Within hours, the crowdsale had  raised nearly $190 million  and the token price had  reached $4.68 .  Following the chaotic first day, contributions slowed but continued to tick upward. Ultimately, the token crowdsale raised more than $205 million by its conclusion on September 7. When coupled with the $52 million raised during the private presale, the Filecoin ICO raised a record-setting $257 million.  Filecoin thanked investors for their outpouring of support.   Deeply honored  & humbled by huge support around the 🌍 — investors from 50+ countries. Incredibly excited to bring Filecoin to life.  — Filecoin (@MineFilecoin)  September 7, 2017   ICO funding levels have ratcheted up throughout 2017, and year-to-date ICO contributions are rapidly approaching $2 billion. Consequently, cyber criminals have found the space to be an ideal venue to launch attacks. A recent report estimates that as many as  10% of all ICO-marked funds  are stolen, primarily via exploits or phishing attacks.  The previous record was held by the  Tezos ICO , which garnered $232 million in contributions during its July “fundraiser”. Tezos has taken steps to secure its windfall and has diversified part of its assets into fiat currencies, precious metals, stocks, bonds, and a venture capital fund.  
DECREASE	   Indian State Plans to Store Citizen Data on a Blockchain Twitter  The state of Andhra Pradesh in southern India has announced a new collaboration with cybersecurity firm WISeKey to securely store citizen data on a blockchain.  Andhra Pradesh, the seventh largest state in India, has  announced  plans to launch blockchain pilot projects “in various departments” of the state government. Chief among the proof-of-concept pilots is its aim to secure citizen data on a blockchain platform.  With a population of 84 million, the state government points to need to secure the ‘sheer volume of citizen’s information stored in various databases.” To do so, the government is partnering Swiss cybersecurity firm WISeKey wherein the latter will lend its blockchain technology and expertise in the field to secure government-recorded citizen data.  WISeKey founder and CEO Carlos Moreira stated:  To have a pristine vision like putting the Citizen at the center of gravity, and building all the infrastructure around this vision is the key to successfully empower citize4ns to unleash their full potential.  As  reported  earlier, Andhra Pradesh has been a proactive early mover in researching blockchain technology, with initiatives including securing a government database with tens of millions of ration cards. “As the internet is prone to cybercrime and hacking, the government has decided to use blockchain technology to avoid security breaches,” an official stated in late 2016.  The state is also looking to  store land registry records  on a blockchain, with a pilot program in urban areas to rollout before mid-2018.  Following the new partnership, IT advisor to the state’s chief minister JA Chowdary said:  We are looking towards WISeKey to play a leadership role in providing cybersecurity for various initiatives of the government, but also drawing out the vision for smart cities who want to go beyond IoT, automation and use “Deep Tech” algorithmic technology.  The partnership will see WISeKey establish a development center in  Vizag , touted as  India’s ‘FinTech Valley’ .  Balasubramanyam, the state’s transport commissioner notably added:  Andhra Pradesh will be one of the first states in the world which will be implementing blockchain technology in the transportation department.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ViaBTC CEO: China Will Ban Bitcoin Exchanges Twitter  ViaBTC CEO Haipo Yang tweeted that  “China will shut down all exchanges, ” lending credence to the rumors that the country will make it illegal to operate a bitcoin exchange.  Earlier today, regional Chinese media outlet  Caixin  posted an article claiming that the country ’s regulators are planning to ban bitcoin exchanges. These rumors are thus far unconfirmed, but Haipo Yang –CEO of bitcoin exchange and mining pool ViaBTC –tweeted that  “China will shut down all exchanges, ” along with a picture of what appears to be a news article. Yang has not commented further on the matter, nor has the official ViaBTC Twitter account revealed whether they have been shut down by the government.   China will shutdown all exchanges.  pic.twitter.com/lmEiF0S5Eo  — Haipo Yang (@yhaiyang)  September 8, 2017   If the China bitcoin ban rumors are true, this would be the People ’s Bank of China ’s (PBoC) second move against the cryptocurrency industry in less than a week. On Monday, the bank declared initial coin offerings (ICOs) to be illegal, causing the crypto markets to temporarily crash.  Others, however, remain skeptical of the China bitcoin ban rumors. Blockstream CSO Samson Mow noted that the unconfirmed reports did not cite any official sources within the government. He suggested that if the PBoC intended to ban bitcoin, they would make an official announcement.   Would you believe news on CNN saying  #Bitcoin  is banned in the US without any statement or source from the SEC or CFTC? or NYDFS?  — Samson Mow (@Excellion)  September 8, 2017   According to Bloomberg China reporter Lulu Yilun Chen, bitcoin exchanges OKCoin and Huobi said they  have not received  shut down notices from the government and are still operating as normal. Regional cryptocurrency news source cnLedger contacted the exchanges and  confirmed  that they are functioning normally.   OKCoin also clarified this on their Weibo (Chinese Twitter): https://t.co/jiAJCFenlG  — cnLedger (@cnLedger)  September 8, 2017   Nevertheless, the PBoC has  threatened bitcoin exchanges  in the past, and today ’s rumors caused the markets to flash crash.  Bitcoin Price Chart from OKCoin  Within a 10 minute period, the bitcoin price plunged by $400. BTC/CNY plunged below $3,800 on several exchanges, and the global average  bitcoin price fell to $4,224 . At present, bitcoin is trading at a global average of $4,363, according to data from CoinMarketCap, while CNY/BTC is still priced below $4,000 on OKCoin and BTCC.  
DECREASE	   IOTA Price Dives 15% Following Revelation of Past Cryptographic Vulnerabilities Twitter  The IOTA price fell 15% following the revelation that the MIT Media Lab ’s Digital Currency Initiative (DCI) had discovered  “cryptographic vulnerabilities ” in IOTA ’s hashing function. Although the IOTA developers dispute some aspects of the report and have already issued a patch to address the findings, the DCI post garnered a lot of attention on social media.  DCI Director Neha Narula explained the findings in a  Medium post . She says the DCI reviewed the IOTA source code in July and were concerned when they found that IOTA developers had invented their own hash function, which security researchers  caution against . Peter Todd  used harsher language , calling it  “completely insane. ”  According to Narula, a bad actor could have exploited the vulnerability to destroy or steal user funds.   We found that IOTA’s custom hash function Curl is vulnerable to a well-known technique for breaking hash functions called  differential cryptanalysis , which we then used to generate practical collisions. We used our technique to produce two payments in IOTA (they call them “bundles”) which are different, but hash to the same value, and thus have the same signature. Using our techniques, a bad actor could have destroyed users’ funds, or possibly, stolen user funds.   For those who would like a more-detailed technical explanation of the vulnerability, the DCI posted one  here .  The DCI brought their findings to IOTA long before revealing them to the public, and developers issued a  patch  to address the issue last month. The DCI report quickly spread through social media, so IOTA Founder David Sønstebø wrote a  response  disputing some aspects of the findings:  The attacks presented in Narula et al.’s paper, while being valid academic criticisms of the latest public version of the Curl hash function, do not represent valid attacks on the IOTA cryptocurrency.  In his post, he presents a more-detailed explanation of why he does not consider the attacks to be valid.  In the hours following the DCI post, the IOTA price took a steep downward turn. Over the past 24 hours, it has fallen from $0.740 to $0.632 –a decline of 15%.  IOT/USD Price Chart from Bitfinex  It is unclear how much of the decline should be attributed to the questions the DCI raised about IOTA ’s code review process because it is likely that some investors only looked at the headline and thought that IOTA had  active  cryptographic vulnerabilities.  In any case, today ’s movement reversed much of the recovery IOTA had experienced following the sell-off earlier in the week. IOTA now has a market cap of about $1.75 billion, ranking it 9th on the charts.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Flash Crash: Bitcoin Price Plummets $400 in Minutes as China Rumors Swirl Twitter  The bitcoin price crashed $400 following rumors that China was planning to make it illegal to operate a bitcoin exchange within the country.  According to a  regional financial website , China will declare operating a bitcoin exchange to constitute  “illegal economic activities ”. Earlier this year, the country ’s central bank begun  monitoring bitcoin exchanges  more closely, leading many to fear that regulators would soon shut them down. Ultimately, this did not occur, although the People ’s Bank of China (PBoC) stated it would continue to conduct  on-site inspections .  However, the PBoC has begun to crack down on activities within the cryptocurrency space. Just this Monday, the bank  ruled  that initial coin offerings (ICOs) were illegal and ordered startups to return all crowdsale funds to their investors.  The markets had just begun to recover from the sell-off that the ICO ruling initiated, but today ’s rumors caused the bitcoin price to experience a flash crash. At 13:20 UTC, the bitcoin price was trading at an average of $4,619. Within 10 minutes, bitcoin dropped to $4,224. At present, the CoinMarketCap average bitcoin price is $4,265.  BTC Price Chart from Bitfinex  On some exchanges, such as Bitfinex, the bitcoin price has climbed back above $4,300. However, BTC/CNY is getting pummeled on Chinese exchanges, forcing the average price down. OKCoin, which accounts for more than $90 million in daily bitcoin volume, prices bitcoin at $3,815 –more than $500 below BTC/USD on Bitfinex. The coin is faring even worse on Huobi, where BTC/CNY is trading at $3,794.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  At the time of writing, the Chinese government had yet to confirm the ban. However, Chinese traders are clearly spooked, which is why they are selling coins so far below the global average. China comprises a significant portion of the cryptocurrency ecosystem, so an official ban would undoubtedly lead to a price contraction. Investors should expect volatility to continue as this story develops.  
DECREASE	   Finland Turns to Blockchain to Help Unbanked Refugees Twitter  Finland is using blockchain technology to help unbanked asylum seekers enter the digital economy.  As  reported  by the MIT Technology Review, the Finnish Immigration Service has begun providing unbanked refugees with prepaid Mastercards rather than cash. These prepaid cards, which were developed by Helsinki startup MONI, also provide refugees with a unique digital identity stored on a blockchain.  MONI CEO Antti Pennanen told the MIT Technology Review that he hopes to see this service adopted by refugee camps throughout the world:  Our purpose has always been financial inclusion, and especially to help people in developing countries.  This technology benefits both refugees and the Immigration Service. For asylum seekers, it provides them with a verifiable identity that makes it easier to find employment. They can also use it to receive direct deposits and pay bills until they are able to open an ordinary bank account.  MONI provides the Immigration Service with improved monitoring abilities. Since all transactions are recorded in the blockchain, the agency can easily monitor where refugees are spending their money. This is an important tool for the government since, like most European countries, Finland has experienced a surge in refugees over the past few years.  Leveraging the Blockchain for Social Good  Finland ’s adoption of blockchain technology to help refugees is just the latest example of how bitcoin and other digital currencies can provide the unbanked with the tools they need to gain access to the benefits of the digital economy.  Alongside MONI, there are a number of projects attempting to leverage distributed ledger technology to promote social good. FinTech startup  Humaniq , for instance, hopes to provide mobile banking services to “economy-excluded” sectors.  Civic  and  BitNation  are two more projects that seek to give people access to secure digital identities that transcend borders and cannot be lost or stolen. The IOTA Foundation recently entered into a  partnership with Refunite , a non-profit organization that helps refugees reunite with their families. IOTA intends to help the organization provide displaced asylum seekers with verifiable identities.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   The Sleeping Giant in the Crypto Space Twitter  There are lots of coins in the crypto-currency marketplace  – so when creating a new coin you really need to do something special. Cloakcoin is a crypto-currency, somewhat similar to Bitcoin, but it stands out from the competition because it offers an anonymous transaction system called Enigma  – this means truly anonymous transactions. There are a few other privacy coins out there but Cloak aims to be completely unique by being Decentralised without Master Nodes, Proof of Stake rewards, Faster Blocktime with a low circulating supply.  Cloakcoin has quietly been hidden in development for 3 years, with developers working tirelessly to get it to the  ‘fully working product ’ stage. Due to it having little media attention in the past, when the developers finally release the Open Source coding for this new phenomenal digital currency there is bound to be a LOT of interest.  With Cloakcoin currently having a market cap of approximately US$25million, and Bitcoin hovering around the US$70,000,000,000 mark, there is potentially a great investment opportunity here. The very small amount of coins (approx 5 million) that Cloakcoin has available also makes it a sought after commodity  – compare this to Bitcoin ’s current 17 million.  Cloak ’s algorithm is Proof of Stake (PoS), which works a bit like interest that you get paid for having money in a bank account. This basically means the coin is able to grow at a rate of up to 6% per annum, as a reward for those holding this coin/investment. Most banks around the world are offering near zero, or even negative interest rates at present, so staking makes sense. Bitco in, Monero  & Dash all run on Proof of Work (PoW) which require expensive mining hardware that can cost thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars. Cloak ’s utilisation of PoS to earn rewards makes it cheap and even possible to run on a Raspi mini-computer, or any other computer that is available in the houshold (e.g. Laptop)!  With Cloak, there are NO master nodes. Master nodes have caused some controversy with privacy coins. Dash, for example, requires users to hold at least 1000 Dash coins if they wish to be apart of anonymous transactions. This leads to a certain degree of centralization, which makes it more susceptible to nefarious actions that could unmask anonymity. To operate Cloak Enigma (ano nymous) nodes, one needs a minimum of 1 Cloak- a very small figure making it much more decentralized and ultimately much more anonymous.  Today, we ’re priviliged to announce that Cloakcoin Open Source will be released this month! Provided all goes to plan and stays on schedule. The world will finally be able to view exactly how the  ‘Enigma ’ anonymous transaction system works. Upon release, it will also be an opportunity for new developers and smart minds to add their own code to the project.  Imagine executing a completely anonymous International transaction, reaching the sender in under a minute? (Cloak Blocktime: 60s) This is now the reality with Cloakcoin, and it is quicker than the more well known crypto-currencies, Dash  & Monero. No more large fees or long wait times with the big banks.  Currently, Cloak Coins are ridiculously cheap compared to other already Open Sourced crypto currencies, but how long will this last? Media interest is just starting to build. The Cloak Countdown has begun!! Further discussion  & updates can be found at:  http://chat.cloakcoin.com  This is a sponsored story.  
DECREASE	   Ethereum, Bitcoin Prices Tick Up as Market Targets $170 Billion Twitter  The markets were more calm than usual on Friday, with no top 10 coin shifting more than 9%. Both the bitcoin price and ethereum price posted minor advances toward new thresholds, while privacy-centric coins made the most significant gains.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  The slight but general upswing in prices allowed the total cryptocurrency market cap to add a few billion dollars. Yesterday, the total value of all cryptocurrencies was $161.8 billion. That rose as high as $165.3 billion Friday morning, although it has tapered to about $164 billion at present.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Targets $4,700  The bitcoin price has recovered nicely from the early week sell-off triggered by the China ICO ban. Once again, the bitcoin price rose less than 1% for the day, but this did lift bitcoin over the $4,600 threshold and ever closer to its all-time high. Now, the bitcoin price now has $4,700 within its sights. Bitcoin rose as high as $4,661 this morning, but at present,` it rests at $4,618. This gives bitcoin a market cap of $76.4 billion.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Within the crypto industry, observers continue to remain bullish on the long-term prospects of the bitcoin price. Breadwallet co-founder and CMO Aaron Lasher said that he believes the bitcoin price will cross  $250,000 in 10 years , although it will have to overcome multiple bear cycles to get there.  Ethereum Price Hovers at $330  The ethereum price continued to eye $330 on Friday, but it has thus far been unable to hold above that mark. After beginning the day at $326, the ethereum price briefly rose to $332 before pulling back to a present value of $327. This represents a daily gain of one-third of one percent and translates into a market cap of $30.9 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  One thing investors should continue to keep an eye on is the uncertain regulatory environment for initial coin offerings (ICOs). Following the China ICO ban, South Korea suggested that they might  “punish ” ICOs , and the Bank of Russia just issued a  public warning  about the nascent funding mechanism. These warnings coincide with a report from blockchain-tracing firm Chainalysis that  found  that 10% of all ICO-marked funds end up in the hands of cyber criminals.  Bitcoin Cash Price Nears $700  The bitcoin cash price declined 3% on Friday, but this is a minor pullback considering it rose nearly 20% the day before. On Thursday, the bitcoin cash price spiked to $694 and appeared poised to cross back over $700 for the first time since August 22. However, the bitcoin cash price could not sustain support for that level, and it quickly fell into decline. At present, the bitcoin cash price is $660, resulting in a $10.9 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Cash Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Privacy-Centric Altcoins Lead the Markets  Privacy-centric Dash and Monero posted the best performance inside the top 10 during an otherwise calm day for the markets. The Dash price rose 7% to $365, enabling it to climb past NEM and attain the 6th spot in the rankings. The Monero price, meanwhile, swelled by 8% to $128, bringing its market cap close to $2 billion.  Altcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Ripple and litecoin each rose about 1%, while NEM and NEO declined by that same percentage. Ethereum classic slipped by 2%, but it still remains at about $18. The biggest decline within the top 10 came from IOTA, which fell 9%.           
DECREASE	   Crystal Clear Services Aims to Disrupt the Global Services Industry through Blockchain; Launches ICO Twitter  This is a  paid-for submitted sponsored story . CCN does not endorse, nor is responsible for any material included below and isn’t responsible for any damages or losses connected with any products or services mentioned in the press release. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content.  It was only a matter of time before a new method of selecting and working with local service providers was created.   Crystal Clear Services (CCT)  has brought the way consumers select local service providers into the digital age of blockchain technology. The ICO is set to launch today, and will herald in a new age in the relationships between vendors and their customers.   Transparency and dispensing with middlemen will prove to be a major disruption in the archaic methodology in use today. Cutting out intermediaries will drive down costs to consumers and create an equal playing field. Until now, both service providers and consumers were at each others mercy, all that is changed with the introduction of the Crystal Clear Services platform.  Service providers could end up not being paid or having to wait a long time to receive payment. Sometimes credit card payments are rejected resulting in costly litigation and wasted time. There is nothing stopping a competitor from publishing untrue feedback. Consumers had to take a lot of time to get the best prices because they had to query potential service providers. Vendor ratings could be manipulated as well as market pricing. There is no non-editable forum to check-out potential vendors, that is …until now. Imagine if consumers can setup their own private auction for the services they need.  So what then does the  Crystal Clear Services  platform have to offer?   Here is a small sampling of it’s features:  Decentralized Service System:  This allows for the marketplace to be self-regulated and truly transparent to all involved. Total Transparency of Transactions and Prices:  Each completed service is recorded in a non-editable Blockchain viewable by everyone. Authentic Reputations, Reviews and Recommendations:  Due to the non-editable nature of the Blockchain, the true state of affairs for each service provider/customer is shown. View Experience of Service Providers:  Each participant can plainly see how each other has performed thus increasing trust in the system. Popularization of  Blockchain  Technologies and Cryptocurrencies:  The use of this platform will enable everyone to become a player in the cryptocurrency arena. Escrow System and Dispute Resolution:  This eliminates the payment risks from both sides. Five objective panel members will help settle any complex disputes. Lowest Fee of All Systems:  A minimum Fee of 1% will encourage more service providers and consumers on a global basis. Instant Payment:  This platform allows for instant payment of services. Customers can pay using both fiat currencies (dollars, euros, rubles, etc.) and in the  cryptocurrencies , such as CCT, Bitcoin, ETH and Litecoin. Offline cash payments can be recorded into the system once payment confirmation by both parties is received. An ATM Card can be tied into the system and can mean instant payment for services rendered. Integrated System of Auction Services:  Any user can open an auction for the service he/she is in need of, and then choose a vendor based on price and/or reviews. Global Blacklist System:  Warns users of the platform about unscrupulous consumers and service providers. Available for all to see.  The  “Crystal Clear Services ” ICO Event has drawn much interest from both Investors and Institutional Investment Groups. It marks their entering the multi-trillion Blockchain market worldwide. The CCT tokens can be used for payment on the platform and maybe even perform as the next Bitcoin. The ICO period will last for only one month, from September 08, 2017 to October 08, 2017. Early buyers will receive substantial bonuses. Don’t sit on the sidelines, get involved.  For complete information, please visit:  http://crystal-clear.io/  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Russia to Promote Environmental Projects with  “Green Cryptocurrency ” Twitter  The All-Russia People ’s Front (ONF), led by President Vladimir Putin, has submitted a proposal to the Russian government to create a  “green cryptocurrency ” to promote green energy and the development of environmental projects.  The coordinator of the ONF project called  “General cleaning ”, Dmitry Mironov, stated that it is time to create a federal law on cryptocurrencies in Russia. The initiative was first voiced during the Interregional Environmental Conference of the ONF in the Siberian and Far Eastern Federal Districts of Russia.  “In the near future, we intend to send a letter to the Russian government proposing the creation of an eco-loan, which will be provided with environmentally friendly technologies. We hope that this initiative will  ‘spur ’ the development of  ‘green ’ energy in Russia, ” Mr. Mironov said (rough translation from Russian).  “We want the units of the crypto currency to be received by investors and enterprises that promote the development of environmental technologies. In our proposals, we will reflect our vision of the development of the green crypto currency in the country and we hope that the initiatives of the Popular Front will be included in the final version of the bill being drafted by the government, ” Mr. Mironov continued.  On September 5, Igor Shuvalov, First Deputy Prime Minister of  Russia , announced on the Eastern Economic Forum that the government will soon start discussing the regulation of cryptocurrencies. The initiative for green cryptocurrencies was first raised by the ONF at the All-Russia Youth Educational Forum in Crimea.  The fourth event of the Interregional Environmental Conference was held in Ulan-Ude, Russia. According to  onf.ru , the event was attended by federal and regional environmental experts from the ONF, representative of the relevant ministries and departments, regional authorities, journalists, civil activists, and environmentalists. The earlier conferences were held in Rostov-on-Don, Kaliningrad, and Kirov. According to the ONF, the results of the events will be presented at  “a large environmental forum ” in late 2017.  The Russian government ’s stance on cryptocurrencies has been quite positive lately. In late August, Mr. Shuvalov spoke of his  support  for cryptocurrencies in an interview. According to him, the creation of the state-backed cryptocurrency,  “crypto-ruble ”, would benefit the Russian economy.  “I am a supporter, a crypto-ruble must exist…This theme will develop. But it should develop in such a way that the national economy cannot be put under attack, but rather make it stronger, ” Mr. Shuvalov said in a statement.  Currently, Russia ’s Central Bank is working on its pilot  national  cryptocurrency. Olga Skorobogatova, deputy chairwoman at Russia’s central bank, stated that it ’s only a matter of time before the countries start adopting national digital currencies.  
DECREASE	   Commodity Ad Network is Aiming to Keep Freethinkers Going Twitter  Alternative content creators are waging a battle against mainstream advertising agencies and their supporting search engines and social media platforms.  The very platforms that serve information and content are actively stifling independent content creators, bloggers and websites that don’t subscribe to or advocate their mainstream ideologies.  Singing the wrong tune will doom these websites and their content creators to the back-pages of internet searches – effectively killing the lifeblood of these free-thinking minds.  In order to support these alternative creatives, the The Commodity Ad Network are hoping to build an online advertising framework to partner content creators with the right advertisers.  The  Commodity Ad Network  will be backed by its very own Cryptocurrency, CDX, with the belief that they can offer advertisers more for less; as well as pay content creators what they really should be earning.  Bringing Like-Minds Together  The  Commodity Ad Network will aim to assist Independent content creators , bloggers and websites by bridging the gap between them and advertisers. Niche content providers suffer at the hands of current advertising agencies  – as they apparently need relevant advertising that promises realistic revenues.  The proposed model aims to source niche advertisers who will benefit from affordable pricing for ad space, and link them up with content providers that will be paid far more than current advertisers are offering.  The hope is to preserve alternative websites, their content and information.  Payments received from advertisers and revenue paid out to content creators will be made through the CDX token. The transparency provided by Ethereum’s smart contract in their blockchain will benefit both parties due to its safety and speed – the Blockchain then can make all financials completely open to public scrutiny.  As an added incentive, content creators are being promised at least 50 percent profit share of the revenue made by the Commodity Ad Network, as outlined in their business model.  The Building  ‘Blocks ’  With CDX as its backbone, the path ahead can been laid. The network is said to be run by an in-house advertising system that will deliver ad banners that are relevant to the specific content creator’s website.  Once that infrastructure is in place, the Commodity Ad Network hopes to set up video and social media platforms that content creators will be able to use to promote and share their ideas. Adverts will also be available on these platforms thanks to the adserv system.  The network will also apparently be able to benefit from its very own search engine. The hope for this is that both advertisers and content producers will no longer be doomed to obscurity by mainstream SEOs. Privacy and free-speech are top of mind for the Commodity Ad Network in this regard.  By using it’s very own Cryptocurrency, the Commodity Ad Network’s ad-serving business model hopes to give its users a thriving, self-serving environment. The use of CDX as the currency between advertisers and content producers should hopefully provide affordable advertising and safe transactions.  All of this will be done through a web portal – removing some of the complexity associated with cryptocurrencies. Transactions are said to be as easy as sending a message.  
DECREASE	   Energy Startup Grid+ ICO Presale Raises $40 Million Twitter  ConsenSys raised approximately $40 million during the initial coin offering (ICO) presale for Grid+, its commercial electricity retail business and eventual energy-sharing marketplace. The Grid+ ICO will launch to the general public next month.  Grid+ has a two-fold strategy to disrupt the energy markets. Initially, the company will launch commercial utility retailers in deregulated markets; the first will operate in Texas and is slated to open in 2018. The company will leverage the efficiencies of the Ethereum blockchain to automate billing and payments, ultimately reducing overhead and allowing them to sell electrici ty for less than legacy utility providers.  Customers will pay for their electricity in real time using a BOLT, a USD-backed token. Since payments will be made at the time of consumption, customers will not be able to run up bad debts whose costs providers must pass along to other customers.  Eventually, Grid+ plans to expand its business into an energy-sharing marketplace where users can sell surplus solar or battery power to other customers on the network. Australian solar startup  Power Ledger  has launched a similar project.  Grid+ co-founder Alex Miller told CCN that these next-generation utilities projects will radically transform the energy sector.  Transformation of the energy sector comes down to a shift in economic incentives. By exposing customers to market-driven pricing, which is traditionally obfuscated, next-generation utilities like Grid+ incentivize consumers to purchase distributed energy resources (DERs), such as photovoltaics and batteries, and turn them into revenue streams. Blockchains like Ethereum connect  these DERs through a natively p2p transactive layer. The end result is a shift of supply from upstream generators to local prosumers who transmit their power over much shorter distances.  To help build its user base, the company is selling one-time use GRID tokens that will provide consumers with discounts on electricity purchased from Grid+. Users will be able to exchange each GRID token for the right to purchase 500 kWh of electricity at the wholesale price.  Citing overwhelming interest, the team closed the presale after selling the 45 million tokens allocated to it. The presale was open to the public, but participants had to contribute at least $50,000 and complete a KYC process. Token prices are fixed, but presale contributors received volume discounts of up to 35%. The official Grid+ ICO will begin October 30.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Prominent Bitcoin Trader: Price is Heading Towards $100,000 in 2018 Twitter  Earlier this week, prominent bitcoin trader and investor Tone Vays provided technical analysis on bitcoin’s short-term trend, major price correction following the nationwide ban on Chinese bitcoin exchanges, bitcoin’s swift recovery, and the long-term future of bitcoin.  The analysis of Vays demonstrated the potential of bitcoin price to surpass the $100,000 mark by the end of 2018, which would provide bitcoin a multi-trillion dollar market cap. For many years, financial analysts and researchers in both the cryptocurrency and banking sectors such as RT’s Keiser Report host Max Keiser emphasized the possibility of bitcoin to surpass $1 trillion in market cap if and when it succeeds in evolving into an alternative financial network against existing banking systems and financial institutions.   Based on the exponential growth rate of bitcoin regarding userbase, adoption, developer activity, trading volumes and market cap, a long-term price target of $100,000 is possible to achieve, especially if leading institutional and retail investors continue to endorse, embrace and adopt bitcoin. In 2017 alone, $90 billion investment bank Goldman Sachs and Fidelity Investments with $2.13 trillion worth of assets under management expressed their optimism toward bitcoin.   In August, Fidelity CEO Abigail Johnson  stated:  “But I am still a believer – and it ’s no accident that I ’m one of the few standing before you today from a large financial services firm that hasn ’t given up on digital currencies.”  Johnson also revealed that the company has been experimenting with bitcoin through mining the digital currency and by providing a bitcoin investment platform to its clients. Last month, Fidelity partnered with Coinbase to enable Fidelity clients and portfolio managers to access their bitcoin wallets and accounts directly from the main Fidelity investment platform.  Goldman Sachs analysts further emphasized in a note to its clients and investors that bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market can no longer be ignored, even by institutional investors.  “The debate has shifted from the legitimacy of the ‘fiat of the Internet’ to how fast new entrants are raising funds,” said Goldman Sachs. More to that, Goldman Sachs chief technician Sheba Jafari also offered technical analysis on bitcoin’s mid-term price trend, stating that he strongly believes bitcoin will surpass the $4,800 mark before the end of 2017.  Already, two of the US market’s largest exchanges and bitcoin service providers Coinbase and Gemini have started to develop trading platforms for large-scale institutional investors, focusing on building a more robust and efficient investment channel which can provide sufficient liquidity for retail investors. Gemini entered into a strategic partnership with the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), the largest options exchange in the US, to serve instituitonal investors.  Gemini CEO Tyler Winklevoss  stated:  “Gemini’s key concerns in the cryptocurrency ecosystem have always been security, compliance and regulatory oversight. By working with the team at CBOE, we are helping to make Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies increasingly accessible to both retail and institutional investors.”  Upon securing a $100 million funding round at a valuation of $1.6 billion, Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong also promised its users and investors to provide a platform for institutoinal investors in the US and overseas markets.  With an increasing number of instituitonal and retail investors showing interest in bitcoin and global mainstream adoption of bitcoin increasing generally, $100,000 is an achievable long-term target for bitcoin.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   EU to ‘Strengthen’ Response to Cryptocurrency Cybercrime Twitter  The European Commission has announced plans to ‘strengthen’ its response to cyber-attacks, including incidents involving cryptocurrency cybercrime.  The Commission made this announcement less than a week after EU President Jean-Claude Juncker devoted a portion of his State of the Union Address to confronting the increasing prevalence of cyber-attacks. In this speech, he announced the creation of a pan-European cybersecurity agency to combat the swelling number of threats:  In the past three years, we have made progress in keeping Europeans safe online. But Europe is still not well equipped when it comes to cyber-attacks. This is why, today, the Commission is proposing new tools, including a European Cybersecurity Agency, to help defend us against such attacks.  The Commission notes that  ransomware attacks  have increased 300% within the past three years alone and predicts the total economic impact of cybercrime will have risen five-fold between 2013 and 2019.  In the  announcement , the Commission explains that it will expand the scope of cyber offenses such as fraud to include all monetary transactions, including those involving cryptocurrency [formatting retained from original]:  The proposed  Directive  will strengthen the ability of law enforcement authorities to tackle this form of crime by  expanding the scope of the offences  related to information systems to all payment transactions, including transactions through virtual currencies. The law will also introduce  common rules on the level of penalties  and clarify the  scope of Member States ’ jurisdiction  in such offences.  The ramp-up in enforcement comes shortly after the Swiss Financial Markets Supervisory Authority (FINMA) –the chief financial watchdog within the country – shut down E-Coin , a fake cryptocurrency scam that had fraudulently obtained more than $4 million from unsuspecting investors. FINMA also revealed it has placed 3 more firms within the crypto space on a warning list and is conducting investigations into 11 more projects.  Within the United States, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has been stepping up enforcement of alleged cryptocurrency cybercrime as well. In a recent  roundtable discussion , several SEC executives revealed that that initial coin offerings (ICOs) have become a focus for the agency as it seeks to prevent investors from fraud. To that end, the SEC recently pressured Protostarr to  cancel its ICO  and issued  temporary suspensions  to several publicly-traded bitcoin firms.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Japanese Internet Giant GMO to Spend over $3 Million for Bitcoin Mining Operation Twitter  Japanese internet conglomerate GMO Internet Co., Ltd will invest over $3 million to launch its bitcoin mining operation in the first half of 2018.  Founded in the early 1990s, Tokyo-based GMO is among a slew of major Japanese companies looking to capitalize on the booming demand and appetite for digital currencies. Recent legislative changes in Japan has seen bitcoin now recognized as a  legal method of payment  in April this year. Come May, GMO  launched  a digital currency exchange and entered the bitcoin industry, with planned support for other digital currencies in the future.  “We believe that cryptocurrencies will develop into ‘new universal currencies’”, the internet giant stated recently, “available for use by anyone from any country or region to freely exchange “value,” creating a “new borderless economic zone.”  Now, the internet giant is further foraying into the bitcoin industry by announcing plans to launch its open mining operation next year.  In a  statement  earlier this month, GMO revealed:  We will operate a next-generation mining center utilizing renewable energy and cutting-edge semiconductor chips in Northern Europe.  Bitcoin mining is an energy-intensive process where profits are gained when the mining rewards exceed the cost of mining resources and electricity costs.  GMO says it will invest over 10% of its consolidated non-current assets ($31 million) for the mining operation.  Further details reveal that the mining center will be established in a Scandinavian country with a production target of 500 petahashes per second (PH/s). For the hardware, GMO says it will use mining chips based on 7 nanometer nodes, developed in tandem with an unnamed technology partner with experience in semiconductor design technology. GMO also confirmed it will research, de velop and manufacture the mining chips necessary for the operation.  In its roadmap, GMO also revealed plans to sell mining boards equipped with the chips.  The internet giant is also entering the cloud mining space, enabling customers to rent mining equipment’s hashrate. The company further indicated that cryptocurrencies mined from its mining endeavor will be used to support its cryptocurrency exchange GMO Coin, providing liquidity to operations.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   SBC Coin Uses Multiple Hash Algorithms, Launches ICO Twitter  This is a sponsored story.  The recent release of SBC Coin by SBC Group, a U.S-based company, marks a bid to provide the world’s safest cryptocurrency through the use of advanced blockchain technology empowered by multiple hash algorithms, wrapped with SHA 256 and SHA3–512. The coin also features a hybrid of  Proof-of-Stake (PoS) and Proof-of-Work (PoW) algorithms, offering security in addition to stakeho lder incentives.  SBC Coin will feature 20-second confirmation speeds and be 99% immune to fraudulent activities. The coin uses the concepts of tree hashing to provide the highest possible performance on a single buffer in a single thread of a single core of a modern microprocessor.  Critical uses requiring fast hashing of a single buffer include secure loading of files during boot/resume of a system, and streaming applications where it is not feasible to buffer many streams for later processing.  Intel Tests Algorithms  The multiple hash algorithms have been tested by Intel, according to Dr. Samuel Lorenzo, chief technology officer of SBC Group. The company has already offered up to 389 million SBC Coins to both public and internal community miners through its ICO, which is currently under way.  The combination of PoS and PoW algorithms is a key aspect of SBC Coin’s architecture. PoW deters cyber attacks, thereby enhancing the coin’s security. PoS allows miners to have incentives to provide consensus solutions for blockchain transactions.  The SBC eco-system consists of six core elements: SBC coin trading platform, peer-to-peer exchange, SBC coin wallet, SBC debit card, SBC coin mining and SBC commerce.  The wallet will be available on iOS, Android, Max OS X and Windows. It will be easy to use the same wallet or accounts across multiple devices.  The SBC Coin debit card will allow users to spend their coins anywhere VISA or Mastercard are accepted. Users will use the card to shop online, swipe at stores and withdraw cash from ATMs worldwide. The card will be usable in any country that accepts VISA and Mastercard, and will have no hidden fees.  SBC Group’s goal is to empower both miners and traders with products and services that change the way cryptocurrency transactions are made.  Long-term, SBC coin seeks to transform digital currency from non-physical to physical currency, and provide a community payment system for customer needs.  ICO Begins  A total of 175.05 million coins will be offered in an ICO running from Sept. 15 to Oct. 29, 2017. The SBC wallet, SBC debit card and the SBC trading platform will be entitled to 10 million coins for a single ICO. The remaining 145.05 million coins will be invested in employees, the mining system, marketing and development.  During stage 1 of the ICO, investors will receive 30% of the purchased coins. During stage 2, they will receive 20%, while during stage 3 they will receive 10%.  SBC coins can be converted to major cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies.  SBC Group will accept various forms of payment for those who prefer to use their own cash or cryptocurrency.  SBC Group plans to introduce SBC Coin on Poloniex, Kraken, CEX, Bitfinex, Bitstamp and other exchanges.  The company expects the coin to expand at a growth rate of 635% to 695% over the next three years, giving investors a chance to win an average ROI of 120% to 125% annually, according to Frank Sanders, SBC Group co-founder.  
DECREASE	   Indian Tax Authorities See ‘Concerns’ in Bitcoin Trading, Investments Twitter  Tax authorities in India have expressed money laundering concerns with investments and trading of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin.  As awareness and adoption of bitcoin  grow  in India, there are concerns among authorities about the potential for abuse by tax evaders and money launderers. According to the  Economic Times , Indian tax authorities fear that trading of cryptocurrencies ‘could become conduits for illicit flows and the movement of black money.’  Income tax authorities and the Enforcement Directorate, an economic law enforcement and intelligence agency, are specifically looking into significant investments into buying the cryptocurrency following last year’s unprecedented demonetization effort which saw nearly 90% of India’s physical cash rendered obsolete overnight.  A senior tax department official told the publication:  There are issues with large investments flowing into this currency [bitcoin].  A ‘Special Investigation Team’ (SIT) on black (laundered) money – specifically appointed by the Supreme Court of India – is reportedly drawing up a draft report of what it has learned and is even suggesting ‘curbs’ in trading.  “There are concerns on the way it operates…Some unaccounted money could be flowing into these,” an unnamed official was cited as saying.  As  reported  by CCN in July, India’s Supreme Court demanded the government and the Reserve Bank of India (the country’s central bank to check bitcoin transactions so as to ensure they aren’t used for money laundering or terrorism funding.  India’s bitcoin industry remains unregulated after years of getting the cold shoulder from authorities. The significant growth in both its popularity and adoption pushed the government into establishing an interdisplinary ‘ virtual currency committee ’ to study and propose a regulatory framework for digital currencies in India, earlier this year.  As such, the speculative outcome is to see Indian authorities regulate the country’s digital currency industry, with a ban  highly unlikely . Regulation of the industry is also likely to coincide with  taxation  of bitcoin adopters in the general public.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Jamie Dimon ’s Bitcoin Comments Accused as Market Abuse in Sweden Twitter  Did  Jamie Dimon  have an ulterior motive when he trashed bitcoin last week?  Florian Schweitzer, managing partner for a bitcoin market trading firm, has filed a complaint with a Swedish regulator against JPMorgan’s chief executive for  calling bitcoin a “fraud” a week ago  after learning that JPMorgan began buying into a bitcoin tracker fund shortly after Dimon made his comments, according to  Quartz .  Schweitzer’s firm, London, U.K.-based Blockswater, trades around $25 million per month. Schweitzer has asked the Swedish regulator to investigate Dimon.  Dimon criticized bitcoin at a banking conference in New York, telling CNBC that bitcoin is “just not a real thing, (and) eventually it will be closed.” He also claimed he would fire any JP Morgan trader engaging in bitcoin activity.  Coincidental Timing?  Days after Dimon made his comments, JPMorgan became one of the most active buyers of Bitcoin XBT, a bitcoin tracker fund listed on the Nasdaq Nordic in Stockholm, Sweden. The fund allows buyers to hold bitcoin without having to worry about how to securely store it.  Bitcoin’s price dropped 24% from the day Dimon recently criticized bitcoin and the day the company made its XBT trades. The Zero Hedge finance blog accused JPMorgan of buying bitcoin on the cheap. JPMorgan told Reuters it was serving as a broker for clients who wanted to buy into the bitcoin tracker fund and that the purchase orders were for clients, not for JPMorgan.  Schweitzer said market abuse in Sweden is punishable by two years in jail.  Also read:  JP Morgan ’s Jamie Dimon labels bitcoin a  ‘fraud ’  Dimon’s criticism of bitcoin didn’t begin last week. In late 2015,  he called bitcoin “a waste of time”  at a time when bitcoin was trading under $400, nearly a tenth of the cryptocurrency’s current value. The following month at the WEF summit in Davos, Dimon doubled down on his opinion, stating “there’s nothing behind a bitcoin and I think if it was big, the governments would stop it.”  In response, analysts and experts outside of the cryptocurrency industry such as Alex Gurevich, former JPMorgan executive and head global macro, told Dimon he is a great bank CEO, but not a trader or a tech entrepreneur.  Other analysts and experts said Dimon could have made such comments as a way to protect JPMorgan’s ongoing blockchain development, research and operations.  Featured image from Wikimedia.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Dips Below $3,900, South Korea Surpasses China in Trading Volume Twitter  Earlier today, on September 21, bitcoin price dipped below $3,900 after demonstrating strong signs of recovery on Monday.   On September 19, Cryptocoinsnews previously reported that bitcoin price surged to $4,040, increasing by over $440 in a 24-hour period. At the time, the global bitcoin market and investors displayed confidence over bitcoin’s mid-term growth.   However, over the past few days, bitcoin has struggled to recover beyond the $4,000 mark. Although bitcoin has fully recovered to the point before the Chinese government imposed a nationwide ban on local bitcoin exchanges and trading platforms, it has remained relatively stable in the $3,900 to $4,000 region.  As of current, the global bitcoin exchange market is restructuring, and the majority of trading volume from the Chinese market has shifted to Japan and South Korea. According to bitcoin market data providers such as CryptoCompare, Japan remains as the dominant market in the global bitcoin exchange market, with a staggering 49.13 percent market share.  South Korea Overtakes China to Become the Third Largest Bitcoin Exchange Market  More to that, as prominent bitcoin trader and investor Tuur Demeester stated, South Korea is also evolving into a powerhouse within the global bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange markets. Today, South Korea officially surpassed the daily trading volume of the Chinese market, securing 5 percent in market share.  On August 12, Demeester  revealed  that Bittrex was the largest cryptocurrency exchange in trading volume, with Bithumb as the close second. But, recently, Bithumb surpassed Bittrex to become the largest cryptocurrency trading platform in the world, securing a trading volume that is larger than that of Bittrex and Bitfinex combined.   Although China only accounted for 10 to 13 percent of global bitcoin trades prior to the nationwide ban on bitcoin exchanges imposed by the Chinese government, it was still a major market behind the US and Japan. Within the past week, South Korea has overtaken China and evolved as a major bitcoin exchange market. As Demeester explained, Bitcoin ’s center mass for its price could be in South Korea, considering that it is the third largest market globally.  Bitcoin Has Dealt Well With China ’s Bitcoin Exchange Ban Says Experts  So far, the bitcoin industry and global exchange market have dealt tremendously well with the Chinese government’s aggressive restriction on bitcoin trading. Kevin Pham, an early investor in bitcoin and Ethereum,  wrote:  “‘China will ban Bitcoin and the price will be near $4,000.’ Absolutely no one would believe you if you said that in 2015.  In the past years, the announcement of the Chinese government to ban bitcoin or any aspect of the digital currency led to a 30 to 40 percent price correction on bitcoin. In the most recent case of the shutdown of the Chinese bitcoin exchange market, it almost had no impact on the mid-term price development of bitcoin, considering the fact that bitcoin has already fully recovered from the Chinese government’s bitcoin exchange ban and demonstrated resilience toward market manipulation.  “Bitcoin price is resilient because its value doesn ’t come from government acceptance or regulation. Its value comes from failure of fiat money system,” said BTCC CEO Bobby Lee.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Aaress Fintech Announces Token Exchange Trading Platform, Enhances Fintech Service Offers Twitter  Hong Kong-based Aaress Fintech, the company that  created the All In One (AIO) token  as a solution for cryptocurrency investors and users to avoid suffering from volatility, recently announced new developments in its cryptocurrency-related projects.  The All In One Coin, essentially an Ethereum-based token that acts as a stake in a traditional hedge fund, draws value from the top 10 cryptocurrencies and allows investors to make a profit from the growing cryptocurrency ecosystem. Now, it also allows investors to purchase Aaress’ services at a discount.  Among these services are setting up nodes on a blockchain, and the creation of tokens companies can use in Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs), as well as the complete ICO package that lessens the pain of launching an ICO. Notably, the company also announced the creation of a new token exchange platform.  Aaress Fintech’s Token Trading Exchange  Aaress Fintech’s new Token Trading Exchange is, according to the company, a world’s first and is expected to be completed by March 2018. The exchange, based in Hong Kong, will follow local regulations and will include perks users can’t find anywhere else.  For one, the Token Trading Exchange will include an easy listing process for new tokens, so as to give traders a variety of altcoins to trade. It’ll feature an easy-to-use interface to transact, and include various altcoins.  Given that various companies in the cryptocurrency ecosystem offer poor customer support due to a large user influx, Aaress Fintech will focus on an operational customer support team so that it is available 24/7. This way, users won’t feel abandoned while using the platform, as they’ll know talking to the company is just a support ticket away.  The exchange will include a simple interface for novice traders, as well as advanced options such as limit buying and selling. Aaress Fintech’s founder, Sujit Jadhav, stated:  “We are coming out with regulated exclusive tokens exchange from Hong Kong. This is the first-of-its kind concept and promises to be a landmark event in the evolution of crypto currencies worldwide ”  All In One Coin’s ongoing ICO  Aaress Fintech’s  All In One Coin will be usable in all of the company’s services – from altcoin development to ICO launch – and will. in fact. give those who use it a discount that can go up to 50%. A total of 450 million AIO tokens are currently being sold in the company’s ICO, at an initial rate of $1 per token.  AIO tokens can be purchased with Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, and Litecoin, and the whole ICO process is publicly visible in AIO’s website. The token’s value is bound to increase as demand surges, due to its limited supply.  You can  learn more here , or keep up with the project through  Facebook  and  Twitter . Users are thoroughly advised to read the  project’s whitepaper .  This is a sponsored story.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Dips Below $3,900, but Market Treads Water Twitter  Bitcoin price declined for the second straight day, dipping just under $3,900 after targeting the $4,000 mark earlier in the day. The overall markets also posted a minor pullback but were more or less stable compared to the near-constant volatility of the past month.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  The most pressing news of the day was a report that Chinese bitcoin exchange executives had been  banned from leaving the country  while investigators continue their investigation into now-illegal cryptocurrency trading. Elsewhere, India ’s tax authority  expressed concern  about the large amount of capital flowing into bitcoin following last year ’s move toward eliminating cash.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Nevertheless, the total cryptocurrency market remained relatively stable. After beginning the day at about $135 billion, the combined value of all cryptocurrencies rose close to $139 billion before cooling off to a present mark of $134 billion. This represents a 24-hour decline of less than 1%.  Bitcoin Price Dips Under $3,900  Yet again, the bitcoin price mustered a rally across the $4,000 threshold but ran out of steam after reaching that mark. Ultimately, the bitcoin price dropped below $3,900 Thursday morning, resulting in a single-day decline of 1%. At present, the bitcoin price is $3,887, which translates into a $64.4 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The recent China-fueled downturn in the bitcoin price has sparked a new wave of  “bitcoin obituaries ” in the mainstream press. JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon famously  called bitcoin a  “fraud ”  last week, while the Wall Street Journal published an article  claiming  that bitcoin is  “probably worth zero. ” Allianz economist Mohamed El-Erian, though less grandiose than either of those statements, recently claimed that the current bitcoin price is roughly  triple its true value .  Ethereum Price Holds Above $280  The ethereum price moved just a few cents on Thursday, ending the day at $283 after briefly climbing to $290. Consequently, ethereum retains a market cap of $26.8 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Nevertheless, investors should keep an eye on the ethereum price. Developers have begun rolling out the next major protocol upgrades onto the testnet, and it is possible the mainnet deployment will initiate a short-term bullish wave.  Dash Price Swims Against the Current  The majority of altcoins posted minor price decreases on Thursday, but the Dash price swam against the current to return a 10% gain. Dash is now trading at $362, which is its highest mark since September 2. It is not immediately clear what is fueling this rally, but it was enough to propel Dash past litecoin in the rankings, making Dash the 5th-largest cryptocurrency in terms of market cap.  Dash Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Other altcoins were not so fortunate. Aside from Dash, every top 20 cryptocurrency declined, although the vast majority of these declines were minimal. The bitcoin cash price dropped 4%, reducing its market cap to $7.8 billion. The Ripple price fell 2%, forcing its total capitalization back below $7 billion.  Altcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Litecoin, now ranked 6th, posted a 2% decline but continued to hold above $50. NEM and ethereum classic each dropped 3%, while IOTA fell 4%. Monero, Dash ’s privacy-centric cousin,dipped 1% to $94. NEO –once seen as a promising platform for initial coin offerings –continues to hover close to the top 10 despite China ’s recent ICO ban.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Takes a Stumble Toward $3,600   Twitter  Bitcoin price fell to a low of $3,639 during trading on Thursday, down 8% from yesterday.  The price of bitcoin took a steep fall during Thursday afternoon (UTC), losing over 6% in a 2-hour trading period.  Data from Bitfinex charts reveals the BTC/USD value at just under $4,000 at the start of Thursday. For much of the day, the value of the cryptocurrency hovered around the $3,900 figure, before the fall midday. At 14:30 UTC, bitcoin was trading to the dollar $3,865. An hour later, price fell to $3,711 before dropping even further to the day’s low of $3,639 at 16::30 UTC.   As per  CoinMarketCap , the cryptocurrency is down 7.67% on the day but still 7.74% up over a seven-day period. USD-based bitcoin markets accounted for a majority of the world’s bitcoin trading over the past 24 hours, at nearly 40% of the volume. The Japanese market followed with nearly a quarter of the world’s trading as CNY-based trading fell to 6.4%.   Bitcoin prices fell below $3,000 on Friday last week following a significant market sell-off by spooked investors after the  shuttering  of two major Chinese exchanges at the time. The effect of China’s regulatory squeeze has left more profound impressions on global prices on other occasions, but  China’s influence has waned  this time.  At the time of publishing, bitcoin price is making an upward climb again toward $3,700.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Re-Writing the Script in the Filmmaking Industry Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story.  Independent filmmakers who have struggled with industry challenges are gradually coasting home as the implementation of blockchain technology in film distribution eliminates virtually all previous hurdles that have sidelined smaller players in the industry.  Improved technology is enabling expansion  The global film industry is experiencing an exponential growth. Festival Genius, software for independent film festivals, has tracked over 6.4M people watching almost 70K films. The total number of films created each year could be as high as 50,000, according to Chris Hyams, founder of B-Side Entertainment and the creator of Festival Genius.  The expansion of the film industry in recent times can be linked with the reduced cost of film production due to the availability of cheaper equipment, made possible by technological advancement. To create quality content these days, independent filmmakers are able to work with budgets that are only a fraction of the normal costs in the 20th century. Coupled with the  internationalization of the film industry , with Bollywood (India) and Nollywood (Nigeria) becoming significant film production centers in the past decade, the industry is expected to continue to expand.  The limitations of intermediaries  This industrial growth and expansion is clearly overwhelming existing film producers and distributors, whose capacity have not been able to handle the heavy influx of quality content into the system. Therefore, in order to remain relevant and retain control, the distributors charge high fees and sometimes create unrealistic and irrelevant standards that may end up preventing quality content from reaching the general public.   Unfortunately, even highly motivated independent film-viewers have no way to discover most of these film productions, except through the promotion activities of the major studios that control multi-channel distribution, from theaters to broadcast / cable television to DVD and digital distribution.   Another major weakness of the existing system in the film industry is  the problem of piracy . This is a situation that does not only demoralise the filmmakers but robs them of almost all of their supposed income from their products. This problem is rampant in China and Africa where over 90% of content viewing results in no income paid to the copyright owners. The result is that the major distributors pursue business policies that reward “safe” investments in blockbusters and projects that feature well-known lead actors or directors. Hence, new entrants find it very difficult to break into the industry.  Totally re-writing the script  Leveraging on blockchain technology,  StreamSpace  aims to introduce a novel distribution platform and an ecosystem community that will give consumers an opportunity to enjoy quality film content unavailable from conventional distribution channels, with a secure monetization engine that places more than 90% of payments directly into the hands of the filmmakers.   Furthermore, StreamSpace intends to launch a novel financing service that will help filmmakers raise the funds they need to create and produce film projects.  Blockchain technology enables the creation of  a transparent and secure platform  that is decentralized and accessible to everyone who plays by the rules of the platform.  How it works  – in simple terms  Imagine a smart contract whereby a film enthusiast logs into his account, adds US$5.00 in value to his digital wallet (either by electronic funds transfer, an online credit / debit card transfer authorization, or by exchange of a fraction of a bitcoin or other cryptocurrency through an exchange), and then clicks to watch a film.   That last click initiates a token transfer from his digital wallet to that of the copyright owner, in a basic example, an independent filmmaker with 100% ownership of the digital viewing rights. The copyright owner for a film may be a single individual, but more commonly may be a group of individuals with differing percentages of ownership rights.   StreamSpace will track the payment transfers from each viewer to the respective copyright holders according to whatever terms are appropriate for each film project; there may be tax consequences for payments, which would represent business revenue or income to the copyright holders. Each of the copyright owners has the ability to accept revenue payments in some fraction of StreamShares (SSH) and fiat currency.   The game changer  This is an innovation that is bound to totally change the entire filmmaking industry as it will permit unrestricted entry of many independent filmmakers that have been left out in the cold. Reduced cost of production will encourage the delivery of better quality movies while copyright owners are assured adequate compensation.  The viewing audience will not be left out either as they are assured of original quality for whatever they are paying for and other reward systems within the platform that will open up other sources of revenue for them.  
DECREASE	   Apple Co-Founder Wozniak: Bitcoin is Better than Gold Twitter  Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak believes that bitcoin is superior to both gold and the “phony” U.S. dollar.  As reported by  Bitcoin Magazine , Wozniak made this assertion at the Money 20/20 conference in Las Vegas, explaining that although bitcoin is criticized for its price volatility, it is more stable than government-backed currencies such as the U.S. dollar since it has a fixed supply, while fiat currencies can be easily diluted.  “There is a certain finite amount of bitcoin that can ever exist,” the publication cites Wozniak as saying. That makes it “more genuine and real” than the dollar, which is “kind of phony” since the U.S. government can issue new units of currency for purely political reasons.   Praising bitcoin ’s utility as a store of value, he compared it to owning an appreciable asset such as a house:    “Your house has value. And if it is a house today, 40 years from now, it still is a house in value, ” he said, even if the price increases over time.  In the past, investors used gold to hedge against inflationary monetary policies. However, Wozniak cautions that although there is a fixed supply of gold, continuously-improving technology will enable miners to extract gold from the earth with increased efficiency, effectively diluting the supply to an extent.  “Gold gets mined and mined and mined, ” Wozniak said.  “Maybe there ’s a finite amount of gold in the world, but Bitcoin is even more mathematical and regulated and nobody can change mathematics. ”  This view contradicts with that of investment banking giant Goldman Sachs. Though more open to bitcoin than JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs recently  warned its clients  that bitcoin is not the  “new gold ” because gold satisfies the characteristics of money better than cryptocurrency does.  Elsewhere in the discussion, Wozniak added that when he first learned about bitcoin, he admired its mathematical properties but did not understand how the blockchain worked. However, now that he thoroughly understands it, he is a major proponent of both blockchain technology and cryptocurrency.   In addition to bitcoin, he says that he is excited about smart contracts platforms like Ethereum. He believes that smart contracts will open up as many possibilities as the  “tens of thousands of [software] programs ” that no one could have imagined before the invention of computers.  “There is a lot more to this cryptocurrency than just the Bitcoin, ” he concluded.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   “Massive ” DDoS Attack Takes Down Bitcoin Gold ’s Website Twitter  Bitcoin Gold (BTG) is a new cryptocurrency that separated from the bitcoin blockchain earlier today, and that has been rather controversial since it was first introduced. Recently, on Twitter, the project’s developer team stated that its website was under a “massive DDoS attack,” which managed to take it down.  Bitcoin Gold , as bitcoin developer Jimmy Song explained, was introduced rather abruptly by China-based bitcoin miner Jack Liao. Its goal is to create an ASIC-resilient mining ecosystem wherein the gap between GPU/CPU mining and ASIC mining is smaller.  As some have pointed out, however, similar alterations to  Bitcoin’s  protocol has been made in the past by altcoins that weren’t exactly successful. Following the hard fork, BTG now plans to distribute the cryptocurrency to anyone holding bitcoin when it occurred.   Massive DDoS attack on our cloud site. 10M requests per minute. We are working with the providers to ban all the IPs. We will be up soon!  — Bitcoin Gold [BTG] (@bitcoingold)  October 24, 2017   Those who wish to keep track of the cryptocurrency’s problems have been unable to because of the attack on its website, as the blockchain is not yet public and there are no block explorers yet  – information on BTG is now scarce. At press time, despite a tweet from the team stating the attack has been handled, CCN couldn’t access  Bitcoin Gold’s website .  Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks are fairly common against cryptocurrency projects, especially the controversial ones. Bitcoin Gold has been relatively controversial, as some pointed out that BTG uses a process that will privately create the cryptocurrency before its open-source and available to the public. On Github, it’s been pointed out that the developers  allowed themselves a premining period  with minimal difficulty, which led users to doubt the cryptocurrency’s development team.  Moreover, Bitcoin Gold’s codebase is reportedly “not in a functional state” so much so that some exchanges,  including Bittrex , refused to support the cryptocurrency and adding it to their platform.  BTG’s team hasn’t added any more information on the attack, but in response to its tweet stating that the situation had been handled users decided to take a chance to ask about the “replay attack” risk, referring to the risk of transaction problems arising when two incompatible versions of bitcoin’s blockchain aren’t able to distinguish one another.   Did you solve replay protection issues ?  — ismailakyuz (@ismailakyuz)  October 24, 2017   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Non-Government Cryptocurrency is ‘Junk’, Says Mastercard CEO in Attacking Bitcoin Twitter  Mastercard president and CEO Ajay Banga has broadly dismissed all non-governmental cryptocurrencies as ‘junk’ in a media interview.  Mastercard, the world’s second-largest payments company after Visa, was asked about the potential for disruption brought on by digital currencies. Powered by decentralized blockchain technology, the innovation presents a threat to the very business model of a singular operator of global payment rails, like Mastercard.  In an interview with the  Economic Times , the Mastercard executive revealed the company would be receptive to a digital currency – if it is developed or mandated by a government. Unsurprisingly, Banga was scathing in his attack on state-agnostic cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, stating:  If the government creates digital currency, we will find a way to be in the game. We will provide rails for moving currency from customer to merchant. The government mandated digital currencies are interesting. Non-government mandated currency is junk.  Banga went on to attack bitcoin with the oft-heard rhetoric of volatility and its use (or abuse) in ransomware payments. To him, China’s crackdown on the cryptocurrency industry only adds to his arguments against bitcoin.  He stated:   If I pay for a bottle of water in Bitcoin, one day it is two bottles for a Bitcoin the other day it is 9,000 bottles. This does not work. Any currency needs stability and transparency, otherwise you will get all the illegal activities in the world. Why was the ransom for the virus (wannacry ransomware) collected in bitcoin? Why has China cracked down on bitcoin?  Banga’s comments join the recent criticism leveled against bitcoin from Wall Street bankers and other figures of the traditional banking and financial industry. JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon labelled bitcoin ‘ a fraud ’ in a much-publicized rant last month. UBS Chairman and former Bundesbank president Axel Weber even admitted that his skepticism of bitcoin “probably comes from my background as a central banker” when he claimed bitcoin  does not fulfill  the functions of a currency.  A year ago, Mastercard president for operations and technology Rob Reeg  revealed  that the company is invested in blockchain technology, but not bitcoin.  He stated:  It is an interesting technology and we are working on it. I personally don’t care about Bitcoin, but I do care about blockchain technology.  Featured image from Flickr/ World Bank Photo Collection .  
DECREASE	   ‘Metronome’: SegWit2x Developer Jeff Garzik is Also Building an Altcoin Twitter  Blockchain firm Bloq has announced the creation of  Metronome , a cross-blockchain cryptocurrency that will be issued through an initial coin offering (ICO).  As reported by  Bloomberg , Bloq intends to unveil Metronome today at the Las Vegas Money 20/20 conference. The project is being developed by Bloq chief executive Jeff Garzik, a former Bitcoin Core developer who is also the lead developer for the contentious  SegWit2x hard fork  that is scheduled to activatate on the Bitcoin network next month.  Metronome’s key feature is the ability to operate on top of multiple blockchains, which developers say will ensure its survival if the underlying blockchain  — such as Bitcoin or Ethereum  — becomes compromised or simply becomes supplanted by another cryptocurrency in the future. Additionally, users will be able to transfer metronomes across the various blockchains.  Bloq co-founder Matthew Roszak claims that Metronome will prove to be a “thousand-year cryptocurrency” and will provide institutional investors with the stability they need to justify entering the crypto economy.  “Institutional investors should be very excited to see something like this, ” Roszak said in a phone interview with Bloomberg.  “We’ve built a thousand-year cryptocurrency, something that’s built to last. ”  In an interview with  Fortune , Garzik  — one of the earliest bitcoin developers  — stated that Metronome is the digital currency he would design if given a blank slate.  “Today, bitcoin faces existential threats from forks, developer drama and so on. Knowing what we know and having a clean sheet of paper, we asked what  would we build and the answer is this,” Garzik said.  Garzik’s comment about “existential threats from forks” is certain to raise some eyebrows. As the lead developer of SegWit2x, many community members  — rightly or wrongly  — view his involvement in SegWit2x as one of those threats.  The timing of the announcement is also curious, as it comes less than one month before SegWit2x is scheduled to active on the Bitcoin network, potentially leading to both a blockchain and community split.  “With Metronome, we sought to design an autonomous cryptocurrency system that is highly resistant to governance failure and is intended to last for generations,” Garzik stated in a media release. “To accomplish this, we recognized early on that allowing users the freedom to select which blockchain most closely aligns with what they value was not only an important feature, but a  vital one if we were to realize the Metronome vision.”  According to the official announcement, metronome tokens (MTN) will be issued through an initial coin offering (ICO) held in December. The initial supply of MTN is 10 million tokens, of which 8 million will be distributed through the ICO. The remaining 2 million MTN will be retained by Bloq. Thereafter, MTN will continuously be issued through daily auctions at an approximate an nual rate of 2%. Bloq says that all ICO proceeds will remain within the Metronome smart contract system to help provide liquidity for the currency.  Metronome is expected to launch in December, with MTN tokens first being issued on the Ethereum network. Support for Ethereum Classic, Rootstock on Bitcoin, and Qtum is also planned but does not yet have a scheduled release date.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Jeff Garzik Hopes New Digital Currency Metronome Solves Bitcoin ’s  ‘Shortcomings ’ Twitter  Jeff Garzik, a controversial figure regarding the bitcoin scaling debate, has revealed that his company has created Metronome, a digital currency aimed at solving the shortcomings of bitcoin. Garzik is a former core developer of Bitcoin.  Bloq CEO Garzik is publicizing Metronome, a new digital currency. It will be the first to enable users to switch between different blockchains with the same token. Due to be unveiled at the Money 20/20 conference in Las Vegas today, coins will be capable of moving from bitcoin’s blockchain, ethereum’s, and ethereum classic, reports  Bloomberg .  The aim is to prevent coins from losing their value, ensuring their longevity if infighting takes place among various blockchain developers.  In a phone interview with Bloomberg, Matthew Roszak, co-founder of Bloq and chairman of the Chamber of Digital Commerce, said:  Institutional investors should be very excited to see something like this. We’ve built a thousand-year cryptocurrency, something that’s built to last.  Bitcoin and ethereum are just two examples which have experienced splits due to infighting and a slow pace of development. The creation of these two coins has added to the over 900 that have a market cap value, according to CoinMarketCap. The launch of metronome will, therefore, have some tough competition ahead of it. Unlike bitcoin’s 35 million active users, metronome will st art with zero.  That, however, isn’t deterring the team behind it. Starting in December, eight of the 10 million initial metronome will be auctioned off by an autonomous distributed software. Proceeds will then be kept and used to boost the new currency’s price. The remaining two million will be retained by the company and others who helped to promote the currency.  The creation of metronome is aiming to solve a significant problem that many coin holders have: switching from one blockchain to another with the same coin. At present, this process involves selling one coin in order to buy another, which involves fees and a devalue in coin prices. Metronome is hoping to solve that issue.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   With 11 Million Users Coinbase Enables Instant Bitcoin Buying With a US Bank Account Twitter  Bitcoin exchange Coinbase announced that it will now allow users to buy bitcoin, ethereum, and litecoin instantly when paying with a US bank account.  Coinbase made the announcement in a  blog post . Previously, customers who purchased cryptocurrency using a bank account had to wait several days  — sometimes as long as a week  — before they received access to their assets. Now, customers who pay for their cryptocurrency purchases using a US bank account can buy up to $25,000 worth of BTC, ETH, and LTC and receive access to their coins immediately.  This will be a welcome addition for consumers, many of whom desire to purchase ether so they can participate in initial coin offerings (ICOs), but new users in particular often do not realize they need to plan ahead to make sure their coins are available at the start of the ICO.  From the announcement:  “Our mission is to make Coinbase the most trusted, safe, and easy-to-use digital currency exchange. Instant purchases make it significantly easier and faster for customers to invest in the digital currency ecosystem. Reducing the time to receive digital currency has been a highly requested feature and we are pleased to provide this improved experience for our customers.”  Coinbase crossed the  10 million registered user mark  in September and has already added more than 1.4 million users since then. At times, the company  struggled  to scale its growth to accommodate its swelling user base, but chief executive Brian Armstrong committed to using funds raised during the  $100 million Series D  round the startup completed earlier this year to improve customer service. To fulfill that commitment, Coinbase rolled out  live phone support  last month.  Coinbase says the instant bank purchases are live for “many customers in the US,” but it has not yet been enabled for others (the author’s account, for instance, does not appear to have instant buy available). The company says it will continue to expand the availability of this feature during the coming months.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Australia Passes Law to Officially Kill Double Bitcoin Tax Twitter  Come July 2018, Australia will (finally) remove the double taxation of transactions involving cryptocurrencies like bitcoin.  Under current  law  mandated in December 2014, Australians are taxed twice for digital currency transactions – once for the goods and services (GST) tax on the purchase and again for the digital currency used in the transaction. Bitcoin and other digital currencies are seen as an ‘intangible’ property under  rules  mandated by the Australian Tax Office.  “If you pay $4 in bitcoin for a coffee, you will pay 40c GST for the coffee, and 40c again for the bitcoin you used to pay for the coffee,” explained Daniel Alexiuc, CEO of Australian bitcoin startup Living Room of Satoshi,  speaking  to CCN in 2016.  In a comprehensive policy of ‘Australia’s FinTech Priorities’, the Australian Treasury  pledged  to commit the controversial double taxation in early 2016. “The Government is committed to addressing the ‘double taxation’ of digital currencies and will work with the industry on legislative options to reform the law relating to GST as it is applied to digital currencies,” the Australian Treasury wrote in a statement.  Earlier this year, the government kept good on its word by  addressing  the issue in this year’s federal budget.  In September, the government  introduced the bill  to set the path for legislation that will put an end to the double taxation of digital currencies. As reported by  the Australian , that bill has now passed through the Australian parliament with bitcoin and digital currencies now seen as a ‘foreign currency’ under applicable GST treatment.  The move is certain to boost the adoption and usage of digital currencies in the country. Australia’s Tax Office is also looking at addressing the growth of cryptocurrencies and  even adopting blockchain technology  to streamline the taxation process.  Kevin Hogan, chair of Australia’s House of Representatives Standing Committee on Tax and Revenue in New South Wales stated this week:  If these cryptocurrencies emerge in greater numbers, certainly the government will need to adapt to some of that to make sure that the tax payment system is included in that.  Featured image of Australian Parliament House from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Card Provider Wirex Partners SBI to Launch Cryptocurrency Card in Japan Twitter  UK-based Wirex is entering a regional joint venture with Japanese financial group SBI that will deliver a Japanese cryptocurrency payment card.  Japan’s SBI Holdings, a major financial services group heavily invested in digital currencies and blockchain technology, is co-launching a joint venture with London-based Wirex called SBI Wirex Asia. The collaboration will see bitcoin startup Wirex make inroads into traditional markets already known to SBI while the Japanese company deepens its foray into establishing ties to t he cryptocurrency and blockchain space.  With offices in Tokyo and Kiev beyond London,  Wirex , formerly e-coin, has already gained a market in Japan as an issuer of bitcoin debit cards.  Wirex CEO Pavel Matveev stated:  Japanese customers are our most enthusiastic supporters and use our VISA-backed cryptocurrency debit card more regularly than anywhere else in the world. They deserve a Yen denominated card soon and we will deliver it to them.  The new joint venture comes after SBI’s participation in a  $3 million Series  A by Wirex earlier this year in the lead-up to Japanese legislation  deeming bitcoin as a legal method of payment  in April. A boom in both awareness in adoption of bitcoin has since followed, with an estimated  300,000 Japanese storefronts  expected to be equipped to accept the cryptocurrency by the end of the year. Japan has also become the world’s largest bitcoin market in recent months following the closure of several major Chinese exchanges due to regulatory scrutiny in the country.  Wirex Japan CEO Wataru Kojima sees the country’s regulatory embrace of cryptocurrencies to drive adoption further. The executive stated:  Japan leads the world in bitcoin regulation and our accountants are armed with the tools to accept bitcoin on balance sheets.  Meanwhile, SBI Holdings is developing its  own blockchain-based digital currency  that will be tradeable with the Japanese yen, enabling customers to make store payments and peer-to-peer transactions instantly. SBI Wirex Asia will join  SBI Ripple Asia  as the latest blockchain-centric joint-venture for SBI Holdings.  SBI has also launched its  own digital currency exchange  in Japan and has previously led a record ¥ 3 billion ($27 million) funding round  in Tokyo-based bitFlyer, Japan’s largest bitcoin exchange.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘Nail in the Coffin’: Coinbase to List SegWit2x Chain as ‘Bitcoin2x’ Twitter  Bitcoin exchange Coinbase has reaffirmed its intention to provide support for both Bitcoin blockchains following the SegWit2x hard fork in November. Significantly, the forked blockchain will be listed as Bitcoin2x under the B2X ticker symbol.  Coinbase to List Forked Chain as  ‘Bitcoin2x ’  Coinbase made the announcement in a  blog post , bringing clarity to how it plans to handle the contentious SegWit2x hard fork that will likely result in a blockchain split. Earlier this month, Coinbase had  announced  that it will support both blockchains, but it did not reveal its naming scheme for the two chains  — both of which claim to be “Bitcoin”.  Coinbase is a signatory to the  New York Agreement  (NYA)  — the proposal that put SegWit2x activation into motion  — so many people speculated that, like other NYA signatories, Coinbase would delegate the “Bitcoin” label and “BTC” ticker to the chain with the most accumulated difficulty (indicating more miner support), which proponents believe will be the SegWit2x chain.  However, the company  — which also operates order-book exchange GDAX  — will instead continue to list the incumbent blockchain as Bitcoin under the BTC ticker, while the forked blockchain will be labeled “Bitcoin2x” under the ticker “B2X”. That said, the company also published a  SegWit2x FAQ  in which it stated that it may decide to rename the blockchains in the future if “the SegWit2x change is accepted by most users.”  “This is the nail in the coffin for [SegWit2x],” Blockchain Capital’s Spencer Bogart  wrote  on Twitter, ” implying that the forked blockchain will not succeed if exchanges and services list it as a de fact altcoin rather than  “Bitcoin ”.   No Support for Bitcoin Gold  Coinbase also announced that the company does not currently have plans to support Bitcoin Gold, a soon-to-launch altcoin that will share a blockchain history with bitcoin. Citing concerns about security and stability, Coinbase stated it will reconsider its decision in the future if the cryptocurrency proves to be both valuable and secure.   In that event, the company will credit users with Bitcoin Gold equal to their bitcoin balances at the time of the blockchain snapshot, which took place Tuesday morning.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Blockchain-Based App Munchee Makes Restaurant Reviews More Credible Twitter  Munchee, a blockchain-based social networking app for food reviews, has the potential to make food reviews more credible than existing apps in which reviews can be manipulated. As such, the Munchee app will be used as a marketing tool by restaurants that gain favorable, credible customer ratings.  By using blockchain technology to authenticate reviews, Munchee guarantees that reviews are not altered, censored, hidden or removed.  The Munchee platform will provide a proprietary cryptocurrency token to incentivize both consumers and restaurants to use the app.  In addition, the app’s payment network removes the need for third-party payment networks that charge fees that undermine restaurants’ profits.  Peer Review   A key aspect of the Munchee platform is the peer review system. Every review undergoes peer review by other Munchee users. The system is designed to ensure that only quality restaurant reviews are accepted on the Munchee platform. The system is also designed to prevent invalid or fake reviews, a problem that restaurants recognize with other review apps.  Users must review a post created by another user to gain permission to create their own post and earn MUN tokens.  Each peer review offers the choice to either approve or flag the post. An approval indicates that all required fields in the post are correctly listed, including the name of the restaurant, the name of the dish, the price range, the rating and the review category. The post must also include a photo taken by the user.  An odd number of end users will be chosen at random to review each post.  Once all reviewers have completed the review process, the total number of passes and flags are totaled. If the post passes, the poster is notified and rewards are sent in seven to 10 days. Should it fail, the poster is notified and the post is not published.  Munchee uses machine learning to mine user preferences to suggest suitable reviewers for peer review based on criteria such as location, language, food category, food preference, etc.  Restaurant Reviews Earn Rewards  Munchee users are rewarded with MUN tokens for providing reviews, regardless of their content. The rewards will encourage participation and ensure transparency.  The platform will attract users since they will be able to earn tokens by participating in contributing to the quality of the content in addition to being able to access trusted content.  To encourage customer reviews, the top 20% of users in a 7- to 10-day period will receive additional tokens. These tokens will be offered from Munchee’s token reserve.  Contributors who perform in the top 20% regularly will receive additional tokens. Top tier reviewers are determined based on the number of posted reviews as well as the number of pins and likes they receive in the 7- to 10-day period.  Munchee will store a signature or fingerprint on the user ID, timestamp and hash value of the post on the blockchain, enabling Munchee to verify all reviews.  Other Token Uses  Restaurants will be able to buy MUN tokens and offer them as rewards to customers in exchange for reviews, including photos. Restaurants will also be able to accept MUN tokens as payment.  In addition, restaurants will be able to use MUN tokens to buy advertising on the platform, which will incentivize customer reviews.  Users, for their part, will be able to use the tokens to redeem food and services, including delivery, from restaurants. They will also have the chance to exchange tokens for advertising on the Munchee app, and will be rewarded tokens for referring new users.  In addition to reviews, the Munchee app will provide instant visual search results for specific dishes, and offer information about the price to help users make an informed decision. This feature not only helps the customer make a decision. It also gives restaurants the chance to showcase their dishes.  Token Presale, Sale Slated  There will be a total supply of 500 million MUN tokens, of which 225 million will be listed for sale on a token presale on Oct. 31, 2017 with 275 million MUN held in reserve. The main sale will be on Nov. 8, 2017 or when the hard cap for the presale period is met, whichever comes first.  Within 30 days of the conclusion of the token sale, MUN will be listed on at least one U.S.-based cryptocurrency exchange.  Munchee will offer a 5% referral reward. After buying MUN tokens, the buyer will be given a referral URL that they can send to friends. As a reward for helping, they will get a bonus of 5% of the MUN tokens the referral buys.  The Munchee app completed its closed beta in the fourth quarter of 2016 and its public beta in early 2017. The iOS app launched in the spring of 2017 while the Android will launch at the end of 2017.  The app has more than 3,500 Instagram followers and 16,000 Facebook followers.  
DECREASE	   This Platform Enables Professional Athletes Raise Funds to Finance Their Careers Twitter  Athletes, especially those who are just rising in the sporting industry, face a lot of problems when it comes to funding their training and participation in sporting events across the world. There are big financial barriers for athletes, especially those who are not yet professionals but compete at a quite high level. Basic items such as equipment, cost of registration, travel  cost or communication barriers are just a few of the costs associated with competing at a certain level.  That’s why professional sport has a high entry barrier for participants. But the entry barrier is also high for small investors or fans, who might wish to invest in them. SportyFi seeks to change this by offering a blockchain financing platform. This platform will serve athletes, sports organizations, and sport clubs by enabling them raise funds for their activities. For invest ors, SportyFi will provide a platform for investment in an industry that is worth $620 billion and whose growth rate is on a rise.   SportyFi is a decentralized sports ecosystem that will achieve its goal by creating a Smart Manager Platform and a SportyFi Professional Fund. The system will run on the Ethereum platform, use smart contracts and other advantages that come with using the blockchain system in order to push for transparency and minimize the overhead cost.  SportyFi Smart Manager  The SportyFi’s Smart Manager Platform will facilitate the ecosystem by acting as an intermediary between the athletes/sports organizations and the potential investors. The athletes will be able to upload their profiles stating their current achievements and the sporting plans they might have for their future. Fans and small investors who are currently not able to support these athletes can now get access to their profiles and determine how to invest in them with the goal of possible future returns. The Smart Manager platform will include two main parts: a cryptocurrency financial investment platform and cryptocurrency crowdsourcing donation platform.  SportyFi Professional Fund  The SportyFi Professional Fund will receive part of the funds raised from the Sportyfi’s Token Crowdsale, which is all funds raised above $9 million. This fund will invest in those athletes who have the biggest potential among their profiles in exchange of future returns. SportyFi will form a board of sport experts who will be able to determine who to fund, but the final decision will be made by SportyFI token holders who will steer the fund through DAO voting. The aim of the professional fund will be to facilitate quicker growth of the SportyFi ecosystem.  Token Crowdsale  For the full deployment of this ecosystem, SportyFi will have a Token Crowdsale. During the SPF Token Pre-Crowdsale and the Crowdsale a total of 200 million non-mineable SPF tokens will be issued. Payment of the tokens will be made only through Ethereum. Out of the 200 million SPF tokens, 134 million will be distributed to the public for purchase, 36 million will be distributed among the founders and the team of SportyFi, 20 million will be given to the ambassadors and the advisors of SportyFi while the remaining 10 million will be left for future incentives of the organization. Once you have sent out the Ethereum to the SportyFi address, the smart contract will generate SPF tokens instantly. The sale will last for 17 days and the tokens that have been purchased will be  released to the contributors immediately after the crowdsale is complete. The Token Crowdsale will begin on the 14 th  of November.  SportyFi’s Team and Ambassadors   The team is made up of ten experts. The CEO and Co-founder, Marko Filej is an entrepreneur with wide experiences in the sports industry and he is the man behind the global sports platforms such as: Onlinegym4me and Trainers4Me. Simon Zgavec, the second co-founder and legal and compliance advisor, is an experienced attorney and an expert in the financial and capital markets. The third co-founder is Tomaz Cepoon and he is the operations manager who has worked in many well-known international companies in the areas of marketing and sale. The rest of the team is made of people experienced in either the investment or the sports industry. There are also 4 advisors and 8 ambassadors, including Roberto Carlos, a soccer superstar.His involvement in this platform serves to reiter ate the fact that this is definitely a platform that seeks to change the way global sportsmen/women are empowered.  This presents a great opportunity to back a company that is seeking to transform the sports industry. Estimates show that the global sports industry is worth over USD 500 Billion. Investing wisely and backing up the right players in this industry may result in huge profits in the near future.  Learn more about us by visiting our website or joining our telegram community.  SportyFi website:  https://sportyfi.io/  SportyFi Telegram community:  https://t.me/sportyfi_official  
DECREASE	   Confideal Smart Contracts Will Jumpstart ICOs Twitter  This is a sponsored story.  As a platform for creating smart contracts, Confideal could create a new level of confidence for ICOs, a rapidly growing source of fund raising for startups.  While ICOs are expanding, having raised more than a billion dollars for startups in the past year, according to Inc. Magazine, they represent a new and complex opportunity for many prospective investors.  A smart contract can ensure an investor abides by the requirements an ICO. For example, if a user knows a date by which they need to invest in an ICO to qualify for a first investor discount, a smart contract can automatically send the funds to the ICO wallet by the required time.  Because of the versatility of Confideal smart contracts, these contracts will facilitate transactions in industries where confidentiality, security, economy and ease of use are important.  The ability to automatically initiate and participate in ICOs represents an important Confideal use case.  Confideal provides tools to automatically create, maintain and fulfill contracts using ERC-20 tokens. Once a smart contract is deployed, it is immutable, so all counterparties can be certain the contract will only be fulfilled or broken.  Fulfilling ICO Requirements  A smart contract initiating an ICO can specify the method of listing the ICO’s requirements and of reporting on its progress. If an investor wants to deposit a sum in a smart contract, Confideal allows the investor to send the funds in the manner specified by the ICO.  A smart contract can provide program code to a repository, provide a link to a file stored online, send photo or video content by email, and perform other online tasks related to the ICO.  The terms of the smart contract are established prior to the investment transaction. The fulfillment of the contract is ensured by the software code without human intervention.  All transactions on the Confideal platform are made with cryptocurrencies, removing payment restrictions.  Specifying the communication method is important in an ICO contract should issues arise that might require arbitration, in which case an arbiter will examine the communication among the parties in the channels that were listed in the contract.  Confideal ICO Coming Soon  Confideal’s own ICO will begin Nov. 2, 2017. Funds raised will be used for product development, maintenance, operations, marketing, customer development, legal fees and a reserve fund.  The total CDL token supply will be capped at 100 million units or less, depending on the distribution of bonus tokens during the ICO. Only redeemed tokens will be in circulation. There will be no release of new tokens after the ICO.  Bonuses for the purchase of CDL tokens during the ICO will be 25% for zero to 5% of tokens sold, 12% bonus for 6% to 26%, 8% bonus for 27% to 42%, 5% bonus for 43% to 56%, and 3% bonus for 57% to 69%.  Most CDL tokens will be created during the ICO. One thousand CDL tokens will be equivalent to one Ether.  Other Tokens Accepted  Confideal will buy CDL tokens in exchange for ERC20 tokens of other projects (Bancor, Aragon, BAT, Gnosis etc.), provided the amount of those tokens is enough to conduct the exchange. Other projects’ tokens will be accumulated when a contract is paid for in one of those tokens on the Confideal platform.  Buying CDL will be possible during the ICO or later on the online cryptocurrency exchanges.  The tokens will be stored by Confideal in order to guarantee the option of exchange. This way, should a CDL holder wish to get rid of their stake, they will be granted an option to exchange them for a different RC20 token. The token holder will be able to exchange CDL tokens and get 1 CDL to 1.5 ERC20 token.  For more information visit the  website .  Or join Telegram:  https://t.me/confidealioeng  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price to Hit $50,000  & Catch Apple ’s $800 Billion Market Cap by 2022, Says Previously Accurate Analyst Twitter  An analyst who previously predicted bitcoin price to hit $5,000 this year, has gone bullish again to claim bitcoin will overtake Apple’s $800 billion market cap within five years.  Earlier in June, stock analyst and founder of Standpoint Research Ronnie Moas  predicted  bitcoin price to hit $5,000 within a few months at a time when the cryptocurrency was trading near $2,600. Now, the stock picker has hedged his bet on the cryptocurrency market to hit $2 trillion in the coming years that will effectively see bitcoin rise to 12x its price today above $50,000  Appearing in a media interview with CNBC’s “ Capital Connection ” today, Moas put the spotlight on $200 trillion in the combined global markets of gold, stocks, bonds and cash. All of which he would be shunning, for bitcoin.  He stated:  I’m not excited about putting my money in any four of those options right now. If 1% of that $200 trillion finds its way into cryptocurrency in the next 10 years, you will be looking at a $2 trillion valuation, 12x what it is today, and that will drive bitcoin price above $50,000.  “You have a supply-demand equation here that is mind-boggling. There will be a situation in a couple of years where there are 200 million people around the world trying to get their hands on a few million bitcoins,” he explained. “That is going to drive price to $50,000 – a $1 trillion dollar valuation [of bitcoin] which is less than 15% of what gold is at today.”  Moas was asked about his take on recent criticism from JPMorgan chief Jamie Dimon who labeled bitcoin a ‘ fraud ’ and billionaire Saudi investor Prince Alwaleed bin Talal who said bitcoin will ‘ implode ’ like Enron.  The stock analyst said these critics are “heavily invested in publicly-traded US banks”, banks which are “threatened” by bitcoin.  He added:  So, I don’t expect those people to come out and recommend [anyone] to buy bitcoin, because that hurts their business.  Moas went on to add that 95% of the 1000+ cryptocurrencies are pump-and-dump scam operations, similar to the dot-com bubble from the 90s. His focus only extends to the top 20 cryptocurrencies which make up over 90% of the total cryptocurrency market cap. At the time of publishing, the total crypto market cap stands at $170 billion, according to data from  Coinmarketcap .  Moas went on to add, bullishly:  People need to start taking this seriously because today bitcoin caught up with Goldman Sachs. Within five years, it’s going to catch Apple, which has an $800 billion market cap.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Slips below $5,700 Following Bitcoin Gold Fork; Traders Turn to Altcoins Twitter  The bitcoin price dropped below $5,700 on Tuesday, as traders rebalanced their portfolios to stake larger positions in altcoins following the  Bitcoin Gold  hard fork. The ethereum price saw an 8% recovery, while two top 10 cryptocurrencies  — Dash and NEO  — posted double-digit increases.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Altogether, the cryptocurrency market cap added about $700 million on Tuesday, even as bitcoin dropped more than 3%. After beginning the day at $166.8 billion, the total cryptocurrency market cap ebbed and flowed but eventually ticked up to a present value of $169.5 billion.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Dips Following Bitcoin Gold Fork  As CCN has  reported , a Hong Kong developer intends to create an altcoin that shares a blockchain history with Bitcoin. To do this, the developer creates a  “snapshot ” of the blockchain at a specific moment in time; that snapshot will serve as the starting point for Bitcoin Gold, even though transactions continue to occur on the original Bitcoin blockchain in the meantime.  The Bitcoin Gold blockchain snapshot took place early Tuesday morning, so, as with the Bitcoin Cash fork on August 1, users who held bitcoin balances at the time of the fork will receive an equivalent amount of bitcoin gold following its official launch. Even though almost nobody expects bitcoin gold to amount to much, traders had been accumulating bitcoins prior to the snapshot to maximize any potential profits they can extract from the fork.  Now that the snapshot has taken place, traders can sell their bitcoins without missing out on the bitcoin gold airdrop, and they began to do so immediately almost immediately after the fork.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  A few hours prior to the fork, the bitcoin price was trading as high as $5,984. As soon as the fork occurred, the bitcoin price began to plunge, eventually reaching as low as $5,580. The bitcoin price has since recovered to a present value of $5,690, but this nevertheless represents a 24-hour decline of 3.5%. Bitcoin now has a market cap of $94.7 billion.  Ethereum Price Recovers Past $300  The ethereum price had been in decline since the  activation of the Byzantium  protocol upgrade last week, but it finally began to recover on Tuesday as traders began to explore potential avenues for profit outside of bitcoin. After beginning the day at $289 and dipping as low as $278 Monday evening, the ethereum price reversed its trajectory and leaped across the $300 threshold. At present, the ethereum price is trading at $308; this represents a daily increase of 8% and translates into a $29.4 billion market cap.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Altcoins Back in Style  Ethereum was not the only cryptocurrency that saw a recovery on Tuesday. Every top 10 altcoin, excluding bitconnect, made positive movement for the day.  Altcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The ripple price rose 6%, bringing the third-ranked cryptocurrency ’s market cap back above the $8 billion mark. The bitcoin cash price increased by 2% to $330, and the litecoin price rose 6% to $58. Sixth-ranked dash achieved a 10% bump, bringing its price to $295 and market cap to $2.3 billion.  Dash Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  NEM rose 5% to $0.213, and NEO surged by 12% to raise its price to $31. Bitconnect declined by 3%, reducing its price to $197, and monero rounded out the top 10 with a 5% price increase to $90  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Dips Below $5,800, While Ethereum Recovers Beyond $300 Twitter  Earlier today, on October 24, the bitcoin price dipped below $5,800 for the first time since October 19, due to the market’s decline in support for the upcoming Bitcoin Gold hard fork.   Meanwhile, the price of Ether, the native cryptocurrency of Ethereum, has recovered beyond the $300 mark, as  previously suggested  by CCN. WIth optimism surrounding the recent Byzantium hard fork and the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA), Ether has sustained its upward trend in the short-term.  “In the mid-term, the success of the Byzantium hard fork and rapid adoption of the Ethereum network will allow Ether to rebound and recover in value.”   Bitcoin Price is Struggling, is Bitcoin Gold a Major Factor?  Prominent and highly regarded bitcoin analysts and investors including Tuur Demeester and Spencer Bogart have emphasized that the upcoming Bitcoin Gold hard fork has caused the price of bitcoin to remain below the $6,000 mark, as traders move their funds from other alternative cryptocurrencies (altcoins) and digital assets.  Bogart, the head of research at Blockchain Capital, stated:   I see you traders: On the chart the coins in the green are the ones that people rotated into when they moved out of BTC following Gold fork  pic.twitter.com/jMAHgFSWBA  — Spencer Bogart (@CremeDeLaCrypto)  October 24, 2017   Bitcoin holders prior to the Bitcoin Gold hard fork that is expected to occur in late November will be credited with BCG in 1:1 ratio by most exchanges and wallets such as Trezor and Bittrex. But, the Bitcoin Gold has to implement strong replay protection to ensure bitcoin holders can receive Bitcoin Gold safely. Without replay protection, as the Trezor development team noted, the process of retrieving Bitcoin Gold could endanger existing bitcoins  “Bitcoin Gold’s codebase is, at the moment of the writing, incomplete. Most importantly, it lacks replay protection. For this reason, TREZOR Wallet will not support Bitcoin Gold yet, as it would endanger your bitcoins. Replay protection prevents a transaction on the Bitcoin Gold chain from being re-transmitted on the Bitcoin chain and vice versa,”  explained  the Trezor development team.  Consequently, many users, traders, and investors opted to distribute their funds across many altcoins and digital assets, to prevent being affected by the Bitcoin Gold hard fork.  Demeester also stated that traders should expect a similar trend in mid-November, when the SegWit2x hard fork is expected to occur. He explained,  “I expect a similar effect post the B2X fork November 16:  ‘pent up bitcoins ’ being redistributed into alts (e.g. LTC). ”  Ethereum Successfully Recovers Beyond $300, What’s Next?  Ethereum has struggled to rebound in the past week, and has always dipped below the $290 mark. Today, the price of Ether soared to $311, demonstrating upward momentum for the first time since late September.   Prior to the imposition of a nationwide ban on cryptocurrency trading and initial coin offerings (ICOs) by the Chinese government, the price of Ether neared the $400 region. Recently, the market has gained confidence over the mid-term growth of Ether, given that Ethereum has executed its Byzantium hard fork, second-layer solutions like Plasma are expected to be integrated, and decentralized applications are seeing commercial success.  In the upcoming weeks, it is likely that the Ether price could eye $350 as short-term target, as analysts suggest. Apart from ICOs, which have not seem much progress over the past few months, innovative decentralized applications such as EtherDelta have started to account for a large portion of Ethereum ’s transactions, which can be considered as a positive indicator for Ethereum ’s mid-term future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   (+) Cryptocurrency Analysis: Altcoins Surge as Bitcoin Forks Again Twitter  
DECREASE	   Stampery Demonstrates Timestamping on Public Blockchains like Bitcoin and Litecoin Twitter  Stampery, a blockchain startup, has demonstrated that timestamping on public blockchains can be made possible through robust software and actual immutable platforms without the necessity of permissioned and centralized blockchain networks.  Utilization of Secure Public Blockchains Like Bitcoin and Ethereum Instead of Permissioned Ledgers  For many years, since 2014, various blockchain consortia and multi-billion dollar conglomerates have focused on the development of flexible permissioned ledgers to utilize blockchain technology as a database with cryptographic proof and unalterable ledger Most recently, Pfizer and Genentech, two pharmaceutical giants with a combined market cap of $300 billion, announced the rel ease of the MediLedger project that utilizes JPMorgan’s Ethereum Go-inspired permissioned blockchain network Quorum to run the supply chains within the global pharmaceutical industry.  Last month, Genentech senior vice president of Managed Care and Operations, Marc Watrous,  stated:  “Ensuring the safety of people receiving our medicines is of utmost importance to us. We look forward to exploring the potential benefits that this pilot could provide in protecting our medicines across the entire supply chain.”  But, if the purpose of the MediLedger project is to prevent counterfeit medicine and pills from entering the large supply chains of pharmaceutical companies, it is possible to use some of the most secure and robust decentralized infrastructures in Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, and Ethereum Classic to achieve the same result.   Some startups and blockchain platforms like Stampery allow anyone in the network to peg data to the four abovementioned blockchain networks simultaneously. Stampery recently integrated Litecoin, to secure data of its users and clients through a variety of public blockchain networks that are unalterable and immutable.  “Since 2011, Litecoin has proved to be one of the most viable public blockchain projects and to have a community that embraces innovation like no other. Effective today, all data certified via Stampery will be anchored simultaneously to four public blockchains without additional cost: Bitcoin, LItecoin, Ethereum, and Ethereum Classic,”  said  the Stampery team.  Possibility of Pegging Chunks of Data Simultaneously to Major Public Blockchain Networks  For large-scale companies and projects, it will be more practical and secure to process information through platforms like Stampery that rely on the security of the largest blockchain networks in the world in terms of hash power and market value, rather than allocating resources on the development of permissioned ledgers that are still yet to be proven and commercialized in rea l-world applications.  Because permissioned ledgers are centralized to a certain extent in that several participants or actors within the network have more power than others, there would be minimal difference in integrating advanced encryption methods and cryptographic systems into existing database technologies from implementing permissioned blockchain networks.  If companies are seeking to prioritize security, it is vital to utilize public blockchains like Bitcoin that have been proven to be immutable and resilient to attacks. Most importantly, public blockchain networks are being run by decentralized ecosystems of developers, miners, users, and businesses, as their own unique economies.  As the Bank of Finland research paper  read:  “Bitcoin is a monopoly run by a protocol, not by a managing organization. Familiar monopolies are run by managing organizations with discretion to determine and then change prices, offerings and rules. Monopolies are often regulated to prevent or at least mitigate their abuse of power. Bitcoin is not regulated. It cannot be regulated. There is no need to regulate it because as  a system it is committed to the protocol as is and the transaction fees it charges the users are determined by the users independently of the miners’ efforts.”  At the current stage, it would not be possible for public blockchain networks to process massive amounts of data at the level of centralized platforms such as Visa and PayPal. However, it is also impractical to peg each piece of data to a blockchain network and transactions. Companies could possibly look into pegging chunks of data into the bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, and Ethe reum Classic blockchains through startups like Stampery.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin-Bashing Saudi Prince Alwaleed Arrested for Money Laundering Twitter  Billionaire investor and bitcoin basher Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has been arrested for financial crimes including money laundering, bribery, and extortion.  As Reuters  reports , Prince Alwaleed, a member of the extended Saudi Arabian royal family, was detained over the weekend at the order of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the chair of an anti-corruption committee established by his father, the king. The crackdown rounded up dozens of other officials, including another 10 princes as well as four ministers.  The Saudi government explained that the arrests were the result of “exploitation by some of the weak souls who have put their own interests above the public interest, in order to, illicitly, accrue money.” However, many analysts theorized that the move had a political motive, namely to help Salman secure his status as the crown prince following the June palace coup that raised  him to this position.  Alwaleed  — nicknamed the “Arabian Warren Buffet”   — is a billionaire investor and businessmen. He owns a majority stake Kingdom Holding Company, a Forbes Global 2000 company that has a market cap of $33.6 billion and holds large positions in Citigroup, 21st Century Fox, and Twitter.  The anti-corruption commission has the authority to seize his assets, although it claims that it has not yet done so.  The prince’s arrest for money laundering and other financial crimes is ironic, considering his  recent criticisms  of bitcoin. Last month, Prince Alwaleed stated that he agreed with JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon, who famously called bitcoin a “ fraud ” that is “worth nothing”. Decrying the lack of regulation governing cryptocurrency, he argued that bitcoin is “Enron in the making” and will inevitably implode.  Perhaps this “hard time” will cause him to reassess his position on uncensorable assets like bitcoin  — or not, because he and the other detained princes are reportedly being held at the Ritz Carlton and other five star hotels in Riyadh.  
DECREASE	   Open Trading Network Utilizes a Decentralized Exchange to Connect Different Blockchains Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  The  Open Trading Network  seeks to connect the whole crypto world. One important service of the organization is to provide an option for a decentralized exchange.  Open Trading Network seeks to make the world more open for all market participants including ordinary people who are not (yet) part of the cryptocurrency space. One of the main goals of the organization is to create a set of market applications, which can be used effectively to various tasks, including managing all of a user’s crypto assets, performing cross-market transactions , securely storing savings, accessing the global marketplace, easily working with tokenized loyalty systems, and conducting purchases from a crypto wallet. The Open Trading Network’s main principles are transparency and speed, which can be utilized for organizations to easily and conveniently enter the cryptocurrency market, transit to a new ecosystem, and to provide regulatory  tools for the authorities.  The Open Trading Network, which was created in partnership with the trading business IQ Option, operates a crypto exchange platform within a decentralized trustless network without a central hub in a quick, secure and transparent manner. The Open Trading Network also operates a universal wallet service where users can store all of their different cryptocurrencies in one place a nd can get informed about which is the best cryptocurrency to pay for a particular purchase, along with converting the coins through the Open Trading Network.  With a clear vision and competent team along with the necessary partnerships and funding, the Open Trading Network’s main intention is to combine isolated blockchain projects into a unified network so all of the blockchains can easily communicate with each other. The Open Trading Network’s platform will serve for the tokenization of real world and crypto assets with the capabil ities of fully insured inter-network exchanges. All this, in a decentralized manner.  Apart from the exchange and the wallet, the Open Trading Network offers services to businesses too. Utilizing the power of smart contracts and a user-friendly interface, the business application will be used to various operations, such as crowdfunding, issuing tokens and listing the digital currencies instantly on exchanges, issuing tokenized loyalty cards, tokenization of serv ices, integrating payment schemes, and even connecting custom centralized matching engines.  The OTN Depository serves for the storage of assets in the depository’s accounts, while, at the same time, guaranteeing the security of the tokenized assets in the Open Trading Network. The organization will create a separate application for managing, analyzing the depository and for monitoring the profits.  OTN’s price, the cryptocurrency powering the Open Trading Network’s ecosystem, can be easily checked every time by navigating to coinmarketcap.com. Users can also trade OTN on various cryptocurrency exchanges, such as livecoin or cryptopia.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Gold Hard Fork Draws Mixed Reactions Twitter  The Bitcoin Gold hard fork that  caused a minor, temporary dip in bitcoin’s price a couple weeks  ago has drawn both “boos” and “bravos” from the cryptocurrency community. Most observers voiced no problem with hard forks as a tool for competition and experimentation, but some see forks as compromising the perception of bitcoin’s limited supply, which they view as critical to its underlying value.  After debuting near $500 on Oct. 24, Bitcoin Gold (BTG), an altcoin that — like Bitcoin Cash — has a shared blockchain history with bitcoin, saw its price fall to $136 in two days — even amid buying pressure from margin traders who wanted to purchase it to pay back lenders. The price has stabilized since that time, standing at $140.63 on Nov. 5, according to coinmarketcap.com.  Many in the bitcoin community were quick to criticize Bitcoin Gold  because of what they saw as its impractical idea to decentralize bitcoin mining, and also due to its plans to premine the cryptocurrency. Many investors, traders, developers and users do not welcome the concept of premining a cryptocurrency before its launch because it leads to a centralization of funds before the launch.  Nevertheless, several exchanges — including Bitfinex and HitBTC —  have credited  their users with BTG balances and added trading pairs, although they cannot enable deposits or withdrawals until after the mainnet is stable.  Forks Serve A Purpose  “There is no such thing as a “bad fork,” Bob Summerwill, chief blockchain developer at Sweetbridge, a blockchain alliance, said in a prepared statement. “You don ’t have to cheer one team or the other. Experimentation and competition are good. Let the market decide, and participate where you see value.”  Summerwill said the ETH/ETC split indicated that minority chains are viable.  “The ETH/ETC split was very healthy for the community,” Summerwill said. “The Ethereum community moved on to mainstream adoption, and the Ethereum Classic community took control of its own destiny and took the code the way they wanted as well. I think that the chain splits will be healthy for the bitcoin community for the same reason.”  Splits happen periodically in all open-source communities, Summerwill said. Sometimes there are genuine differences of opinion, and network effects are not enough to keep everybody together, so a group secedes.  “This is how humans work,” he said. “It is a beautiful thing.”  Rob Viglione, co-founder of ZenCash, a privacy coin for borderless, decentralized communications and transactions, takes a similar view.  “Open-source ecosystems are designed to evolve, whether that ’s through in-project improvements or forks in which the entire code base goes in an incompatible direction,” Viglione said. “Evolution is a messy process, so it doesn ’t always turn out well, but sometimes that ’s the only way to have big breakthroughs.  Viglione said it is not clear that swapping SHA-256 for Equihash mining is sufficiently value-added to warrant a new coin, especially since Zcash already did it last year, but it’s ultimately up to the stakeholders.  Can Forks Hurt Bitcoin?  Sol Lederer, blockchain director at Loomia, a technology company creating smart products secured through blockchain technology, holds a different view.  “These forks are very bad for bitcoin,” Lederer said. “Saturating the market with different versions of bitcoin is confusing to users, and discredits the claim that there are a limited number of bitcoins – since you can always fork it and double the supply.”  Lederer is troubled by the fact that the spinoffs spring from a minor debate on how to handle the block size limit.  “Instead of coming to agreement, the community, developers and code are fracturing into different groups,” he said. “We ’re learning that while a blockchain gives you consensus on a distributed ledger, it does not give you consensus on the code base, that is what code to run. This does not bode well for bitcoin ’s future, where it will face new and bigger challenges requiring further upgrades to the code base.”  Forks Will Continue  Expect more such forks in the future, says Taulant Ramabaja, chief technology officer at ULedger, a blockchain based solution for data assurance, storage and other services. He said the bitcoin ecosystem has a triangle of three veto powers: 1) the miners, 2) the exchanges and 3) the wallets (without key ownership).  “For any fork to become dominant in the future, a sufficiently large part of all three need to jump ship,” Ramabaja said. “This is highly unlikely, and therefore bitcoin favors the status quo.”  However, once Bitcoin Lightning based exchanges and wallets come online, this picture can change as the roles of exchanges and wallets will change, Ramabaja said.  Also read:  Fool ’s gold? Bitcoin Gold price drops 62% in first day of trading  Forks Have Shortcomings  Luis Cuende, co-founder and project lead at Aragon, a decentralized platform for building and managing organizations and companies, supports the goal of decentralizing bitcoin as much as possible, but he has issues with Bitcoin Gold since it doesn’t have replay protection, which makes it unsafe for bitcoin users.  Abhishek Pitti, founder and CEO of Nucleus, a provider of sensor technology that uniquely identifies users and senses pressure, motion and acceleration, believes the upcoming SegWit2x hard fork presents a serious risk to the bitcoin ecosystem due to its lack of backward compatibility or replay protection, with major developers and exchanges refusing to support it.  “On the flip side, I understand the argument presented in the form of ‘decentralization of bitcoin mining’ to people with GPUs, rather than the ASIC mining scene, which has become very centralized,” Pitti said. “Proponents of this idea believe that Bitcoin Gold can help bring mining back into the power of the common users.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   “As Soon as Possible”: Iran Lays Groundwork for Bitcoin Adoption Twitter  The Iranian government is reportedly laying the infrastructure for bitcoin users in a move that could see the cryptocurrency gain status as legal tender in the country.  In an interview published in Farsi newspaper  Shargh  in late October, Iran’s Minister of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) Amir Hossein Davaee revealed a concentrated effort by the ICT ministry to prepare the country for adopting bitcoin as a currency.  As quoted by the  Iran Front Page  in translated statements, the ICT minister stated:  The ministry of communications and information technology has already conducted a number of research studies as part of efforts to prepare the infrastructure to use Bitcoin inside the country.  The Iranian official specifically underlined a focus on the economic and infrastructural aspects of the potential inherent in cryptocurrencies. Adopting digital infrastructure will help the general interests of Iran, the official said.  He went on to add that a revamp of the current digital infrastructure to accommodate cryptocurrencies like bitcoin is among the ministry’s core objectives.  We (the ICT) as the main centre in Iran dealing with the country’s technology developments have taken very seriously the issue of preparing the infrastructure for the new currency.  Iran has suffered banking blackouts brought on by economic sanctions in the past and is understandably looking at new financial technologies, like cryptocurrencies, to forego its reliance on a dollar and fiat centric economic system. In 2012, global payments rail SWIFT removed Iran from its network of global banks, effectively disconnecting Iran’s banking system from global com merce. The impact was  also felt  on global businesses engaging in transactions with parties in Iran via bitcoin.  Iran’s banks were finally reconnected to SWIFT last year after sanctions imposed on Tehran were lifted after former US president Obama’s  nuclear deal  with Iran in January 2016.  That nuclear deal was recently  disavowed  by current US President Trump less than a month ago.  In his recent comments, ICT Minister Davaee notably added:  Arrangements are being made with the related organizations to put together the infrastructure as early as possible.  Iran’s research into revamping its digital infrastructure to accommodate cryptocurrencies comes at a time amid speculation of Catalonia  adopting its own cryptocurrency .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin is “Clearly in a Bubble”: Societe Generale Deputy CEO Twitter  As bitcoin price continues to trade at unprecedented levels near $7,500, the deputy chief executive of French banking giant Societe Generale has opined the cryptocurrency is in a bubble.  In an interview with  Bloomberg , Societe Generale deputy CEO Severin Cabannes was asked about bitcoin’s market valuation in a year where the decentralized cryptocurrency has gained over 650% in value, so far.  The banking executive claimed bitcoin is in a bubble while adding that the bank is neither investing nor interested in the cryptocurrency.  Cabannes stated:  Bitcoin today, is in my view, clearly in a bubble…very clearly. But we don’t know very well what are the market drivers behind this price valuation.  Cabannes comments mirror those offered by Swiss banking giant Credit Suisse CEO Tidjane Thiam who  claimed  bitcoin was “the very definition” of a bubble, last week.  Bitcoin’s ongoing rally is fueled by the CME group’s plan to introduce bitcoin futures before the end of the year. The world’s largest exchange owner’s intention to list a bitcoin futures contract has led speculators to bullishly  predict  the “opening of floodgates of institutional demand”, making bitcoin “attractive” to Wall Street.  Still, bitcoin continues to have detractors despite growing awareness and adoption of cryptocurrencies globally as a method of payment and a store of value among retail everyday investors. JP Morgan chief executive Jamie Dimon dismissed bitcoin as a “ fraud ” and threatened to fire employees adopting or trading the cryptocurrency.  Meanwhile, Cabannes revealed Societe Generale is “very interested, not in bitcoin, but in blockchain technology” pointing to endeavors such as trialing a blockchain-powered  trading of liquified natural gas  in the global trading arena as well as other prototypes “within the bank.”  He went on to add:  We are not really very keen to invest in bitcoin, but we are very keen to invest in blockchain technology.  Featured image from YouTube/ Bloomberg .  
DECREASE	   Boston Fed Official: Blockchain Can Fundamentally Change Payments Twitter  Jim Cunha, senior vice president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, thinks distributed ledger technology ( DLT ) will have major implications on the U.S. payment system, in addition to financial regulations and cybersecurity. The Boston Fed posted Cunha’s comments on its  website .  A 33-year  Fed  veteran, Cunha said DLT can fundamentally change many areas of financial services, including payments. Other areas of change will include sales and post-trade processing of securities, including trade finance, supply chain and derivatives.  Experimentation Mostly Outside U.S.  Most of the experimentation to date has been done in interbank settlement and cross-border activity, Cunha said. And because most of the activity is happening outside the U.S., there is potential for change in the U.S.  There are currently production applications in the cross-border space, he said, but experiments and research are only taking place in the interbank settlements area.  The Boston Fed has already worked on new payment technology, including original research and development in check imaging technology, which is the chip-based prepaid card the Fed has provided to the U.S. military, he noted. The Fed has also participated in the Mobile Payment Industry Working Group, through which it has examined e-money, cryptocurrencies and DLT.  “Broadly, we want to understand how it can impact the payment industry since our mission is to ensure the efficiency, safety, and accessibility of payments in the U.S.—and to see if it is a technology that we should employ in our own systems,” he said.  Many institutions are experimenting with DLT, he said, so the Boston Fed needs to assess the pros and cons of the technology and ensure that the institutions are doing the same.  Also read:  Bank of England, Boston Fed join Hyperledger blockchain project  Numerous Technologies Emerging  DLT is one of several technologies changing the financial landscape, Cunha said. There are other interesting areas impacting financial services, he said, such as  artificial intelligence , machine learning, natural language processing, data analytics and robotics, which include both software automation of processes and physical robots.  When combining these technologies with new chip technology, innovations such as the Internet of Things emerges. While the technologies are interesting, the greater challenge is to find the proper business cases and demonstrate the technology can work in an efficient and effective manner.  Federal Reserve Tower Boston image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Is Bitcoin Becoming Harder to Spend Amid All-Time Highs? Twitter  Despite bitcoin enjoying an upward rise in value, the digital currency is getting harder to spend, according to Canadian reporter Don Pittis.  In 2010, Laszlo Hanyecz made history when he became the first person to purchase two Domino ’s pizzas for 10,000 bitcoins. At the time, the value of the coins were worth very little. Now, though, one bitcoin is  trading around $6,600 .  According to Pittis, a reporter for  CBCNews , though, while bitcoin may seem like a success, he thinks that it has derailed from its initial purpose.  He writes:   For all intents and purposes, a bitcoin has become the currency that ’s hard to spend.  Pittis claims that in a wage economy the purpose and value of money have two factors, one of which is a store of value. When it comes to this factor, Pittis states that the digital currency has fulfilled its function. However, when it relates to a measure of pricing and exchange, he believes that the cryptocurrency has failed.  He adds:  Trying to price your goods or services in bitcoins is a fool ’s errand.  The solution would be to have a value of bitcoin in fiat currency, writes Pittis. According to him, it is the U.S. dollar and gold that remain relatively stable, claiming that bitcoin is  ‘merely a speculative investment. ’  ‘It is well known that stable pricing is essential to a health economy ’, he writes, with the effect of changing prices having impacted many societies around the world. One of the more famous often cited is the Dutch tulip mania during the 17th century, which Pittis refers to in his article.  One has to wonder, though, if he actually gets the digital currency. He writes that cryptocurrencies only retain their worth where anonymity is paramount. Yes, they may be used on the dark web to evade identity, but so is cash used amongst those who want to evade an electronic trail.  But, the use of bitcoin is also aiding those in countries which are facing an economic crisis. Take Venezuela, for instance. Hyperinflation and government policies are preventing most people from accessing foreign currency. As a result, they are  turning to cryptocurrencies  such as bitcoin and dash to buy food and groceries from abroad. As Western Union and PayPal don ’t operate in Venezuela, thousands are relying on platforms such as Cryptobuyer, a Venezuela-based cryptocurrency brokerage, which has over 10,000 registered users.  They then use their bitcoins to acquire gift cards which they can use in online marketplaces such as Amazon, allowing them to purchase goods from abroad.  For the people of Venezuela, the use of bitcoin isn ’t getting harder to use at all. For them, it ’s a lifeline.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Stabilizes at $7,300 After Achieving a New All-Time High Twitter  The bitcoin price has demonstrated a minor correction subsequent to achieving a new all-time high on November 5, declining from over $7,500 to $7,270 within the past 24 hours.   Yesterday,  CCN reported  that the bitcoin price officially achieved a new all-time high at $7,598, with upward momentum triggered by the entrance of institutional and retail investors from the traditional financial industry.  Specifically, a CCN report revealed that investors from two major bitcoin markets in Japan and South Korea, who are well known to be overly conservative with their investments, have started to convert to bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market.   “In Japan and South Korea, two regions in Asia that are known to have extremely conservative investors and traders, have seen an exponential increase in the demand for bitcoin from local traders. In an interview with Nathaniel Poppers of the New York Times in October, Korbit founder and CEO Tony Lyu emphasized that once people are invested in South Korea, they encourage others to join the ‘party,’” the report  read.  Is a Minor Correction Beneficial For Mid-Term Bitcoin Price Trend?  Evidently, the demand for bitcoin from both institutional and individual investors in major regions such as the US, South Korea, Japan, and Europe has increased at a rapid rate over the past month, likely due to the maturation of the bitcoin exchange market and its increasing liquidity.  However, the price of bitcoin has increased by substantial margins in a relatively short period, as the bitcoin price surged from $4,400 to $7,598 in the past 30 days. That is, more than a $3,100 increase in the price of bitcoin within a one-month span.  Many analysts including Wall Street strategist of Fundstrat Tom Lee cautioned investors in regards to a correction that has been long overdue. The bitcoin price has increased from $4,400 to $7,598 without any minor corrections over the past four weeks, which should be considered as an unstable price trend even with the consideration of bitcoin’s exponential growth.  Historically, minor corrections have helped bitcoin stabilize its price in the short-term and regain upward momentum to initiate new rallies. With CME’s bitcoin futures exchange expected to launch by the end of this month, the bitcoin price could gear towards a new all-time high in the upcoming weeks, despite the scheduled November 16 hard fork of SegWit2x. But, several prominent experts including Litecoin creator and former Coinbase executive Charlie Lee emphasized that the hard fork could lead to a major correction of bitcoin price, if investors reallocate their funds from bitcoin to other alternative cryptocurrencies after the hard fork.  Will SegWit2x Hard Fork Lead to a Major Correction?  Lee noted that many investors might have migrated their funds from altcoins to bitcoin to obtain the SegWit2x tokens or B2X after the November 16 hard fork. If that is the case, Lee expects the bitcoin price to decline upon the fork.   I 'm 99% sure after the B2X hardfork, BTC will flow back to LTC  & altcoins and will pump. But not selling BTC b/c I want free airdrop. 🤔🤦‍♂️😂  — Charlie Lee [LTC] (@SatoshiLite)  November 5, 2017   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Bull Raises Bitcoin Price Target to $11,000 Twitter  Bitcoin bull Ronnie Moas has raised his 2018 bitcoin price target to $11,000.  Moas, a respected market analyst at Standpoint Research, believes that recent announcements such as the introduction of  bitcoin futures contracts  by derivatives exchange operator CME Group will accelerate the pace of global bitcoin adoption ahead of his already-bullish target.  “Every day more headlines are hitting the newswires on crypto,” Moas  wrote  in a note emailed to clients. “More countries are embracing it and the few obstacles that were standing in the way are falling down like dominoes.”  This is not the only time Moas has raised his bitcoin price target in recent months. Earlier this year, he set a $5,000 bitcoin price target, which he later raised to $7,500 during the market’s Q3 surge. Now, as the bitcoin price approaches that revised target, he has written a note to Standpoint clients advising them that he believes the bitcoin price will hit $11,000 in 2018.  But Moas does not think bitcoin will stop there. He expects that within 10 years at least 1% of all capital – an estimated $200 trillion – will move into crypto assets, raising the total cryptocurrency market cap tenfold to $2 trillion. Assuming bitcoin holds a 50% market share, the bitcoin price would be roughly $50,000. That’s his conservative estimate.  My aggressive crypto market cap target is actually 2% within 5 years that would put the industry at $4 trillion dollars and bitcoin would be at 2 trillion (if it holds a 50% market share),” Moas continued. “The price would then be $120,000 and only 25% of where the gold market is today. Many people believe that Bitcoin will eventually catch up to gold($8 trillion) and I would n ot argue with that. $8 trillion would get bitcoin to $500,000.”  Bitcoin Not a Bubble  Elsewhere in the note, Moas addresses the litany of recent criticisms from entrenched financiers. Although Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein says he is  “open” to bitcoin , other leading investment bankers have been far less conciliatory. UBS has called the market a “ speculative bubble ”, while JPMorgan head Jamie Dimon has lambasted it as an outright “ fraud ”.  Moas writes that these criticisms do not deter him from his positive outlook.  “What would we expect them to say?” he wrote. They’re “heavily invested in the publicly traded U.S. banks that are threatened by cryptocurrency. Bitcoin is not a scam and it is not in a bubble. You are more likely to find scams and bubbles in the U.S. stock market.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   33% of Younger Americans Plan to Invest in Ethereum: Survey Twitter  Younger Americans are far more likely to invest in ethereum, bitcoin, and other cryptocurrencies than people from older age groups.  According to a  survey  commissioned by student loan consolidation service LendEDU and conducted by OnePoll, American adults between the ages of 18 and 34 are much more aware of cryptocurrencies than older generations and are consequently much more likely to invest in crypto assets.  Following up a September survey that gauged interest in Bitcoin, LendEDU asked 1,000 U.S. citizens about their familiarity with ethereum and ripple, the second- and third-largest cryptocurrencies by market cap, as well as initial coin offerings (ICOs).  About 32% of respondents stated that they had heard of  ethereum , with 18% adding that they planned to purchase ether as an investment. Twenty-two percent said that they had heard of ripple and nearly 15% confirmed that they intended to invest in XRP, the native currency of the Ripple Consensus Ledger (RCL).  33.8% of Respondents Between the Ages of 25 and 34 Plan to Invest in Ethereum | Chart from LendEDU  However, the results skew heavily by age. For example, although just 32% of respondents have heard of ethereum, roughly one-third of those between the ages of 18 and 34 plan to invest in ethereum. Similarly, 25% of younger respondents indicated they intended to invest in XRP, even though just 22% of total survey respondents had heard of ripple. On the opposite end of the spectrum, just 9% of people age 55 or older have plans to invest in ether, and only 1.3% intend to invest in XRP.  LendEDU also asked respondents about their familiarity with initial coin offerings, which are blockchain-based fundraising events that have existed since 2013 but did not permeate the mainstream consciousness until this year. These results were not broken down by age, but about 25% of people indicated that they had heard of ICOs, and 15% added that they plan to contribute to an ICO in the future. Twenty-one percent of participants, however, replied in the affirmative when asked if ICOs were illegal.  Although it is unclear how many respondents will follow through with their stated intentions to invest in cryptocurrency, their openness to digital assets serves as partial confirmation of the thesis that younger investors will likely use bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as stores of value in place of gold and other precious metals. Based on this observation, Wall Street strategist Tom Lee  predicts  that bitcoin will claim at least 5% of gold ’s market share within the next 5 years, raising the bitcoin price to a conservative value of $25,000.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Aptoide Aims to Revolutionize App Store with AppCoins Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  The proliferation and adoption of smartphones is the bedrock of a $77 billion USD market centered on app downloads, in-app purchases, and ads through a distribution channel between developers and end-users. These distribution channels, or App Stores, are centralized mediums of exchange where a single entity provides for and authorizes the distribution, discovery, acquiring, and financial transactions on the platform. This entity is also responsible for not only maintaining the files and applications on the store, but also enforcing security measures and guaranteeing the integrity of every transaction made and file downloaded. However, this model has been shown to be deeply flawed and incapable of penetrating certain market conditions.  From malware-laced downloads to inaccessible in-app purchases for low-end markets, data leaks and privacy concerns, users experiences on app store marketplace are increasingly fraught with risks and inconveniences.  By moving the three most critical functions of app stores to the blockchain  – advertising, in-app purchases and developer’s approval -, Aptoide is set to revolutionize the mobile app industry with its decentralized marketplace cryptocurrency, Appcoins.  AppCoins network facilities direct exchange between end-users and developers, drastically improving user experience and market efficiency through disintermediation and reward redistribution based on immutable smart contracts.  Built on Ethereum distributed protocol, AppCoins protects against repudiation, double attribution, and fake identity using a ground-breaking proof-of-attention system. The network also features an innovative trust approval system where developers are ranked as either “Trusted”, “Unknown” or “Critical” based on their transactional history on the blockchain.  Appcoins has been designed to be highly scalable and modular allowing seamless integration with any app store on any mobile operating system. This creates a new shared ecosystem for all app stores, providing a universal language for the app economy on the blockchain.  Powering this new ecosystem is the AppCoins, a native ERC20 token. AppCoins enables developers to advertise their app and reward users for their attention, removing any payment or advertisement intermediaries. With the elimination of intermediaries, developers will be able to realize greater returns on investment, increase the monetization potential of their product, and directly communicate with their customer based. This eliminates the current opacity surrounding app approval and distribution across different stores.  Users can use AppCoins to securely buy apps and make in-app purchases on the store without compromising their privacy. They can also earn AppCoins by engaging with sponsored apps to make payments on the platform.  Aptoide is set to launch the AppCoins network within the next 12 months, leveraging an existing 200 million unique users to the blockchain. Information stored on the blockchain is immutable and distributed, ushering new levels of transparency, security, and accountability to benefit the market.  To fund further development of the network and establish key industrial partnerships, Aptoide has announced the launch of an ICO for the world’s first open and distributed protocol for App Stores. The ICO presale kick-offs on November 6th and close on November 20th at  https://appcoins.io/presale . 20% of the total token supply will be offered to investors and early adopters.  Conceived and launched in 2011 by Paulo Trezentos and Alvaro Pinto, Aptoide is one of the largest and fastest growing mobile app store startups in the world. With over 200 million users and 4 billion downloads currently, Aptoide ’ s revolution of the app store industry is not just another white paper offering, but the evolution of an established company positioning itself for the future.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Recedes after Surge to $7,600 Twitter  The bitcoin price fell into decline on Monday after achieving an all-time high above $7,600 the previous day. Many altcoins experienced price increases, but their combined progress was not enough to prevent the total cryptocurrency market cap from dipping below the $200 billion mark.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The crypto market cap began the day just north of $200 billion and continued to climb, reaching $202 billion on Sunday afternoon before reversing course and dropping as low as $195 billion at approximately 5:00 UTC on Monday morning. From there, the crypto market cap achieved a moderate recovery, bringing it to a present value of $199 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Recedes Following Race to ATH  The global average bitcoin price surged to a new all-time high of $7,617 on Sunday as the market continued to benefit from the bullish tone initiated by the announcement that a major U.S. derivatives exchange intends to launch bitcoin futures contracts. However, the bitcoin price plunged more than $400 upon achieving this milestone, reducing it to a global average of $7,175. On Bitfinex, the drop was even more precipitous and threatened to force the bitcoin price below the $7,000 mark.  Bitcoin Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Fortunately, the downturn proved to be a blip on the radar, and the bitcoin price  stabilized above $7,300  and is currently trading at $7,359. This gives bitcoin a market cap of $122.7 billion, which translates into a daily decline of approximately 1%.  Ethereum Price Holds Below $300  The ethereum price has spent the better part of the last month hovering near $300, and that trend continued on Monday. After beginning the day just below the $300 mark, ethereum declined about six-tenths of one percent, reducing it to a present value of $297. Ethereum maintains a market cap of about $28.4 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Ethereum Classic Leaps Into Top 10  Altcoins posted a combined net gain of $500 million on Monday, reducing the bitcoin dominance index by about 1%. Nevertheless, bitcoin still controls an overwhelming 61.7% of the total cryptocurrency market cap.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin cash led the altcoin rally, raising its price 3% to $626. Ripple, litecoin, and dash all fell into decline, but none of these declines exceeded eight-tenths of one percent. The NEO price rose by a bit more than 1%, while the NEM price climbed by 8%.  Ethereum Classic Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Ethereum classic posted the most impressive gain of the day, surging nearly 26% to $15. Ethereum classic had long languished on the outskirts of the crypto market cap top 10, and today ’s impressive performance enabled it to reclaim a spot in the market ’s top tier. The primary theory for the rally is that cryptocurrency exchange OKEx added support for ethereum classic futures. Ethereum classic is now ranked ninth with a market cap of near $1.5 billion, and monero rounds out the top ten with a minor increase to $82.  Ethereum Classic Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Many CoinMarketCap users have noted that bitconnect ’s market cap recently plunged by 75%, forcing it out of the top 10. The bitconnect price remained stable, but the index operator adjusted how the cryptocurrency ’s market cap was calculated, apparently to exclude the value of coins that are locked up in lending contracts. Bitconnect ’s circulating supply currently has a market cap of $591 million, placing it 14th in the rankings.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   An Innovative Way to Store Data and Deploy Smart Contracts Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.   Public chains were initially not designed to store and use large sums of data. Currently, many blockchain projects must resort to conventional cloud storage providers for storing of large sums of data. This makes the developers design complicated work-arounds and it is not working well with the idea of open source development and community driven enterprises.  Genaro has attracted support from seven famous blockchain foundations including BlockAsset. It is now the revolution to move from “Cloud” to “Blockchain”. The network believes that only when Blockchain is used in the real data can DAPPs be as useful as Internet APPs. It is a development project based in Singapore and pioneered the concept of Blockchain 3.0. The Blockchain conce pt will solve the problems that come with conventional methods of storing data  Genaro Network   Genaro is a network that stores data and deploys smart contracts simultaneously. It is the first Turing Complete Public Chain plus a Decentralized Storage Network. A user will have a permanent and private method of storing their data, videos, documents and any type of file. This will be a secure way since one will be required to use a private key in order to access any data. Ge naro provides a blockchain infrastructure for other blockchain based solution providers as a replacement for cloud based storage. The blockchain allows for security and safety of immutable transaction records  Genaro works online and locates the closest nodes to the user for them to store their data making it fast for one to access their data. The network is less expensive since it uses unused storage space and distributes the cost of bandwidth and electricity among the devices  Since the launch of its blockchain 3.0 it has recently been invited to join the Association of Crypto Currency Enterprises and Startups in Singapore (ACCESS) which seeks to have clear and open dialogue with the members including regulators.  Genaro Public Chain  The Genaro Network Public Chain is made up of the receipt maker and the receipt prover. In the Receipt Maker, each block is generated by storage activities and the system uses PoS (Proof of Stake) as the consensus method. The receipt makers continue to be selected from the nodes during the operation of the whole blockchain and produce corresponding receipts for storage activiti es. The Receipt Prover in the public chain is the participant who mainly contributes their calculation power to the “challenge” function in Genaro Network.  Proof of Retrievability   The aim of Proof of retrievability (PoR) is to help the user to verify that the archives do not remove or alter files before retrieval. The PoR protocol encrypts the file and randomly embeds a set of randomly valued check blocks known as “sentinels”. The person verifying challenges the prover by specifying the positions of a set of “sentinels” and asking the prover to return th e associated sentinel values. If the prover has altered or removed any file there is high probability that it will suppress several number of sentinels. Genaro decentralized storage network creatively uses SPoR(Sentinel Proof of Retrievabilty)as consensus to increase file transfer speed and public chain scalability. User data is cut into pieces, encrypted and stored redundantly  onto decentralized nodes.  The Hub and The Accelerator   The Hub is different from the network in that it seeks to make profit by offering services to the Genero users and the external community. The Hub will use GNX tokens in providing these services. The users of the Genaro network will pay through the tokens and the external community which will be in need of the hub services will use the GNX tokens. The Hub will offer services such as lodging, food and drinks and other services that will cause interaction between the Hub members.  The key differences between the Hub and other coliving/coworking spaces will be the Accelerator. The accelerator is an incubator like designed to foster the blockchain enterprises that uses the Genaro Network. It will run in groups of 4-6 people/teams and the batches will receive shared services such as training, legal and government support among others. The Accelerator will focus on a number of big data application and other industries such as small tech industries. The accelerator increases the impact that the Hub has compared to other coliving/coworking spaces     ICO   Genero will launch their ICO on 17 th  November, 2017  to enable them to develop their network. There are a total of 700, 000, 000 Genero Token (GNX). 85 % of these tokens will be issued to the public while 15% of them will be issued among the team. Users could participate  GSP Whitelist  to reserve discounted GNX and get special airdrop offer since 17 th  October, 2017. GSP will end when all the 31% tokens are given to contributors or 70,000 blocks run  out whichever comes early. Any remaining tokens will be rolled into the community fund for future strategic allocation following listing of GNX.  The Plan   There is a Genaro Community Evangelist plan that is to give both Genaro Internal Team and the Genaro Community a chance to work together to drive the Blockchain Revolution. The work of the Community evangelist will be to spread the message of our  products and software which will provide a link between the Private Development community and our team in order to share insights. The Evangelist will also interact with the community in the social media platforms and manage groups and subgroups that will be formed within the community.  An Evangelist will have to own at least one of the known cryptocurrencies and also have knowledge about the Genaro Network. They are also required to have blockchain industry resources including investors who they are willing to introduce into the network.  To reserve your discounted GNX and enjoy special airdrop offer now,go to :  https://genaro.network/gsp  
DECREASE	   Florio, a Blockchain-Based Platform That ’ll Help the World Live Healthily Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  According to  recent studies , nearly 30% of the world’s population is overweight or obese – that’s nearly 2.1 billion people. A study conducted by Mc Kinsey shows us that, by 2030. nearly half of the world’s population – 3.5 billion people – will be overweight or obese.  These are deadly numbers, as the World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that physical inactivity causes 5.3 million death a year worldwide, making it the number one cause of death. This makes physical inactivity an urgent problem, especially taking into account that its global economic impact is of about $2 trillion a year – nearly the same smoking, armed violence. and terro rism have.  Changing these numbers is hard. There’s no magic diet, no sketchy weight loss trick, and no thinning product that will make the problem go away. The only solution lies within ourselves: through a healthy lifestyle, topped off with a healthy dose of motivation, it’s possible reverse the trend.  Enter Florio, a blockchain-based platform that’s here to do just that: help people live a healthier life, by spreading a positive attitude around health, and by making the whole thing fun.  Florio Will Change the Way We See Healthy Lifestyles  To make things fun, Florio intends to use motivation to get people going. The best way to motivate people, according to researchers, is to get money on the line and incentivize competition.  As such, Florio’s health platform makes it possible to challenge, family, friends, and pretty much anybody to a competition in which the winner gets a monetary reward at the end. If the goal is to lose weight, for example, it can be shared with other people or kept to the individual, and specific challenges can be issued when motivation starts failing. Users are always in contr ol, and decide the challenge’s duration, its goal, and how much money is at stake.  During challenges, Florio will give its users advice on staying motivated, achieving the goal, and more. Effectively, Florio’s app makes it all about challenging one another, while offering people support and helping them celebrate their successes with financial gains and a healthy lifestyle.  Florio  will enter the market with the help of role models and the athlete community, that together will show Florio is an essential tool for those who want to live a healthy life. Florio already has the support of global sports brands, some of the top 100 most influential sports  & wellness people, and even professional athletes. With this huge support, it’ll easily reach millions of people in little time.  Among those who already support it are Garret McNamara, a surfer with the world record for largest wave ever surfed, Rachelle Chase, one of the biggest fitness influencers, and Jessica Lauren, a fitness guru, model and athlete.  Florio’s Ecosystem  At the heart of Florio will be a cryptocurrency, the Florio token (FLR), which will be used to reward users for challenges. By using a cryptocurrency, the platform can guarantee it remains open, honest and transparent to everyone, effectively preventing corporations and governments from trying to corrupt its ultimate goal: to get the world to live a healthy lifestyle.  A potential use case for Florio would be a situation in which an individual – let’s say Alex  – wants to challenge himself to, for example, go for a run, and needs some extra motivation. Alex could issue a public challenge, in which he invites his friends to join, and in which strangers can also join if they decide to do so. Alex would determine a set reward in FLR tokens – which he can earn for free for being one of the first to adopt Florio  – for the challenge, and anyone joining in would add to it.  Using tracking algorithms and blockchain-based smart contracts, Florio ensures the reward payout is honored and the challenge is fairly executed – the winner takes the funds, and everyone went for a run and had a good time. In the end, everyone wins. Given its system, Florio’s potential use cases are nearly endless.  On November 18, Florio will launch an Initial Coin Offering ( ICO ) for the FLR token, in which the platform will attempt to raise a target of 5,000 ETH.  Users can also get their first FLR tokens when Florio’s preview app is released on iOS and Android next week, as stated above. 5 million tokens will be given away, so users are advised to keep an eye out for their website at  Florio.io  to claim their free tokens.  If you want to keep up with the project, you can also follow Florio on  Facebook  and  Twitter . Users are advised to thoroughly  read the project’s whitepaper .  This is a sponsored story.  
DECREASE	   German Regulator Issues ICO Warning: Be Prepared to Lose it All Twitter  Germany’s primary financial and securities regulator has joined a growing list of global counterparts in warning investors of initial coin offering (ICO) risks.  The Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin), German for the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority has warned investors of “substantial risks” in “highly speculative” ICO investments.  In a  notice  published yesterday, the financial authority wrote:  ICOs are a highly speculative form of investment. Investors should therefore be prepared for the possibility of losing their investment completely. As is the case with most new trends, the high level of public interest in ICOs is also attracting fraudsters.  ICO funding, a radical new form of fundraising where startups and companies raise capital in cryptocurrencies in exchange for blockchain-based tokens, cannot be compared to the issuance of shares from ‘either a technical or legal standpoint’, the regulator added.  ICO-issued tokens are also “often” prone to significant price volatility with the added risk of absent secondary markets for investors to liquidate their tokens, BaFin said, adding that the information presented by ICO operators are also “often insufficient.”  “Due to the lack of legal requirements and transparency rules, the consumer is left on their own when it comes to verifying the identity, reputability and credit standing of the token provider and understanding and assessing the investment on offer,” read an excerpt from BaFin’s notice to investors. “It can also not be guaranteed that personal data will be protected in accordan ce with German standards.”  The consumer advisory went on to add that consumers should be fully certain in understanding the risks and benefits of the project before participating in an ICO. Further, the regulator highlighted the “systemic vulnerability of ICOs to fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing” which could lead to authorities taking action “against operators or other persons or enterpris es that are involved in such illegal dealings.”  Although the notice stopped short of issuing guidelines for ICO operators, the authority confirmed a more detailed take on ICOs and their risks, for consumers, on November 15.  While authorities in China and South Korea have issued blanket bans on ICO activity, regulators in other jurisdictions like  Australia ,  Thailand ,  Abu Dhabi  and even  Russia  have been more accepting of ICOs.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Gains Sees North Korean Hackers Ramp Up Attacks Twitter  South Korea’s internet security authority has pointed to an ‘alarming’ rise of malware attacks from North Korean hackers seeking bitcoin to fund Kim Jong Un’s regime.  A new report by the Korea Internet  & Security Agency (KISA), the authority responsible for maintaining and safeguarding the country’s internet space, has highlighted an increasing number of malware attacks led by hackers suspected to be from North Korea.  As reported by Korean news agency  Yonhap , the reported instances of malicious code between July-September of this year went up to 452 cases against 436 in the second quarter. Cases of ransomware – a cybersecurity attack where victims are extorted into paying cryptocurrencies like bitcoin to regain access to their crippled computers – were up 3.7x in the January-September period at 5,366 cases against last year’s 1,43 8.  A KISA official stated:  Hackers are boldly spreading malicious code not only to hunt for bitcoins but to directly attack Internet sites.  North Korean hackers have been accused of  stealing ₩100 million  in bitcoin (approx. $90,000) every month between 2013-2015. In September, cybersecurity firm FireEye revealed details of a state-sponsored North Korean hacker campaign to steal bitcoin from cryptocurrency exchanges in South Korea.  An excerpt from the report revealed the theft was to fill “the personal coffers of Pyongyang’s elite”, stating:  State-sponsored actors seeking to steal bitcoin and other virtual currencies as a means of evading sanctions and obtaining hard [safe haven] currencies to fund the regime.  One of the many attacks included a notable hack of South Korean bitcoin exchange Yapizon where hackers  made away with $5 million  in user funds and bitcoin.  More recently, an official from South Korea’s Cyber Warfare Intelligence Center (CWIC)  pointed  to a number of phishing attempts by North Korean hackers targeting South Korean exchanges with malware-laden emails.  All of which led to a comprehensive  investigation  by South Korea’s National Police Investigation (NPA). In its official report, the authority confirmed that North Korean hackers have and are continuing to target bitcoin exchanges in the country. Details of the investigation revealed a total of 25 employees at 4 domestic bitcoin exchanges subjected to at least 10 separate phishing attempts originating from a North Korean IP ad dress that was previously linked to other hacking attempts targeting Seoul.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   This Kiwi Startup Delivers Bitcoin to Users on a Subscription Twitter  A bitcoin startup in a New Zealand is making the process of adopting bitcoin easier for new users via a dedicated savings platform.  As bitcoin price soars new all-time highs in an unprecedented boom, the world’s most popular cryptocurrency is gaining awareness among retail investors globally. In New Zealand, a bitcoin startup called ‘My Bitcoin Saver’ is brokering the process of buying the cryptocurrency through an offshore exchange to deliver bitcoin on a weekly basis.  “When you deposit your money to us with your reference number on a Monday, we wait for the bank to clear it and then send it to Europe ’s biggest Bitcoin exchange where we buy Bitcoin that Friday,” explains BitcoinSaver on its website, before sending users their bitcoin to their own nominated wallets.  My Bitcoin Saver enables users to sign up for weekly automatic payments between $10 and $200 on Monday, every week. The platform then uses the funds to buy bitcoin from a major European bitcoin exchange, in bulk, before redistributing it to users on its platform on Friday, every week.  “Bitcoin is really expensive to buy in small amounts and difficult to buy in small amounts,” CEO Sam Blackmore told  Newshub …” so what we do is buy in bulk for people and we have a distribution engine that speeds it out.”  Earlier this year, BitNZ, a New Zealand bitcoin exchange, revealed it was left with no choice but to  shut down  after a banking blackout brought on by a refusal of multiple banks to allow bank accounts for bitcoin trading despite the exchange complying with KYC and AML (Know your customer and Anti-Money Laundering) regulations.  On its  website , By Bitcoin Saver claims to cater to nearly 2,300 users who have seen value gains of 433% since offering the service.  The startup has now raised $400,000 from an unnamed financial services provider to expand its presence and business into the UK, ahead of plans to launch in Australia and the United States.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Gold to Launch on November 12, But Will Anyone Care? Twitter  The Bitcoin Gold developers are preparing the cryptocurrency’s network for its official launch.  As CCN has  reported , bitcoin gold (BTG) is an altcoin that will be created through a fork of the main bitcoin blockchain. Consequently, like bitcoin cash, it will have a shared blockchain history with bitcoin up until the fork. That split took place on October 24, when the bitcoin gold developers took a blockchain “snapshot” of the bitcoin network, meaning that everyone who held bitcoin balances  at that time will receive an equal number of bitcoin gold coins.  However, the Bitcoin Gold network had yet to launch in the intervening weeks, as the developers were continuing to tinker with the source code by implementing replay protection, as well as a new consensus algorithm that will supposedly resist the use of specialized computer chips for mining. The developers were also premining approximately 100,000 coins, which they claim will b e used to help fund the growth and development of the bitcoin gold ecosystem.  That process nearing completion, developers say the official network will launch on November 12 at 19:00 UTC. In response to the announcement, the price of bitcoin gold futures rose 31%, from $140 to $185.  Source: CoinMarketCap  However, it remains to be seen whether this latest bitcoin fork will amass enough support from users, miners, and services to remain viable over the long-term. Bitcoin cash has managed to assemble this infrastructure, but some analysts believe investors and traders will experience  “fork fatigue ” as subsequent altcoins fork away from the main blockchain.  Others fear that these forks, by retaining the bitcoin moniker, will make the ecosystem even more confusing for new users than it already is and could discredit the claim that bitcoin is truly a scarce commodity.  “These forks are very bad for bitcoin,”  concluded  Sol Lederer, blockchain director at tech startup Loomia. “Saturating the market with different versions of bitcoin is confusing to users, and discredits the claim that there are a limited number of bitcoins – since you can always fork it and double the supply.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Accepted: Homeowner Puts £80,000 Property for Sale Twitter  A 49-year-old man has decided to put his house up for sale for £80,000; however, he ’s willing to accept bitcoin for it too.  Sean Atkinson from Grimsby, a major seaport on the east coast of England, said that he is willing to sell his three-bedroom house for £80,000 or £100  ‘plus bitcoins, ’ reports  The Telegraph .  Bitcoin has been enjoying an unprecedented rise in recent weeks. Yesterday, it was reported that the digital currency had risen to a  new historic high of $7,598 . Such is the rise of the cryptocurrency that it remains to be seen if it will hit the  $10,000 mark by the end of the year .  However, while bitcoin has seen its value rise it could also drop in price. How far it could potentially fall, though, is not known. For Atkinson this is a risk he ’s willing to take and that if bitcoin does decline in value he would honour the deal agreed.  He said:  I will honour the agreement and we ’ll agree at what point the sale takes place. If the [bitcoin] price drops through the floor, I ’ll still honour it. ”  According to the report, there are two potential buyers that have expressed an interest in purchasing the property. One of which has held the digital currency since 2012.  Atkinson added:  At that time there were about $10 (£7.65) and now they ’re over $6,000 (£4,700) so he ’d be getting the house for practically nothing.  Rather than spending the money he makes from his house selling on the purchase of another house, Atkinson states that he will be holding his coins to spend them as businesses begin accepting them for everyday items.  With bitcoin ’s value rising homeowners are becoming more open to accepting the digital currency for the purchase of their home. In October, a  luxury London mansion  was put up for sale with the asking price of £17 million pounds. Located in the trendy Notting Hill area in west London, it ’s hoped that the transaction will be conducted via the cryptocurrency.  It ’s not just homeowners that are realising the benefits of accepting digital currencies. So too are retailers. So much so, that luxury furniture retailer and interior design service provider Juliettes Interiors has become the  first high-end U.K. retailer  to accept bitcoin.  The aim is to provide customers of Juliettes Interiors with the opportunity to pay for high-end furniture with the digital currency, thus enabling the company to expand its customer base.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ethereum Price Climbs to $325 Despite $150 Million Wallet Bug Fiasco Twitter  The ethereum price appears to have broken out of its prolonged slump, despite lingering concerns over a bug in a widely used wallet that has locked more than $150 million in user funds.  Ethereum Price Attempts to Break Out of Slump  Ethereum  — like most cryptocurrencies not named  “bitcoin ”  — spent October on the sidelines as it watched the flagship cryptocurrency scale the charts, set new records, and gobble up larger and larger portions of the total digital currency market cap. Apparently tethered to the $300 mark, the ethereum price was unable to join bitcoin ’s rally, and although it maintained the second-largest market cap by a considerable margin it was unable to prevent its market share from shrinking to levels it had not seen since April.  That might be changing. In the past week, the ethereum price has advanced by 12%, from $289 on November 2 to $326 on November 9. Ethereum now has a market cap of more than $31.1 billion.  7-Day ETH Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Ethereum ’s largest single market continues to be South Korea-based Bithumb, whose Korean won trading pair accounts for 15% of all ethereum trading volume. Unlike bitcoin, ethereum has fairly standardized pricing across the major exchanges; within the five highest-volume ethereum exchanges, the largest spread is eighty-seven cents.  Ethereum Trading Volume Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Factors  & Outlook  The major driver for the ethereum price appears to be the  cancellation of SegWit2x , the hard fork that was scheduled to activate on the Bitcoin blockchain next week. Although the fork threatened to plunge the network into a crisis, it presented bitcoin holders with the opportunity to receive  “free ” airdropped coins in the event of a blockchain split. Consequently, analysts believe that the looming fork was a partial contributor to the recent bitcoin price surge.  Although part of that increase represented new investments entering the market, a significant portion was capital that had previously been invested in other crypto assets, ethereum included. Now that SegWit2x had been called off, bitcoin has experienced a  minor price decline , and the ethereum and altcoin markets have begun to see increased capital inflows. This likely explains the ethereum price ’s recent advance.  However, investors must keep an eye on the fallout from the  accidental activation of a bug  in the smart contract governing Parity ’s multi-signature ethereum wallet. The bug permanently locked the estimated $150 million to $300 million in user funds stored in these wallets and has raised questions about the usability of Solidity, the native programming language of Ethereum. Restoring the funds may require a hard fork that would be predictably contentious and threaten to create another Ethereum Classic-style blockchain split.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Plunges Below $7,000 as Bitcoin Cash Surges 30% Twitter  The bitcoin price continued to decline on Friday in the wake of SegWit2x ’s indefinite suspension, reducing the leading cryptocurrency ’s value below the $7,000 mark. The bitcoin cash price, meanwhile, surged more than 30% in the days leading up to its hard fork, with proponents declaring that it will claim the rights to the  “Bitcoin ” brand within six months.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Despite bitcoin cash ’s surge, the total cryptocurrency market cap posted a net decline of more than $7 billion, falling from $206.3 billion on Thursday to a present mark of $199.2 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Plunges Below $7,000  The bitcoin price posted a significant decline for the second consecutive day, falling more than 5% to $6,795. This leaves bitcoin with a total valuation of $113.3 billion and a 57% share of the total crypto market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  The primary theory for the pullback continues to be that traders had priced in the value of the  “free ” coins that would have been airdropped when the SegWit2x hard fork was activated  — an event that was  called off at the last minute  by its leading advocates.  Moreover, while the suspension of the hard fork brought relief to many corners of the community, the fact is that canceling SegWit2x does not solve the cryptocurrency ’s problems: bitcoin still needs to scale. Until those solutions are implemented  — whether on-chain or off-chain  — rising transaction fees will continue to be a problem for the burgeoning network.  Ethereum Price Falls Back Toward $300  Bitcoin ’s retreat had initially appeared to be a prime opportunity for ethereum to begin regaining some of the tremendous ground it had lost to the flagship cryptocurrency during the past several months. Yesterday, the ethereum price climbed past $325, the culmination of a seven-day double-digit rally. However, the ethereum price reversed course on Friday and began to sink back down toward $300  — a mark that has exerted an intense magnetic pull on ethereum in recent weeks. At present, the ethereum price is $306, which translates into a $29.3 billion market cap.  Ethereum Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Cash Price Launches Past $825  With bitcoin and ethereum both hamstrung, bitcoin cash has initiated an astonishing rally. In the past day alone, the bitcoin cash price has risen by almost 32%, from $629 to $826. This launched bitcoin cash ’s market cap to $13.9 billion, and the bitcoin cash price is now less than $100 below the all-time high it set in mid-August.  Bitcoin Cash Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  The impetus for the rally appears to stem from the failure of SegWit2x to activate on the main bitcoin network. Rightly or wrongly, bitcoin cash advocates believe that bitcoin ’s objection to on-chain scaling will prove to be its undoing, and they believe that their cryptocurrency will fill the void. Indeed,  Bitcoin Classic  developer Tom Zander announced yesterday that he was  shuttering the software project   — which had moved to bitcoin cash following the August hard fork  — declaring that the failure of SegWit2x was the nail in the coffin for bitcoin and that Classic was no longer necessary.  “In at most 6 months I ’m sure we ’ll just drop the  “Cash ” and call it  “Bitcoin, ” he wrote.  Altcoin Rally Stalls  Bitcoin cash ’s surge caused this week ’s widespread altcoin rally to stall, and few other top-tier coins were able to gain ground against the value of the dollar.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The ripple price declined 4%, reducing its market cap to just over $8 billion. Litecoin dipped by 3% but nevertheless managed to hold above $60. The dash price limited its skid to 1% and is currently trading near $326. NEO and monero each dropped by more than 8%. NEM and Ethereum classic, on the other hand, joined bitcoin cash in its rally, with each posting gains of 3%.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Mark Karpeles Will End Up Taking $859 Million From Mt. Gox Bankruptcy Twitter  Editor ’s Note: Article updated with Mt. Gox creditor ’s comments.  In 2014,  Mt. Gox , once the largest bitcoin exchange in the world, filed for bankruptcy. At the time, Japanese creditors requested Mt. Gox to return the equivalent amount of their funds stored in bitcoin in Japanese yen. Since then, the price of bitcoin has risen by 70-fold, and former Mt. Gox CEO Mark Karpeles is expected to take the majority of the profit from the bankruptcy proceedings.  In July, Karpeles  attended  a court hearing and pleaded  not guilty  to charges on money laundering and embezzlement, for his involvement in the loss of approximately one million bitcoins, which were worth $400 million during the period wherein the Mt. Gox bankruptcy was filed.   Over the past three years, from 2014 to 2017, the price of bitcoin has increased exponentially, from around $400 to $7,000, by 17-fold. During the investigation into the Mt. Gox bankruptcy from 2014 to 2016, 200,000 bitcoins were recovered and with that, Karpeles was requested to proceed accrediting creditors of Mt. Gox with the recovered bitcoins.   However, after a strange turn of events, it turns out that creditors of Mt. Gox, or former bitcoin traders on the Mt. Gox exchange, are set to be credited with Japanese yen equivalent to the value of bitcoin in 2014.   Paul Wasensteiner, a Mt. Gox creditor, told CCN that creditors were not made aware that their claims were limited to a maximum value of $480 and that the bankruptcy would settle the proceedings based on the price of bitcoin three years ago. Creditors have expressed their concerns over the process of the Mt. Gox bankruptcy, and the possibility that Karpeles, who is directly resp onsible for the loss of $7 billion in funds, might take away $859 million from the $1.3 billion that has been recovered.  Consequently, subsequent to the completion of the payout of Mt. Gox bankruptcy proceedings to its creditors, Karpeles will be left with hundreds of millions of dollars worth of bitcoin as profit, for his direct involvement in the loss of nearly $7 billion worth of bitcoins within a two-year span.  “When it’s all sorted out, Karpelès would pretty much get [the] vast majority” of the extra value, Kolin Burges  told the WSJ ,  a creditor who held 311 bitcoins at Mt. Gox. “So that seems incredibly unfair.”  For creditors like Burges, their previous funds in bitcoin that were stored on Mt. Gox will be processed in Japanese yen, at the same value it had been in 2014. Hence, instead of receiving more than $2.1 million, Burges will receive less than $130,000 for his 311 bitcoins, at a price of $400.  “[I]n the case these are sold, I do not believe it would realistically fetch any kind of value high enough to make this an actual issue,” said Karpeles, denying any wrongdoing in regards to the Mt. Gox case and the theft of user funds.   On paper, the company of Karpeles, called Tibanne, owns about 88% of Mt. Gox as per the WSJ. After the bankruptcy filings are settled, Mt. Gox will be left with a surplus of $977 million worth of bitcoins. Out of that, 88 percent will be granted to Karpeles and in the end, after losing more than $7 billion of user funds, Karpeles will take home $859 million for his role in the  demise of Mt. Gox.  Featured image from YouTube/ Kyodo News Plus .  
DECREASE	   We’re Looking ‘Very Carefully’ at Bitcoin: U.S. Treasury Sec. Mnuchin Twitter  U.S. Secretary of the Treasury Steven Mnuchin says that the federal government is concerned about the use of bitcoin in illicit dark web markets.  In an interview with  Yahoo Finance , Mnuchin stated that bitcoin is on the Treasury Department’s radar and that he is in conversations with regulators across the world about the correct approach to ensure that it is not used to make “illicit transfers of funds.”  “It’s something we are looking at very carefully and will continue to look at,” Mnuchin said. “The first issue and the most important issue is to make sure that people can’t use bitcoin for illicit activities. So we want to make sure that you don’t have the dark web funded in bitcoins. And that’s something that is a concern of ours today.”  He emphasized that although the Treasury does not have a specific timetable for the announcement of an official position on cryptocurrency or new regulations to govern this nascent asset class, the department has established working groups which are actively looking into bitcoin usage.  “And again [bitcoin is] something we’ll be watching very carefully,” he stressed.  The Treasury is one of many U.S. regulatory agencies beginning to take a more active role in regulating the cryptocurrency markets. The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has very publicly  stated its concerns  about initial coin offerings (ICOs), many of which it says may violate federal securities laws. Similarly, the SEC has warned that celebrity ICO endorsements  may be illegal  in some cases if the token is later determined to be a security.  This year’s meteoric bitcoin price rally, meanwhile, has caught the attention of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), which claims that far too few people are reporting cryptocurrency-related investment income on their tax returns. Earlier this year, a  report  revealed that the agency has paid a blockchain-tracing firm thousands of dollars to help them track down and identify bitcoin tax cheats. Moreover, the IRS has taken bitcoin exchange Coinbase to court in an  attempt  to force the company to hand over customer records so they can prosecute bitcoin tax cheats.  Featured image from Flickr/ International Monetary Fund.  
DECREASE	   ‘MoneyBall ’,  ‘The Big Short ’ Author is Glad He Kept His Bitcoin Twitter  An American non-fiction author and financial journalist has said that while he owns some bitcoin he  ‘doesn ’t completely get it. ’  The author in question is Michael Lewis, author of best-selling books behind hit movies such as  The Blind Side ,  The Big Short , and  Moneyball . How much bitcoin does he own? A mere $378 worth. Not exactly a huge sum by any means, but it ’s a lot more than what he originally started with.  A few years ago, Lewis was gifted $5 worth of bitcoin. At the time he was considering writing about the currency and wanted to learn more about it. By doing so he ended up spending half a day with bitcoin enthusiasts in Silicon Valley, writes  Yahoo! Finance .  His main concern, though, was whether or not he would be able to spend the currency. The people he was with told he could and helped set him up with a digital wallet. They then proceeded to take him out and attempted to buy a cup of coffee with the digital currency in Palo Alto.  Lewis said:  It was a disaster. Of course it didn’t work. I said, ‘Why don’t you call me when I can buy something with bitcoin,’ and I kept the $5 on my phone.  Since then bitcoin ’s value has experienced a surge in value. At the beginning of the year the cryptocurrency was worth $1,000. Now, 11 months later, it ’s trading just under $7,200, according to CoinMarketCap. At its highest, the digital currency reached  $7,800  yesterday after the news that the controversial SegWit2x protocol upgrade had been suspended.  However, the coins that Lewis owns remain in the same digital wallet that was set up for him, at a rate of $378.  He adds:  The bitcoin is now more valuable than my phone.  In an interview with  TheStreet , he also expressed the view that while he gets the concept of the blockchain, he  ‘doesn ’t completely get bitcoin. ’  Nowadays, though, with the coin ’s value increasing more people are finding ways as to how they can spend the currency for day-to-day purchases. Japan is one example, which has embraced the market and is  accepting the cryptocurrency  for purchase payments. Elsewhere, homeowners selling their homes are now accepting cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin as payment options in  Miami  and  London .  It may not have been easy to use bitcoin to pay for things a few years ago, but that ’s certainly changing as its value continues to rise.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Prominent Investor: Bitcoin Price in Healthy Uptrend For New Rallies Twitter  Trace Mayer, a prominent bitcoin investor who has funded Kraken, Bitpay, and Armory, has stated that the bitcoin price is in a healthy uptrend to initiate new rallies in the short-term.   $BTC  🚂 in healthy uptrend. 200DMA $3,511  & rising ~$30/day. 200DMA market cap ~$60B  & rising ~$500m/day. Wave of new users getting acquainted with technology. Great consolidation  & high volumes. B2X trolls demolished by economic mass of distributed decentralized network. 🚀  pic.twitter.com/Zj6nhKWgcx  — Trace Mayer (@TraceMayer)  November 10, 2017   SegWit2x Cancelled, No Short-Term Uncertainty  If the SegWit2x hard fork was pursued as planned, it would have become a major factor that affects bitcoin price negatively in the short-term. As CCN reported, analysts like Willy Woo of Woobull.com predicted a massive crash due to the sell-off of B2X-expecting investors.  “Willy Woo, a highly regarded cryptocurrency and bitcoin analyst well known for his contribution to WooBull.com, has stated that the bitcoin price could suffer a major correction by the end of November, upon the SegWit2x hard fork,”  read  a CCN report earlier this week.  If the SegWit2x hard fork had happened on November 16 and the bitcoin price declined because of the fork and the sell-off of B2X dividend-taking investors reallocating their funds from bitcoin to altcoins, the bitcoin price would have likely struggled to remain in the $7,000 region.  But, the cancellation of the SegWit2x hard fork eliminated any uncertainty surrounding the mid-term performance of bitcoin and most importantly, eliminated the possibility of a split chain by the end of 2017. As such, many analysts including Mayer, Max Keiser, and Tom Lee have predicted the bitcoin price to achieve the $8,000 mark by the end of this year.   Over the past few days, the bitcoin price has been extremely volatile, understandably due to market instability after the SegWit2x cancellation and the major correction that had led the bitcoin price to fall from a new all-time high at $7,900 to $7,200. Despite the major correction and high volatility, Mayer stated that bitcoin is at a prime position to recover and initiate str ong rallies in the short-term, given its performance in the past two weeks.  While volatility has increased substantially, other indicators of market stability have improved significantly. Specifically, the daily trading volume of bitcoin has increased to over $3.3 billion, nearing that of Apple, the most liquid stock on earth.   Short-Term Bullish Indicators  For many months, the global bitcoin market has been focused on the development of futures exchanges by CME Group and CBOE, two the largest options exchange in the world. The launch of futures exchanges by the two institutions is expected to provide substantial liquidity to institutional and retail traders in the upcoming months.   However, in the short-term, it is important to observe the development of the Japanese bitcoin market, the largest bitcoin market by trading volume which is responsible for more than 65 percent of bitcoin trades, as the mainstream adoption of bitcoin in the country has been increasing at an exponential rate.   Nikkei:  4,500 merchants and stores in Japan accept  #bitcoin . That number could increase by 5-fold, to 22,500 by the end of 2017. Real mainstream adoption in Japan!  pic.twitter.com/QwSPWxZ3bw  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  November 10, 2017   According to a report by Nikkei, 4,500 large-scale stores and merchants already accept bitcoin as a payment method in Japan, including leading retailers, airlines, hotels, and even restaurants. That number is expected to increase by five-fold, to 25,000, by the end of 2017.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Supporters Welcome SegWit2x Cancellation Twitter  Cryptocurrency supporters generally welcomed the  cancellation  of  SegWit2x  in the wake of disagreement among developers and miners over the proposed solution to the need for a larger bitcoin block size. Crypto observers generally believe the fork would have had a negative impact on bitcoin.  Bitcoin ’s price has witnessed some volatility since the cancellation was announced. A short-term spike to an all-time high just below $7,900 in response to the news was followed by a  flash crash . The bitcoin price  dropped 4 percent , falling from $7,408 on Wednesday to $7,143 early Thursday.  Market Sorts Out Cancellation  Many traders had maintained larger bitcoin positions in anticipation of the SegWit2x airdrop of bitcoins that was expected following the fork. The fork cancellation dashed hopes of “free coins,” causing traders to rebalance their portfolios to include more altcoins.  As a result, altcoins registered gains on Thursday, as multiple top-tier coins posted double-digit price increases and capital flowed back into their markets from bitcoin.  Cancellation Points To Consensus  Several observers believe the cancellation is in the cryptocurrency ’s best interest.  “When 2x was called off, it became immediately clear there’s greater consensus for a single bitcoin blockchain, and therefore there is greater value retained in the bitcoin ecosystem,” Ned Scott, CEO of Steemit, a blockchain based social platform, said in a prepared statement.  Many cryptocurrency advocates see forks as problematic.  “While occasional forks due to deep philosophical differences are inevitable, habitual forks damage the network effect of any blockchain and undermines security and faith in the system,” said Bharath Rao, CEO of Leverj, a platform for crypto derivatives. “Cryptocurrency is still experimental and repeated forks can fracture the community into tiny siloes and undermine the very c oncept of non-governmental money.”  Cancellation Mitigates Risk  “Every small mitigation of a risk enhances value, and this event is no different,” Rao said. “We hope to see a continuous stream of risks eliminated and value enhanced over the next several years.”  “Canceling SegWit2x is a step in the right direction, and it looks like Bitcoin Core ’s roadmap will prevail for now,” said Abhishek Pitti, CEO of Nucleus Vision, a provider of sensor technology. “While the intent behind increasing the block size was to make the bitcoin network more efficient, going ahead with the fork without broad community consensus would have caused more harm than good for bitcoin.”  Also read:  SegWit2x called off:  ‘Common sense ’ or  ‘delaying the inevitable? ’  Long-Term Outlook Positive  Guy Zyskind, CEO and co-founder of Enigma, a coin mixing system, expressed a long-term view.  “Indefinitely postponing the fork is a healthy move for crypto assets,” he said. “The ability of the bitcoin community to self-correct and avoid a contentious fork inspires confidence and shows how the ecosystem is entering a more mature phase. We look forward to seeing how on-chain scaling and other important improvements to the protocol will be addressed going forward.”  The hard fork would have split bitcoin into two competing blockchains, and the fight for supremacy could have been ugly. Bitcoin services expected to undergo serious disruptions, and there was a high probability that some users would lose funds due to replay attacks and other exploits.  That bitcoin avoided fracturing in this manner is positive for its long-term prospects and will encourage so-called “hodlers” — investors with extended investment horizons — to increase their positions.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin seen at $50000 in 2018 as volatility persists Twitter  Crypto-currency experts are punting bitcoin prices to reach $50 000 in 2018, betting on the price volatility to sustain interest and value in the emerging asset amid a rush to offer bitcoin futures by brokers across the world.  Arthur Hayes, the chief executive officer and co-founder of BitMEX said in an interview with Bloomberg this week  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/audio/2017-12-05/bitcoin-could-rise-to-50-000-in-2018  that bitcoin price volatility was a positive attraction for the crypto currency.  “The volatility in my view is a positive because it generates news, it gets more people involved and the more volatile it is the valuable,” said Hayes.  Global Bitcoin prices on Thursday whizzed past the $16000 mark while in Zimbabwe the crypto-currency was trading at a price of about $26000 owing to a liquidity and forex crunch in the southern African country.  Some brokers have been lining up Bitcoin futures as the attractiveness of crypto-currency as an emerging asset class gains momentum. However, South Korea’s primary financial regulator and watchdog has securities firms from launching bitcoin futures contracts.  Hayes said Bitcoin futures traders would be “fully hedged” as prices continue to rise although he cautioned that any asset class that “has gone 12x in one year could possibly be very dangerous” owing to speculation.  “It is actually speculative. Anyone who claims this is not risky is fooling themselves. You have an asset that has gone from nothing to close to $200 billion in under 10 years. I would caution anyone getting into this asset to not put any more money than you can afford to lose,” said Hayes.  He said brokers punting Bitcoin futures were merely keen “to make fees” as Bitcoin is the “only asset class that has volatility”.  “Any asset class that has volatility in excess of 10 to 20 percent a day is something that has to be traded. I think in 2018 bitcoin will go up another 5x and my target is $50 000 for bitcoin.”  As the current bubble in Bitcoin prices continues, concerns have emerged over money laundering and regulation of trade but Hayes is not too worried about this. He says Bitcoin transactions are already heavily regulated and cites Know Your Customer requirements by Bitcoin exchanges.  ETX senior analyst, Neil Wilson, told Business Insider that the Bitcoin price action continues to be “exceptional and something that is without any parallels”. He was not sure when this bubbler will collapse  http://uk.businessinsider.com/bitcoin-price-tops-15000-on-december-7-2017-12  “The Traditional banking laws are already in effect when you want to get into the system. (On Money laundering) no I am not worried because you are already self-certifying yourself with the exchange in terms of the source of funds and identification so similar to opening a bank account you go through the same process when opening a bitcoin account,” said Hayes.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Brokerage Coinbase Becomes Apple Store ’s Top App, Surpassing YouTube Twitter  Coinbase, the global cryptocurrency industry’s largest brokerage and wallet platform valued at over $1.6 billion, has become the Apple app store’s top app, surpassing YouTube, Facebook, and Instagram.  Finance and bitcoin journalist Paul Vigna revealed:   Here are your top 10 apps in Apple 's App Store right now:  10 Amazon 9 Bitmoji 8 Google Maps 7 Snapchat 6 Facebook 5 Gmail 4 Instagram 3 Messenger 2 YouTube 1 Coinbase  That 's a little surreal.  #bitcoin  — Paul Vigna (@paulvigna)  December 8, 2017   Coinbase Struggling to Address Rapid User Growth  Earlier today, on December 8, the Coinbase team stated that the platform has been experiencing record high traffic, causing delays in logins and other on-site activities.  “We are currently experiencing record high traffic. This is resulting in some customers having slow performance or issues logging into their Coinbase accounts. We are actively working to resolve this as quickly as possible,”  the Coinbase team wrote.  As the leading bitcoin brokerage and wallet platform with more than 14 million users, Coinbase has evolved into the go-to platform for newcomers and casual investors in the US. The user base of Coinbase along with other major exchanges often peak amidst strong bitcoin rallies.   Most recently, the bitcoin price surpassed $17,500, achieving a historic all-time high. Subsequently, the Coinbase trading platform experienced an abrupt surge in user activity and user growth.   On its peak days, Coinbase had previously added hundreds of thousands of users within a 24-hour span. On November 2 and November 7 for instance, Coinbase recorded over 100,000 new users, adding more than a million users in the month of November alone, according to data provided by Atlanta Digital Currency Fund partner Alistair Milne.   Future of Coinbase  On August 11, Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong announced that the company had secured $100 million through its Series D funding round led by IVP. At the time, Armstrong stated that a significant part of the capital and resources obtained in the latest funding round, which increased the market valuation of the company to $1.6 billion, in addressing the rapid user growth of Coinbase and GDAX.  “Coinbase experienced unprecedented growth over the last year, and we have now exchanged over $25 billion USD of digital currency for our customers. We’ll be using this new funding to continue scaling even further. Specifically, we will: Increase the size of our engineering and customer support teams to improve the customer experience. Open a GDAX office in New York City, further investing in our ability to serve institutions and professional traders,”  wrote Armstrong.  If Coinbase successfully sustains the exponential growth rate of its user base in the mid to long-term, and the company grows proportional to the rapidly evolving bitcoin market, it will also need to provide customer services that are on par with leading institutions in the finance industry, such as Paypal and Visa.  South Korea’s major exchanges such as Bithumb and Korbit have operated 24/7 live phone lines and walk-in counters over the past 12 months. The direct customer service approach of the two South Korean exchanges led to a spike in demand for bitcoin from the traditional finance industry.  As a leading app on the Apple app store, and the most widely utilized platform within the global cryptocurrency market, the company will continue to implement solutions to address the platform’s scalability issues, to become the most popular platform and application across major industries.  
DECREASE	   Ripple Price Leaps 13% After Company Escrows 55 Billion XRP Twitter  The ripple price received a 13 percent bump after the fintech startup revealed that it had put its 55 billion XRP tokens into escrow.  Ripple Price Rallies 13 Percent  The ripple price had spent the majority of the week in decline, falling from $0.254 on December 1 to $0.222 this morning. However, shortly before 1:00 UTC, the ripple price shot up as high as $0.272 before leveling off to a present value of $0.250  — a 12-hour gain of nearly 13 percent.  XRP Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Ripple ’s daily trading volume swelled to nearly $700 million, with nearly half of that concentrated on the South Korean exchanges of Bithumb, Coinone, and Korbit.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Ripple Escrows 55 Billion XRP  The apparent justification for the upswing is the announcement that Ripple  — the fintech startup behind XRP  — had officially placed 55 billion of its estimated 61.8 billion XRP into escrow. Each month, 1 billion tokens will be unlocked for Ripple ’s use, and any unused tokens will be placed back into escrow.  This development eliminated the threat that Ripple could flood the market with XRP, effectively crashing the price. Though highly unlikely, this scenario was possible since Ripple holds almost twice as many XRP than are currently in circulation. Now, XRP investors know with certainty the rate at which new tokens will enter the market, enabling them to better establish a fair va lue price for the token.  “By securing the lion’s share of XRP in escrow, people can now mathematically verify the maximum supply that can enter the market. While Ripple has proved to be a responsible steward of XRP supply for almost five years – and has clearly demonstrated a tremendous track record of investing in and supporting the XRP ecosystem – this lockup eliminates any concern that Ripple could  flood the market, which we’ve pointed out before is a scenario that would be bad for Ripple!, ” the company  wrote on its blog .  Ripple had announced its intention to escrow these tokens months ago, so the news had already been somewhat priced in. Nevertheless, the escrow ’s execution provided the ripple price with another bump, enabling the fourth-largest cryptocurrency ’s market cap to rise to $9.7 billion.  
DECREASE	   SEC Commissioner Defends Bitcoin Expert Against Union Director’s Verbal Assault Twitter  A regulator at the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rebuked a top union official for denigrating a bitcoin expert at a recent public meeting.  This eyebrow-raising event occurred earlier this week, when SEC Commissioner Michael Piwowar scolded Damon Silvers, the AFL-CIO’s policy director, for his aggressive posture in a recent meeting of the SEC’s Investor Advisory Committee.  “This committee is not a Hyde Park soapbox for demagoguery and tub thumping,” Piwowar stated at the committee ’s December meeting in a thinly-veiled allusion to Silvers’ conduct. “Nor is it an inquisitorial star chamber.”  The rebuke hearkened back to the committee’s October session when Silvers  — head of the most powerful trade union federation in the U.S.  — railed against bitcoin and directed sharp criticisms toward at least one panelist who was representing the blockchain industry.  “At the October meeting, Mr. Silvers scolded a committee witness, Adam Ludwin, who spoke about bitcoin and blockchain technology. Mr. Silvers said the bitcoin market has become a speculative bubble and demanded to know why the cryptocurrency is not considered an investment contract that the SEC regulates,” according to a  report from The Wall Street Journal’s Dave Michaels .  Ludwin is the chief executive officer of  Chain , an enterprise blockchain development firm based out of San Francisco. He is an outspoken proponent of the cryptocurrency asset class, and his “ Letter to Jamie Dimon ” was widely-hailed within the community for its nuanced analysis of the industry and its future.  Ludwin, along with other panelists, had been invited to discuss blockchain technology and its potential impacts on the securities industry.  “I don’t want to hear marketing language,” Silvers said in response to Ludwin’s statement. “I am deeply, deeply frustrated with a conversation that seems to evade the law. … I am not interested in the slightest in parables or technical jargon. I am interested in law, and you have not said a single thing that is legally relevant.”  Despite this claim, however,  Bloomberg reports  that  — during the same meeting  — Silvers also repeatedly cut off panelist Nancy Liao, the executive director of the Yale Law School Center for the Study of Corporate Law.  One should avoid reading too much into the incident because Republicans and union officials rarely see eye-to-eye. Consequently, it would not be surprising if Silvers and Piwowar have had spats before.  Nevertheless, it ’s a testament to the emergence of the cryptocurrency industry that, over time, the sort of posture exhibited by Silvers in response to information about bitcoin and blockchain technology, is gradually becoming the exception  — not the rule.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Market Cap Briefly Surpasses That of JPMorgan, World’s Largest Bank Twitter  Bitcoin’s market valuation briefly surpassed that of JPMorgan, the world’s largest bank, earlier today, on December 8.  Bitcoin Market Cap Briefly Surpasses That of JPMorgan, Based on South Korea’s Trading Price  George Kikvadze, a highly regarded bitcoin investor and the vice chairman at major bitcoin mining firm Bitfury,  revealed  that the market cap of JPMorgan at $363 billion was surpassed by bitcoin, based on its price in South Korea.  As  CCN reported yesterday , the South Korean bitcoin exchange market often demonstrates premiums that are significantly higher than other major regions such as the US and Japan. As such, the price difference between the global average price of bitcoin and the trading value within the South Korean market can reach up to 20 to 25 percent.  Today, the price of bitcoin surpassed $22,500 in South Korea, as the global average price of bitcoin peaked at around $17,500. A $22,500 price placed the market valuation of bitcoin at $376 billion, $3 billion higher than that of JPMorgan.  For the global bitcoin price to achieve $22,500, it may take several weeks after the listing of bitcoin futures by the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) and CME Group on December 10 and December 18, respectively.   But, given that the market valuation of bitcoin according to bitcoin’s’ trading value in the South Korean market briefly surpassed the market cap of JPMorgan, the market valuation of bitcoin based on its global average price will likely surpass that of JPMorgan in the short-term, possibly by the year’s end.  What’s Next?  Earlier today,  CCN reported  that Goldman Sachs, the second largest investment bank in the global finance industry behind JPMorgan, will trade bitcoin futures on behalf of its clients upon the launch of the bitcoin futures exchanges of CBOE and CME.   As an increasing number of leading financial institutions, hedge funds, and institutional investors continue to adopt bitcoin in the upcoming months, the price and the market valuation of bitcoin will rapidly surge, especially if tens of billions of dollars in institutional money flow into the bitcoin market, as explained by Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong.   In the long-term, the bitcoin market will be able to compete against gold and the offshore banking industry, which amount to approximately $40 to $50 trillion. As Ari Paul, the co-founder at BlockTower stated, bank executives like JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon understand the massive potential and disruptive nature of bitcoin within the traditional finance sector, specifically in the  offshore banking industry.  Bitcoin can process payments and provide a better store of value that are in orders of magnitude superior to the products and services offered by banks, like JPMorgan. Paul explained that it is for that precise reason Dimon had condemned bitcoin in the past, as he considers bitcoin as a competition against JPMorgan and the traditional finance industry.  If bitcoin evolves into a widely recognized and accepted store of value, and successfully penetrates into the markets of gold and offshore banking, the market cap of bitcoin can reach tens of trillions of dollars, in the long-term. As leading electronics retailer Overstock CEO Patrick Byrne  said:  “We have all these currencies since Bretton Woods, fluctuating against each other, and maybe the dollar hasn’t gone to zero against these currencies but all of them have gone down 95%  … versus something that they can’t control like … gold and bitcoin. So bitcoin may be on its way to a million for all we know.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
DECREASE	   Goldman Sachs Will Trade Bitcoin Futures For Clients Twitter  Goldman Sachs, the global finance market’s second largest investment bank behind JPMorgan, will begin trading bitcoin futures for its clients, once major exchanges list bitcoin futures in the upcoming weeks.  According to Bloomberg , a source familiar with the company’s bitcoin futures trading plan stated that in the short-term, bitcoin future trades made by Goldman Sachs on behalf of its clients will be processed on a case-by-case basis.   In a statement, Goldman Sachs spokeswoman Tiffany Galvin said:  “Given that this is a new product, as expected we are evaluating the specifications and risk attributes for the bitcoin futures contracts as part of our standard due diligence process.”  Goldman Sachs CEO Enthusiastic  Lloyd Blankfein, the Goldman Sachs chairman and CEO since 2006, said “if bitcoin works, we’ll get to it.” Last month, in an interview with Kayla Tausche from CNBC, Blankfein noted that he is open minded towards bitcoin, because many assets and technologies he viewed as “stupid and wrong” turned out to perform and work well.  Blankfein stated:  “I have an open mind about these things [bitcoin and cryptocurrencies] because there are a lot of things that work really really well today that I thought was stupid and wrong. I have a much more open mind about this and I know a lot of history of finance and I pointed out that there was a time wherein people only took gold coins.”  More importantly, Blankfein emphasized that the abrupt shift from the gold standard to the fiat currency system was rejected and failed to be adopted in the beginning. If bitcoin is a natural progression from hard money to digital money, Blankfein explained that bitcoin holds the potential to become the next gold and reserve currency of the world.  “A five dollar gold coin was worth five dollars because it had five dollars worth of gold in it. Then they issue paper money that is backed by gold in the treasury. Then one day, they issue paper money that does not have the backing of gold. There was no pledge that if you turn it in, I’ll give you five dollars of gold. It is fiat money. I say this piece of paper is worth five  dollars and so therefore it is five dollars and a lot of people did not take that for a long time. But, now they do without question. You move a little bit further and you get bitcoin that is not a fiat currency so I don’t trust, it and I don’t like it. On the other hand, if it works, I say maybe it was a natural progression from hard money to digital money, explained Blankfein .  CBOE’s Bitcoin Futures Launch on December 10  The bitcoin futures exchange of the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), is set to launch on December 10, merely two days from today. Large-scale investment banks and hedge funds such as Goldman Sachs and Man Group plan to invest in the cryptocurrency upon the launch of CBOE and CME’s bitcoin futures exchanges, given that those two markets are expected to significantly increa se the liquidity of bitcoin.  Goldman Sachs and its clients will likely utilize CBOE and CME bitcoin futures trading platforms to invest in bitcoin by mid-December.  With Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan optimistic in regards to the growth of bitcoin as the new gold and robust store of value, other major banks and financial institutions will inevitably follow.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Court Sentences Detroit Man For Trading Bitcoin Without Proper License Twitter  A federal court has sentenced a Detroit man to a year and a day in prison and three years of supervised release for trading  bitcoin  without a money service license, according to the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of Maine. The man, Sal Mansy, 41, has been sentenced along with his company, TV TOYZ LLC. Halsey Frank, a U.S Attorney, announced. Mansy pleaded guilty to the charges in May of this year.   The court ordered the defendants to forfeit close to $118,000 worth of bitcoin and cash.  The case was prosecuted in Maine since Mansy ’s company had advertised in Maine and he engaged in wire-payment transactions with Maine customers, U.S. Attorney Michael Conley told  Mainebiz.com .  $2.4 Million In Bitcoin Traded  Mansy purchased and sold around $2.4 million worth of bitcoin between August 2013 and June 2015, according to court records. Mansy funneled his transactions through TV TOYZ’s bank account. Mansy owned and operated TV TOYZ, a limited liability corporation.  Mansy failed to register his money service business with the  Financial Crimes Enforcement Network , in violation of federal law. Mansy violated Title 18 of the U.S. Code, section 1960, which outlaws transferring money as a business for others without obtaining the proper licenses.  Mansy knew he needed to register with FinCEN, the court records stated.  Agents seized a total of $118,134.57 worth of bitcoin and cash while searching Mansy ’s Detroit home in June 2015 following a year-long investigation.  The  Homeland Security  Investigation of the Portland, Me. and Detroit, Mich. offices of the U.S. Immigration  & Customs Enforcement conducted the investigation, along with the Saco Police Department.  Also read:  The White House is monitoring bitcoin: Press Secretary Sanders  Feds Crack Down  An October 2015 Congressional Research Service report said Congress is concerned about bitcoin ’s use in illegal money transfers, and about its effect on the ability of the Federal Reserve to meet its objectives (of stable prices, maximum employment, and financial stability). The report also expressed concerns about protecting consumers and investors who might use bitcoin.  Featured image from Shutterstock.     
DECREASE	   Novogratz: Governments Won’t Be Able To Muzzle Bitcoin Twitter  Bitcoin’s rising price brings the prospect of increased government scrutiny, but governments aren’t going to have an easy time regulating bitcoin, Michael Novogratz, CEO of Galaxy Investment Partners, told CNBC in a recent  “Power Lunch” interview .  Novogratz, a former hedge fund manager at Fortress Investment, is creating a $500 million fund to invest in cryptocurrencies. He said it is not likely that governments will be able to dismantle  bitcoin  should they attempt to do so.  Also read:  Novogratz: There may be a bubble in bitcoin, but bitcoin itself isn ’t a bubble  Bitcoin Could Hit $25,000  Given bitcoin’s recent gains, Novogratz said he can see the cryptocurrency price getting as high as $25,000, alarming government officials. He noted that regulators in many countries, including the U.S., are working with digital currency and find it intriguing.  Novogratz said bitcoin is in a “speculative frenzy” phase that is global.  Autonomous Next, a financial research firm, reported that at least 171 “cryptofunds” have launched, including 123 in 2017 alone.  Cboe Global Markets will launch bitcoin futures  on Sunday, while  CME ’s bitcoin futures is scheduled to launch  on Dec. 18. Such investments will bring bitcoin closer to being viewed as a legitimate asset class among the investment community.  Crypto To Find New Uses  Novogratz predicted there will be cryptocurrencies for ride sharing, cloud sharing and other uses.  Novogratz recently said that there may be a bubble in bitcoin in certain regions, but the cryptocurrency itself isn’t a bubble. He further noted there have been many bubbles in the past around innovative and revolutionary technologies such as the Internet.  The dotcom bubble, for instance, overvalued projects by significant margins, with several companies selling at billions of dollars by owning a domain or an online business.  But the Internet itself was not a bubble. It has transformed every industry in the world by revolutionizing communication and processing of information. There was a bubble around Internet, as demonstrated by the dotcom era, however the technology itself was not a bubble, a fraud, or a scam.  Bitcoin’s price has jumped 1,100%% this year, reaching $11,860 Tuesday.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   South Korean Government to Allow Institutional Investors to Participate in ICOs  Twitter  According to a report by Chosun, a leading mainstream news publication in South Korea, the South Korean government is planning to allow initial coin offerings (ICOs) in the near future, with strict regulations and policies in place.  ICO Will Not be Banned For All, Open For Institutional Investors  Chosun’s exclusive report revealed that the South Korean Ministry of Strategy and Finance, Financial Services Commission, Ministry of Justice, Fair Trade Commission, and Financial Supervisory Commission, have formed a task force that will focus on drafting various regulatory frameworks for businesses and investors in the cryptocurrency industry.  Specifically, the task force will actively investigate into the possibility of taxing bitcoin investors, imposing stricter Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) policies, and allowing institutional investors to participate in ICOs.  A spokesperson of the task force  told Chosun:  “Currently, the task force is considering imposing stricter regulations for investor and consumer protection within the cryptocurrency market.” The spokesperson added “in regards to ICOs, the government will likely impose regulations to enable institutional investors to invest in ICOs.”  But, even in the long-term the spokesperson emphasized that it is not possible to allow the public to invest in ICOs. “It is not possible to allow any citizen of South Korea to invest in ICOs. However, the government may allow institutional investors that meet capital requirements established by the Financial Supervisory Commission.  Despite the current state of the global ICO market, which is composed of many fraudulent projects and campaigns with no substance, as Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin admitted, ICO as a crowdfunding method is a phenomenal way for any startup or project to raise capital from a decentralized ecosystem on a peer-to-peer (P2P) basis.  Limiting ICOs to accredited traders and institutional investors undermines the concept and the purpose of ICOs. Hence, excessive regulations targeted at ICOs could result in startups rejecting ICOs as a viable method of crowdfunding and return to the traditional venture capital system.  South Korean Government Will Go With the Flow  Previously, the South Korean government did not intend to regulate its cryptocurrency industry, because that would lead the public to believe that the government has accepted and embraced the cryptocurrency industry as a well-regulated and legitimate market.  But, the South Korean government has changed its stance over the past few weeks, primarily due to the rapid rise in demand for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in the South Korean market. A government official told Chosun in an exclusive interview that the South Korean government will try to follow the roadmap of other governments and leading markets such as Japan and the US,  to provide a better ecosystem for both cryptocurrency businesses and investors.  “The South Korean government has no other choice but to follow the regulatory frameworks and trends established by other leading governments. While there certainly exists a negative reputation attached to the cryptocurrencies, the government’s stance is to allow what has to be allowed, for the benefit of the South Korean market. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin’s Wild Ride: a Run-Down of Thursday’s Dizzying Movements Twitter  Widespread outages. A $4,000 spread between two of the largest Western exchanges. The fastest $1,000 bitcoin price surge in history. Those were just a few of the events that bitcoin traders encountered on Thursday  — a day that proved to be one of the most frantic in recent memory.  The bitcoin price began the day on an incline, punching through $15,000 less than 24 hours after reaching $13,000. The rapidity of bitcoin’s climb triggered a  mass exodus from the altcoin markets , as traders rushed to increase their bitcoin holdings to profit from the rally.  This influx of former altcoin capital  propelled bitcoin forward  at an even brisker pace, and the flagship cryptocurrency began to soar with virtually no resistance. This was especially true on GDAX, a professional U.S. trading platform operated by Coinbase. Within a 12-hour span, the bitcoin price leaped by $5,000, and the last $1,000 took just five minutes. At 11:30, the  bitcoin price nearly pierced $20,000 , although it ultimately met resistance after peaking at $19,697.  Source: GDAX  The rally left many investors dumbstruck, but perhaps even more shocking was the fact that it was largely localized to GDAX. Even as bitcoin went parabolic on GDAX, it failed to surpass $16,000 on either Bitstamp or Bitfinex, two other large exchanges that offer USD trading pairs. At one point, the spread between GDAX and Bitfinex swelled to $4,000  — a gap that would have even appeared excessive on Bithumb, a Korean exchange notorious for its large premiums.  And then bitcoin began to go back to earth. The dump came just as quickly as the ascent, and within minutes the bitcoin price had shed more than $4,500 on GDAX, although it continued to trade above $15,000  — at least briefly.  At this point  — as has so often been the case  — the flurry of activity led to cascading exchange outages as traders frantically searched for an operational exchange.  Coinbase reported experiencing record traffic at approximately 11 a.m. ET., and less than an hour later  — shortly after bitcoin clipped $19,000 and began to plunge  — GDAX halted market orders. Before long, users were reporting outages on Kraken and Bitfinex, although all of these exchanges were accessible again at the time of writing.   heh,, -coinbase -gdax -bitfinex -kraken ARE ALL DOWN 😨  pic.twitter.com/gyDmQhxfkS  — Jackie ☃️ (@urboijackie)  December 7, 2017   At present, bitcoin is trading at a global average of $16,724, representing a single-day increase of 23 percent. Movements like this are to be expected of a nascent asset class like cryptocurrency, but, given this present level of volatility, one begins to wonder whether Cboe, CME, and other exchanges planning to  launch bitcoin futures  will be able to  “ tame ” bitcoin after all.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   BETEX, First P2P Binary Option Announces Transparent Platform Development and Private Sale Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Binary option, or asset-or-nothing option, was highly favored as derivatives instrument for thousands of brokers and traders. The simplicity of the instrument that allows investors to guess whether or not a specific event will happen raked an estimated $30 billion annually for the market. However, dishonest brokers, shady practices, and opaque terms have resulted in tougher reg ulation and stricter stance by government agencies. Despite concrete efforts by the industry to regain credibility through ad campaigns, most people remain wary of entering the market.    Once Bitten, Twice …  Trust is arguably the most fragile quality in the known universe; easily lost, difficult to regain. unless you can comprehensively prove your worth. A copious amount of information is required to establish trust, especially in the financial industry. Investors must also have access to an honest, transparent, and secure platform where they can safely execute their bets without w orrying about the integrity of the operators.   This is what  BETEX , a revolutionary peer-to-peer platform on the blockchain, is developing a transparent ecosystem for binary options and other derivatives. Through the disintermediation of services, BETEX allows users to directly bet against each other with no third-party interference.   “Our mission is to bring unprecedented transparency to the derivatives’ market, as well as develop the new derivatives, which won’t leave any chances for the old shady trading instruments to exist,” explains Oleg Torkhov, CEO of BETEX.  BETEX ’s specialized and ready-to-use solution offers the following benefits:  Traders: A steady stream of earning opportunity if they can correctly indicate a short- or medium-term trend in the price change of the selected basic asset (trading pair). Brokers: Commission fee of 2% of the total amount of their users ’ bets Investors: 2.5% of the total volume on the platform is distributed among token holders. Each token holder automatically receives a part of this commission based on the number of tokens they have  BETEX MVP is already available on two websites —  https://Betex.io  and  https://GoBet.io  — showcasing the advantages of its common liquidity pool concept  An Ecosystem Like No Other  Unlike traditional platforms, BETEX provides access to real-time data and records all information on the blockchain, thereby, ensuring absolute transparency of its system. Liquidity on the platform is secured through a white label scheme connecting traders to brokers and maintaining the integrity of the ecosystem. The platform will also distribute 95% of the pool among winning  traders and take 2.5% for commission fee while distributing the rest among token holders.  “All transactions will be publicly available for any checks. No one, including the platform, will be able to influence the process.”  Token Pre-sale  Settlement on the platform is powered by BETEX token, which will be made available to investors in two pre-sale rounds:  Pre-Sale Round 1 – Starts on 04.12.2017 and ends 20.12.17 Pre-Sale Round 2 – Starts on 10.01.18 and ends 31.01.18  Only KYC/AML-compliant investors are eligible for this private offer.  BETEX aims to be fully compliant with all regulatory bodies and has initiated to future-proof itself by registering with the SEC and other regulatory authorities.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Ebbs From $18,000 High as Market Continues to Set Records Twitter  The bitcoin price made another bullish run on Thursday, reaching above $18,000 for the first time in its brief history. Friday morning, however, the bitcoin price began to ebb from this peak, providing altcoins with an opportunity to begin to mount a recovery after Thursday ’s carnage.  Source: CoinMarketCap  At the height of the rally, bitcoin carried the cryptocurrency market cap above $450 billion, briefly making the sum total of all cryptocurrencies more valuable than tech conglomerate Alibaba. However, at the time of writing, the cryptocurrency market cap was valued at $415 billion, which nevertheless represents a 24-hour increase of approximately three percent.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Pierces $18,000  Thursday was a frantic one for the bitcoin markets, as traders once again  grappled with outages  at some of the world ’s largest exchanges. Altogether, the global average bitcoin price reached a new all-time high of $18,353, with U.S. exchange GDAX  pricing it as high as $19,697  at the height of the rally. Friday morning, however, the bitcoin price  began to decline , and by the time of writing, it had settled down to $15,532  — a mark just above its previous-day level.  Bitcoin Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Nevertheless, this week ’s movement has been sufficient to propel bitcoin into 18th on the list of the world ’s most valuable liquid currencies, placing it ahead of Australia and Luxembourg.  Source: Jameson Lopp/CIA World Factbook  Ethereum Price Recovers to $450  Ethereum, like all cryptocurrencies not named bitcoin, has struggled to tread water this week as traders have consolidated their holdings into bitcoin amidst its breakneck climb. On Friday, some of that capital began to flow back into the wider markets, enabling the ethereum price to recover to $450 from its previous mark of $423. This movement raised ethereum ’s market cap to $43.3 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Altcoins Plot Minor Recovery  Fueled by ethereum, altcoins made a $5 billion advance on Friday, raising the altcoin market cap to $152 billion. However, those gains were not evenly distributed, and several top-tier coins continued to decline against the value of the dollar.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The bitcoin cash price rose nearly seven percent to $1,452, raising the third-largest cryptocurrency ’s market cap to $24.5 billion. The IOTA price leaped 22 percent, shaking off Thursday ’s temporary pullback.  IOTA Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Ripple and dash each rose more than eight percent, and the litecoin price rose just enough to broach the $100 mark once again.  However, bitcoin gold, monero, and cardano continued to post moderate declines on Friday to round out the top 10, although their one-hour charts signaled that a recovery may be imminent.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
DECREASE	   Growing Kids in Genuine Safety Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Most parents have been there at some point or another. Your child’s favorite toy or stuffed animal  – something they can’t be separated from  – and while you’re scanning through online reviews, you discover that the toy is toxic. Suddenly the favorite toy has to be taken away!   The need for  protection for our kids  never been more intense than with the fast-growing market for babies and children. Huge numbers of items are regularly put onto online shopping networks and are then pumped by false reviews from paid advertisers. The reality of the product though, is that it will eventually be discovered to be toxic.  A good illustration of this is the “Sophie the Giraffe” toy. The toy was designed around toddlers who are teething, yet was found to have mould growing inside the toy. Despite these findings, the toy remained incredibly successful and the company manufacturing it maintained high sales. Using their vast resources, it would be very easy for the manufacturer to avoid scandal by pa ying for reviews.    Blockchain for change  Within the baby and childcare education and products market, a new Blockchain-based platform from a group of family-oriented entrepreneurs called  FamilyPoints  promises to provide real information for parents and kids by accessing the ‘crowd’. On the platform, parents, manufacturers, and educators have provided an opportunity for real honest reviews about products and services.   Additionally, as parents share reviews and use discounts on products through the trust platform, they receive rewards and can use those rewards on additional discounts and services. Products avoid the huge margins associated with the industry, but still maintain their high quality standards. Services on the platform include excellent educational content for parents and kids ali ke as well as consultations with parenting experts.   The digital ecosystem is designed to allow parents and educators to share wisdom and product reviews on the Blockchain ledger, which keeps everything immutable. With this trust-based approach, the platform is able to provide parents with real information that is untouchable by illegitimate data. In other words, data and product knowledge are really honest  – something that is almost impossible to achieve on traditional product sites.   Experience pays  The group that has created the FamilyPoints platform is well educated in order to provide excellent information on child products and education. The experienced group has already created one of the most successful content for parental education on the internet called Babystep. Babystep has built the world’s largest video library of important and excellent parenting information  with more than 1,150 videos in 8 different languages.   Further, Babystep has already won the G-Startup award, during China’s biggest startup competition, and has already launched the mobile video platform. The Babystep platform has already generated 15 million organic monthly views and has an established subscriber base of 1.5 million in 2017.  Welcome to the token sale  The success that Babystep has already generated shows that the FamilyPoints platform is in good hands. The company has already put in place the necessary backing to launch their token sale in order to crowdfund the creation of the platform and to generate the internal cryptocurrency that will be used on the platform by subscribers.   The token, called the  FamilyPoints Tokens (FPT) , will be generated in a one time token sale for subscribers. The tokens will be used for reviews, purchases, advertising and more within the ecosystem. The pre-sale will start on December 1, with the public sale following on December 10, and concluding on December 31. Early buyers will receive bonuses.   With the new platform in place, parents will have new and important information at their fingertips, and won’t need to disappoint their kids with falsely reviewed products ever again.   
DECREASE	   Presenting InsurePal – Distributed Blockchain Based Social Proof Insurance Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  The rise of blockchain innovation has made possible an enormous number of changes that bring transparency across the entire value chain and return the autonomy back to the users in the biggest global industries that have so far remained intact. The distributed ledger already affected various segments, from politics to entertainment and mostly, finances. For the first time, its effect can also be used to change the $7 trillion global insurance market of today.   What Are Friends For?   Social proof is a psychological phenomenon where people rely on feedbacks and the actions of others in decision making. These days, people rarely buy anything without checking to see what other people are saying or have said about the product. Because feedback from real life customers is readily available at users’ fingertips, the market has become mindful of the quality of its services and products. However, one market is yet to benefit from the impact of this powerful tool; the insurance industry.   The insurance industry is plagued by various problems, from false claims to identification, privacy invasion, poor segmentation, and opacity. However, these problems are soon to become a thing of the past with  InsurePal .   Knowing You, Knowing Me  InsurePal is a decentralized and self-regulating insurance platform based on social proofing. The platform is the first to leverage blockchain technology and peer-to-peer assessments to create a rewarding and transparent platform for insurance policies. With InsurePal, users will be able to leverage information by their friends, families, neighbors, and peers to vouch for their eligibility and lower the cost of subscription through an innovative Trustscore rating system. Say for example, you want cheaper car insurance, you are a safe driver, and someone you know is on the platform can vouch for you. You automatically become eligible, while your endorser becomes financially responsible in case of any fault claim. But if you are as good as your reputation claims, both par ties have nothing to worry about!   The Future is Decentralized   Unlike traditional providers, Insurepal has recognized the importance of the blockchain and is not only utilizing its immutability to provide a trustless and auditable system, InsurePal will also be securing blockchain business transactions, providing compensation unrealized deal to the injured party. They will establish the trust among all the stakeholders and greatly accelerate the quality and quantity of all future blockchain business transactions. Considering all of this, they believe now is the best time for a new insurance player to further investigate blockchain and oﬀer a revolutionizing solution on InsurePal platform that will fully harness the innovative power of blockchain technology.  “Its implementation has a long-term horizon to fundamentally simplify the business processes as we know today and build a highly customer-centric product that is designed for the benefit of each individual and not for the profits of the insurance companies” says Matt Peterman, InsurePal’s CEO.  Future Prospects   Already, InsurePal has filed patent claim across the globe in order to position it as the “go to” platform for social-proof based insurance. The platform is also developing a UK pilot project for car insurance which will be unveiled soon.  To Find out more, visit:  https://insurepal.io/  Or watch the explainer video  https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1 &v=X4GY_zfUSxU  Read about how Insurepal will disrupt the industry  https://insurepal.io/InsurePal_whitepaper.pdf  And join our community:  BitcoinTalk:  https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2495721.new#new  Telegram:  https://t.me/InsurePal  Twitter:  https://twitter.com/InsurePal_io  Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/InsurePal/  LinkedIn:  https://www.linkedin.com/company/insurepal/  
DECREASE	   How This Blockchain Startup Is Set to Disrupt the Rental Space Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  A  report released  on October 31, 2017 by the US Census Bureau revealed two key facts about the current rental market. First, homeownership, while on the rise, is still nowhere near its recent peak in 2004-2005. Unsurprisingly, rental vacancy rates having been dropping since the global financial crisis in 2007-2008. Second, the median asking rent for vacant rent units has been steadily increasin g since 1995. Though inflation plays a part, increased demand is what is driving prices higher. Simply put, the rental market is quite strong.  But this doesn’t mean that the rental market is perfect –far from it. In fact, the current rental market has two glaring flaws that need to be addressed. First, landlords can levy sky-high upfront costs that discourage potential renters. Second, rental third parties add additional costs to an already expensive process.  One company,  Rentberry , is looking to disrupt traditional rental markets by introducing blockchain technology into the industry. Rentberry already has a platform in place with 53% month over month user growth (as of Q3 2017). They’re in almost 5,000 cities and have processed over 4,000 applications. They want to integrate blockchain technology with the platform to decentralize the rental marketplace . In doing so, they can lower costs for renters while cutting out third party expenses.  Sky-High Upfront Costs are the Norm in Some Places  In some cities, sky-high prices are commonplace. Take for instance rental markets in California. It is not uncommon for landlords to charge between  two and three times  the monthly rent payments as a security deposit. Additionally, landlords can charge  application screening fees  on top of the security deposits.  So, what about the single worker who relocates to Los Angeles for a new job? A one bedroom, fully-furnished apartment in Los Angeles costs on average $2,200. With first month’s rent, the security deposit (3x the monthly rent), and a $500 application screening fee, the upfront cost is $9,300.  To be sure, most of the security deposit will be refunded. But $9,300 is an extremely high upfront cost, especially when some landlords only accept bank transfers and cashiers checks as payment. These upfront costs end up turning away otherwise qualified tenants.  Rentberry is proposing a proprietary blockchain solution that will allow renters to crowdsource their security deposit coverage. By tokenizing the platform with BERRY tokens, the entire Rentberry community, no matter where they are in the world, can participate. This tokenization is what enables the crowdsourcing to happen.   So, in the example above, the new renter can pay the $930 for the deposit (10% down), then source the rest of his security deposit in BERRY tokens (90%). Other users will offer their BERRY tokens to help, and tenants can select which users to help front the payment. Those that offer their tokens for other users’ security deposits receive rewards, serving as a type of interest payment. Thus Rentberry will essentially create a decentralized loan market for security deposits.   What’s more, because the platform will operate with a decentralized cryptocoin, neither tenants or lenders have to worry about fraud or security. The platform will be designed with smart contracts, ensuring that all terms are met down to the last detail.  It’s a win-win for all parties –landlords receive their deposit, rent money, and have access to a wider applicant base; renters can rent apartments they wouldn’t otherwise be able to get; and lenders are rewarded in an interest type structure that rewards them for fronting coins to help out with security deposits.   Decentralization Cuts Out Third Parties and the Fees that Come With  Why do landlords charge so much for rent? In one sense, if the market is strong, they can. It is simply the laws of supply and demand in action. But, landlords themselves also have expenses that can be passed down to renters in the form of rent payments.   A landlord has a difficult job –he or she must source tenants, set them up, and manage their properties. This requires third parties like brokers and administrative assistants. Part of Rentberry’s blockchain integration will create a decentralized marketplace where landlords and tenants can interact directly, thereby eliminating the need for a broker or agent. The platform also creates a uniform rental application process –goodbye outdated administrative tasks and costs.  In order to fund these changes, Rentberry is having a token  pre-sale  that begins on December 5, 2017. The main ICO will start in January 2018.  
DECREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Loses $3,000 in Major Correction, Regains Upward Run Twitter  Bitcoin’s wild ride continues as the cryptocurrency took an abrupt fall in trading above $17,000 to hit a ‘low’ of $14,106.  Friday ’s Bitfinex chart.  Bitcoin price has had its biggest fall in dollar valuation yet, losing over $3,000 from it’s high of $17,203.45 during the early hours of Friday (UTC) down to $14,106.32,  global average  markets’ data shows. The 17% drop, while steep, falls short of the  20% decline  in bitcoin prices on November 30 – a day after bitcoin price  hit $10,000 .  At press time, bitcoin is trading back above $15,500.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Yahoo Co-Founder Jerry Yang is a Believer in Bitcoin as Currency Twitter  Yahoo co-founder believes digital currencies will play a significant role in the future of society, even though bitcoin isn’t “quite there yet”.  Speaking at the sidelines of the Fortune Global Forum in China, Yahoo co-founder Jerry Yang drew parallels to bitcoin’s volatility and technology stocks from the “early days of the internet”. Refreshingly, the early internet pioneer opted to speak about bitcoin as a currency rather than the go-to narrative of its value at a time when bitcoin price struck a new all-time high of  $15,000 today.  “Bitcoin as a digital currency is not quite there yet,” he told  CNBC . “People are not using it to transact. People are using it as an investable asset.”  Notably, he added:  I personally am a believer in where digital currency can play a role in our society. Especially in, not only the front end of doing transactions but also in the backend of creating a much more efficient system and a much more verifiable system.  Yang’s remarks about digital currencies like bitcoin ring a similar tune to those offered by Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak who sees bitcoin as a cryptocurrency that is “ more genuine and real ” than the U.S. dollar and superior to gold as a store of value.  “But for now,” Yang added, “it seems like [bitcoin] is more driven by the hype of investing and getting a return rather than using it as transactional currency.”  The technologists’ opinions on bitcoin are in marked contrast, however, to that of JPMorgan chief Jamie Dimon who labelled bitcoin a ‘ fraud ’ recently. A noted bitcoin skeptic, Dimon has previously said bitcoin “is worth nothing” in 2015, at a time when bitcoin was trading under $300. Yesterday, bitcoin’s soaring price helped propel the entire cryptocurrency market cap  ahead of JPMorgan’s $360 billion .  Featured image from Flickr/ Yahoo .  
DECREASE	   Your Utility Token ICO Is Probably a Securities Offering: SEC Chairman Twitter  U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Chairman Jay Clayton issued a public statement on cryptocurrencies and initial coin offerings (ICOs), providing blockchain startups and ICO investors alike with the most in-depth look yet into the SEC’s stance on this nascent fundraising model  — as well as whether utility token ICOs are subject to SEC regulation.  It’s a lengthy  statement , and all market participants should read it in full, whether they intend to engage in ICOs or not. Nevertheless, here are the highlights.  The SEC Is Bullish on ICOs  Chairman Clayton was careful to state that although the SEC is concerned about ICOs, he believes the fundraising model is a promising way for startups to raise development capital.  “I believe that initial coin offerings – whether they represent offerings of securities or not – can be effective ways for entrepreneurs and others to raise funding, including for innovative projects,” he said .  Similarly, he stated that the technology used to power cryptocurrencies and ICOs could prove to be a disruptive force in the financial industry, potentially presenting investors on both Wall Street and Main Street with “promising investment opportunities”.  “The technology on which cryptocurrencies and ICOs are based may prove to be disruptive, transformative and efficiency enhancing.  I am confident that developments in fintech will help facilitate capital formation and provide promising investment opportunities for institutional and Main Street investors alike,” Clayton said.  Your Utility Token ICO is Probably a Securities Offering  Nevertheless, this positive outlook does not mean the SEC is going to turn a blind eye to the ICO marketplace. He stated that the SEC is very concerned about the lack of investor protection, as well as increased prevalence of fraud and market manipulation.  “A number of concerns have been raised regarding the cryptocurrency and ICO markets, including that, as they are currently operating, there is substantially less investor protection than in our traditional securities markets, with correspondingly greater opportunities for fraud and manipulation,” he said.  Notably, he stated that most token sales of which he is aware  — including utility token ICOs  — fall under the purview of securities registration requirements, even though no token sale has registered with the SEC as a securities offering.  “By and large, the structures of initial coin offerings that I have seen promoted involve the offer and sale of securities and directly implicate the securities registration requirements and other investor protection provisions of our federal securities laws,” he said.  However, perhaps just as notably, he did not say that  all  ICOs are securities offerings, indicating that there is a framework through which true utility tokens  — not securities wrapped with a utility token ICO label  — could raise money through unregulated ICOs.  He gave the illustration of a utility token ICO used to bootstrap a book-of-the-month club as an example of a valid example of a token sale that would not constitute a securities offering.  “For example, a token that represents a participation interest in a book-of-the-month club may not implicate our securities laws, and may well be an efficient way for the club’s operators to fund the future acquisition of books and facilitate the distribution of those books to token holders.  In contrast, many token offerings appear to have gone beyond this construct and are mo re analogous to interests in a yet-to-be-built publishing house with the authors, books and distribution networks all to come,” he said.  The SEC Will Continue to Ramp Up ICO Enforcement  Finally, Mr. Clayton indicated that the SEC’s enforcement division is going to continue to ramp up enforcement of noncompliant ICOs.  “I have asked the SEC’s Division of Enforcement to continue to police this area vigorously and recommend enforcement actions against those that conduct initial coin offerings in violation of the federal securities laws,” he said.  This is not surprising. As CCN  reported , one of the SEC’s new Cyber Unit’s chief mandates is to police ICOs, and just this month the SEC has revealed that the task force has intervened against two such ICOs. The commission filed a fraud suit against the organizers of the  PlexCoin ICO   — and one of its operators was thrown in jail. The SEC also halted the Munchee ICO, although it did not take further action against the startup’s operators other than requiring them to return the funds they had already raised.  
DECREASE	   Alleged Bitcoin Launderer and BTC-E Admin Likely to Stand Trial in U.S. Twitter  Alleged bitcoin launderer and BTC-e administrator Alexander Vinnik is likely to stand trial in the U.S. after a Greek court denied his appeal against the extradition order.  Earlier this year, Greek courts had  approved extradition requests  from both the U.S. and Russia. Vinnik said that he would voluntarily comply with the  Russian extradition order , but he appealed the U.S. request to the Supreme Court.   However, Greece’s top court denied Vinnik’s appeal on Wednesday, according to a  Reuters report .  “The Supreme Court’s decision was expected, it is a decision on an appeal on the same decision of the Thessaloniki court. There are more opportunities for legal work which will be carried out now,” Vinnik’s lawyer, Timofey Musatov,  said on Wednesday , as cited by Sputnik.  Vinnik, 38, is wanted in the U.S. for allegedly  laundering more than $4 billion in bitcoins , including funds stolen from the now-defunct bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox. A grand jury has indicted him on 21 counts, for which he faces up to 20 years in federal prison.  At the behest of the U.S., local authorities  arrested Vinnik , a Russian national, earlier this year while he was vacationing in Greece. Vinnik and his legal team have protested that he should stand trial in Russia, where he has been indicted on minor fraud charges involving an alleged $10,500 theft.  BTC-e, the bitcoin exchange Vinnik allegedly ran, was seized by authorities at the time of his arrest. The exchange  — which ultimately rebranded and relaunched as WEX  — denied that Vinnik was ever employed by the company, while Vinnik maintains that he was merely a technician.  The Russian government has been highly critical of the Greek justice system for approving the U.S. extradition order and has argued that, under international law, Russia ’s request should take precedence since Vinnik is a Russian citizen.  Greece’s justice minister will make the final extradition decision, but the Supreme Court’s ruling does not bode well for Vinnik’s desire to avoid standing trial in the U.S.  
DECREASE	   What CryptoKitties Reveals About Ethereum Scalability Issues Twitter  In case you thought 2017 couldn’t get any weirder, the world is now obsessed with virtual cats.  CryptoKitties  is a virtual game that allows players to collect and breed digital cats. In the game’s short lifespan (it launched on November 28th) it has already drawn interest from players across the globe. Many users are drawn to the game because it is completely personalized.  The “cats” an individual breeds or collects are uniquely their own and cannot be cloned by other users. When users breed their own cats they can add distinctive colors, facial features, or backgrounds to distinguish their cats from other users’ on the marketplace. Once a cat has been bred, its creator can sell it on the marketplace. As of December 11th, 2017, these virtual cats  had generated an estimated  $12 million in sales .  Although the trading of virtual cats might seem like a silly, fleeting trend, the transactional aspect may have long-term implications. What really sets CryptoKitties apart from other addictive online games is its Ethereum foundation. The marketplace,  developed by AxiomZen , was built on Ethereum’s blockchain ledger, and users buy and sell cats on the protocol using Ethereum’s proprietary token, Ether.  CryptoKitties has quickly become the most popular smart contract on Ethereum, and as of December 10th, 2017, the marketplace accounted for almost  15% of Ethereum’s total network transactions .  In many respects, the mass hysteria surrounding these kittens is a win for the blockchain industry, as a whole. The game has brought blockchain technology –specifically Ethereum –into mainstream media. One of the biggest issues hindering the progress and dissemination of blockchain is its perceived inaccessibility, but CryptoKitties serves as an uncomplicated entry point for users of all backgrounds to get acquainted with blockchain.  In fact, one of the driving forces behind AxiomZen’s decision to develop this type of game was to offer consumers easy access to blockchain technology. The more user-friendly blockchain is perceived, the faster its development and widespread adoption will occur. Now, even individuals who are not interested in Bitcoin, cryptocurrency, or decentralized ledgers are aware of the ty pes of applications these protocols can power. Despite its global popularity, the overnight success of CryptoKitties has also revealed weaknesses within Ethereum.  These CryptoKitties have single-handedly overwhelmed Ethereum’s network, which means slower transaction times for all applications running on the decentralized architecture. CryptoKitties is encountering speed scalability issues, meaning the issues that are arising from the Ethereum network are related to an inefficient consensus algorithm. It is too hard and takes too much wor k to move information (or, in this case, virtual kitties) around, and thus the cost and time needed to conduct those kitty transfers grew out of control.  The Ethereum network is designed to store all data within the blockchain, which means that accelerated growth of an application adds an exponential amount of data to the chain’s storage burden. As more developers begin building Ethereum applications, and more data is stored on the protocol, the increasing on-chain storage demands will continue to clog the network and reduce tra nsaction times. Oddly, rapid growth is becoming a double-edged sword.  Potential Solutions to the Madness  One of the most effective ways to grow blockchain-based applications without sacrificing accessibility or transaction speed is to store data off the chain. Companies are jumping at the opportunity to solve kitten congestion and prevent another massive and widespread outage.  For example,  Dispatch Labs , a blockchain-based venture, has developed its own business-ready blockchain that addresses the  storage weaknesses  of existing protocols. New consensus algorithms, like the Delegated Proof of Stake model which Dispatch is utilizing, allow for faster and cheaper transactions on a blockchain. In the case of CryptoKitties, this would mean kitties could be transferred more quickly and effectively. Also, it would cost less to transfer, than on the Ethereum network.  Regardless of whether or not the cat craze dies down, the CryptoKitties explosion has revealed a weakness in the Ethereum ecosystem that developers would be wise not to ignore. Some even call it an important hurdle in Ethereum ’s roadmap.  As blockchain technology grows in user recognition and enterprise adoption, network congestion may become a persisting problem. For developers who are eager to launch an application that sparks mass transactions, it could be beneficial to explore blockchains that utilize consensus algorithms to accommodate faster, cheaper, and more efficient transactions.  Featured image from YouTube.  
DECREASE	   ‘Sell It Here’: Mike Novogratz Bearish After Litecoin Price Surge Twitter  Legendary trader and prominent bitcoin bull Mike Novogratz said that he does not believe that the litecoin price will sustain its dramatic early-week rally and he would “sell it here.”  Speaking with  CNBC , Novogratz  — the founder of crypto hedge fund Galaxy Investment Partners  — stated that although he believes bitcoin represents a  buying opportunity  for investors even after its fourth-quarter rally, he does not think that litecoin offers the same upside.  “I don’t think [the litecoin rally] has the same legs as bitcoin,” he said. “I’d sell it here” and buy bitcoin.  Over the course of the past week, the litecoin price has  more than tripled , and on cryptocurrency exchange GDAX it briefly crossed $400. At present, the litecoin price is trading at a global average of $336, making it the fifth-largest cryptocurrency by total market cap.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Novogratz attributed the rally to an “agile promoter”  — presumably Litecoin creator Charlie Lee, who has made several high-profile media appearances this week  — and hype around lightning network technology, which is expected to be integrated into both Bitcoin and Litecoin.  Another theory is that Coinbase users, many of whom are new to the cryptocurrency markets, are buying litecoin because it appears “cheap” compared to bitcoin and ethereum, the other two cryptocurrencies offered on the brokerage platform.  Novogratz said that rallies such as litecoin ’s are a byproduct of the industry ’s  “speculative mania, ” as well as the fact that none of the protocols  — not even Bitcoin  — are ready for  “prime time. ”  “This is what a speculative mania feels like. We are in the middle of a speculative mania, and phase one of this whole decentralized revolution is just selling the story. None of these protocols are going to be ready for prime time for at least two to three years, so we’re selling the story of what the future is going to be, ” he said.  Of course, Novogratz is quick to admit that his bets have been wrong before. Although he called bitcoin ’s ascent to $10,000, he believed that achievement would trigger a selloff. Consequently, he sold some of his holdings, waiting to buy back in following a dip that never came.  “Cost me a fortune, ” he  said .  Featured image from Bloomberg.  
DECREASE	   Indian Tax Authorities Visit Bitcoin Exchanges Across the Country Twitter  The Income Tax Department of the Indian government has reportedly swooped in on nine bitcoin exchanges to look into alleged tax evasion.  According to a  report  from the Press Trust of India (PTI), the country’s largest news agency, multiple investigative teams from the Income Tax (IT) department in India jointly visited the premises of nine bitcoin exchanges today to conduct ‘survey operations’ on suspicion of alleged tax evasion.  Under section 133A of the Income Tax Act, the survey enables the tax sleuths to gather “evidence for establishing the identity of investors and traders, transaction undertaken by them, identity of counterparties, related bank accounts used, among others,” the report cites official tax authority sources as stating.  The coordinated operation saw multiple teams visit nine unnamed exchanges in a number of cities including Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Kochi, according to the report. The swoop is seen as the first major operation by Indian tax authorities against bitcoin exchanges, coming at a time when bitcoin prices  continue to break record highs  – up over 1,700% since the turn of the year.  Earlier this year, major Indian bitcoin exchanges  launched a self-regulatory body  to standardize AML and KYC norms for users and adopters as authorities and regulators continue to remain ambiguous over clear guidelines or a regulatory future for the industry. In November, India’s Supreme Court called on authorities and various ministries to  draft legislation  to “regulate the flow of Bitcoin” in India’s nascent but surging bitcoin ecosystem.  CCN has reached out to multiple bitcoin exchanges in India for comment.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Parity Technologies Suggests Hard Fork To Release Locked Ether Twitter  Parity Technologies , having suffered a multi-signature wallet bug that froze hundreds of millions of dollars ’ worth of Ether, noted ongoing issues with Ethereum in a recent  blog  suggesting a course of action to rescue the funds.  From its very beginning, users of Ethereum have had to deal with a command line interface with little tolerance for errors, sending thousands of Ether to 0x0, the blog noted. Any transaction with an improperly formed “to” address was read as a delivery to 0x0.   A few months later, a  bug  was found in a JavaScript utilities library that the Ethereum Foundation wrote and was used by numerous parties to generate wallets. This mishap affected one in 128 accounts produced by some teams and rendered useless. Thousands of additional Ethers got stuck.  The DAO hack and the subsequent  fork  delivered problems with transactions that replayed across both Ethereum and the Ethereum Classic network. These issues were not widely recognized to anticipate that Ethereum Classic would more than survive – it would thrive, but leading to several issues. Such as Ether deposits to contracts that were never deployed to the Ethereum network to begin with.  Ether Becomes Frozen  An incident recently occurred with the Parity multi-signature wallet in which the contract holding the code governing the wallets’ behavior was deleted. Anyone with Ether tokens in Parity multi-signature wallets was unable to withdraw them.  All of the funds are not recoverable without a change to blockchain’s state, consensus rules modification or opcode upgrades, the blog noted. One can assume this was not the intention of the developers and users who deployed the contracts or sent the transactions.  There have been other issues. It has been too easy to have a typo in an address and end up sending Ether to the wrong address. Unfortunately, such errors can never be proven to be non-recoverable like the addresses where the Ethers sit and are valid and usable.  Numerous Factors Involved  No one should think that unlocking the stuck funds will amount to anything but a rescue operation, which only would be possible with a hard fork. The protocol in some cases was at fault. Client usability issues and issues with codebase maintained by both private parties and the Foundation code, the unanticipated appearance of a competitor network and simple user error have added to the present state of affairs.  Ethereum remains solid and continues to evolve, the blog stated.  Yet many millions of dollars have been lost to numerous groups on account of these and other issues. Much of it cannot be recovered on account of not being able to prove its status as lost or because of a lack of clarity in the sender’s intention.  Solutions Are Possible  Much of it can be recovered.  A hard fork is contentious. It marks a change to how we had expected the network to act. The question is whether these changes to the network’s expected behavior could bring negative effects when some users based their off- and on-chain behavior assuming behavior would not change. There are parallels to the earlier debate over changing the rate of issuance and its impact on miner behavior and incentives.  The problem of having such diverse roots should be expected and many solutions have been put forth ranging from partial coverage with strict rules on certain cases to solutions focusing on edge cases without strict definitions.  Vitalik put forth a discussion in EIP 156 which enables private key holders impacted by certain issues to withdraw their Ether. Cases covered by this proposal include contracts created without code, losses generated by the JavaScript library bug and losses on account of replay attacks.  This marks a partial coverage with a strict rules solution. Such cases have a clear owner who can be identified with fairly inexpensive computation on the chain. This proposal, therefore, gives no explicit favor to any particular account, application or user. Such an approach fails to cover the funds locked in the Parity multi-signature wallets since the contract itself has code, and it would not permit recovery of tokens besides Ether.  Another solution is to address specific Ether and tokens recovery, a solution addressing capturing as many edge cases as possible, but it is not tightly defined. The solution would need those that “hold the pen” to define its scope. It is the most direct solution and would not alter the semantic behavior of the EVM but could address all cases raised previously.  Also read:  Parity ponders hard fork fix for 160 million in frozen Ether  Change The Protocol  A third solution that Parity suggested is to change the protocol that would permit the resurgence of suicided contracts and deployment of contracts for all users going forward. This would revive the Parity multi-sig and other problems in which contract addresses hold funds but have not had code deployed to them. Such a solution would also safeguard future similar incidents.  Another partial coverage with a strict approach, this represents enough change in behavior of the EVM that it could amount to a functional change to the platform since it will no longer make transaction ordering the key factor in a contract address. Parity prefers this solution since it adds functionality for users through the details being debated.  Accomplishing proper governance around protocol upgrades and hard forks on Ethereum has been ongoing. Consensus has been achieved on technical upgrades while non-enhancement hard forks have failed. The next discussion will be a critical test for how contention can transform into consensus.  Parity hopes the community will support rescuing the funds to help as many users as possible.  
DECREASE	   Multi-Billion Dollar Japanese Tech Conglomerate to Pay Employees in Bitcoin Twitter  GMO Internet Inc., a multi-billion dollar Japanese technology conglomerate, will process salaries of its 4,710 full-time employees in bitcoin.  According to the official statement of GMO Internet, employees within the company and its subsidiaries will be able choose to receive their salaries in bitcoin with the newly integrated payroll system in the near future.  “The GMO Internet Group has decided to introduce a system that allows part of the salary payment to be received as bitcoin in order to promote ownership of our domestic employees’ virtual currency,” read GMO Internet’s statement  obtained by  Bitcoin.com.  At first, GMO Internet will limit the amount of bitcoin employees can receive on a monthly basis to 100,000 yen, around $881. As the number of bitcoin-receiving employees increase and the new payroll system continues to operates seamlessly, the company will increase the maximum limit of $881.  GMO Fully Committed to Serving Japanese Bitcoin Market  In May, GMO  announced  the launch of Z.com Coin, a cryptocurrency exchange targeted at institutional investors and retail traders, to address the rapidly growing demand from investors within the traditional Japanese finance sector for bitcoin.  Since May, for more than seven months, GMO’s Z.com Coin have been operating a cryptocurrency FX and cryptocurrency trading platform, as an exchange regulated by the Japanese Financial Services Agency (FSA). At the time, GMO emphasized that the Japanese cryptocurrency market could reach a market valuation of 1 trillion Japanese yen (JPY) in the next few years, expressing their o ptimism towards the exponential growth rate of the Japanese cryptocurrency market.  In October, GMO  revealed  the company’s long-term plans to compete in the global bitcoin mining industry, challenging dominant players within the market such as Bitmain. The firm stated that it will design and manufacture its own ASIC miners and mining equipment in partnership with a local semiconductor manufacturer.  “We will use cutting-edge 7 nm process technology for chips to be used in the mining process, and are currently working on its research and development with our alliance partner having semiconductor design technology to realize high performance computer for mining. It will be possible to reduce power consumption compared to the existing mining machines with the same performance , and achieve a computational performance of 10TH/s per chip,”  said GMO.  GMO further emphasized that its mining center and operations will relocate to Northern Europe to utilize “plentiful renewable energy” and take advantage of the regions’ naturally cold climate to prevent ASIC miners and bitcoin mining equipment from overheating.  In the upcoming months, GMO is expected to allocate nearly 10 pecent of the company’s capital in improving its cryptocurrency exchange and mining ventures, to remain at the forefront of Japan’s cryptocurrency market.  Importance of GMO’s Bitcoin Payroll  Currently, bitcoin is widely adopted and recognized as a robust store of value and censorship-resistant money. The majority of bitcoin holders utilize the cryptocurrency to store or transfer their wealth. As such, several analysts including JPMorgan strategist Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou and ACG Analytics strategist Larry McDonald noted that bitcoin is already penetrating into the  multi trillion dollar market of gold.  GMO’s integration of bitcoin into its payroll system participated by thousands of employees is crucial because it sets a precedent across the nation and for other conglomerates in the country. Given that bitcoin is a legal currency in Japan, in the long-term, an increasing number of conglomerates will likely adopt bitcoin as a payment method.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Mt Gox Creditors File Petition to Demand Recovery Payments in BItcoin Twitter  Mt Gox creditors have filed a petition in Tokyo to begin a civil rehabilitation process to collect payments in bitcoin.  Creditors of Mt Gox have filed a petition with the Tokyo District Court seeking to halt bankruptcy proceedings and switch over to a civil rehabilitation process instead, a report by the  Nikkei  today has revealed.  Current bankruptcy filings at Mt Gox, once the world’s biggest bitcoin exchange by trading volume before it went under in 2014, determines payments owed to creditors at the market value of the company’s assets at the time of bankruptcy. The market value of bitcoin at the time of Mt Gox’s demise was just under $450, compared to present day prices of nearly $17,000.  Creditors’ claims are limited to a maximum value of $480, one Mt Gox creditor told CCN last month when it was  revealed  that Mt Gox’s former chief Mark Karpeles is expected to take the majority of the profit from the bankruptcy’s proceedings – in the billions today. Under current proceedings, Mt Gox is expected to have a surplus of over 200 billion yen ($1.764 billion) after payments to its creditors – in fiat yen. An investigation into the bankruptcy recovered 200,000 bitcoins, approximately $ 3.4 billion in today’s prices.  As a result, creditors are asking the court to pause Mt Gox’s bankruptcy proceedings and pivot to a civil rehabilitation process that will enable them to receive recovery payments in bitcoin – which is far more valuable today.  The Tokyo District Court will consider the creditors’ petition and is expected to make a decision in early 2018.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   South Korea Pushes Ripple Price Up 71%, as Japanese Banks Conduct Payment Trials Twitter  The South Korean cryptocurrency market has pushed the Ripple price up 71 percent over the past 24 hours, triggered by the Ripple blockchain-based payment trial conducted by Japanese and South Korean banks.   South Korea Accounts For 50 Percent of Ripple Trades  Bithumb, Korbit, and Coinone, three of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges in the South Korean cryptocurrency market, currently account for more than 50 percent of global Ripple trades. Over the past 24 hours, the three trading platforms have processed over $1.7 billion worth of trades, surpassing the combined daily trading volume of Bittrex, Poloniex, Bitfinex, Bitstamp, Binance, and Kraken.  In South Korea, investors tend to move rapidly through word of mouth. Once several people are invested, everyone else rushes to invest in that particular asset, as Korbit co-founder and CEO Tony Lyu emphasized several times.  When a leading cryptocurrency like Ripple begins to surge in value within the South Korean market, by 10 to 30 percent, the rest of the investors in the market scramble to invest in it, triggering a short-term surge in the price and daily trading volume.  Cryptocurrencies that are heavily concentrated in the South Korean market such as Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, and Monero tend to increase by large margins and decline rapidly at times as well, because of the abovementioned tendency of the South Korean market and its investors to move speedily based on the trend of the market.  Cause of South Korean Market Demand Surge  Earlier today, on December 13, Japanese mainstream media outlet Nikkei reported that major banks in Japan and South Korea are set to begin the testing of Ripple blockchain and its solutions on Friday. The aim of the joint project is to reduce the cost involved in international funds transfer by nearly 30 percent.  Since the beginning of 2017, Ripple Labs have made significant process in assisting major banks and financial institutions to adopt the Ripple blockchain technology. Banks based in Japan, in particular, quickly embraced the technology of Ripple, forming a consortium of 61 corporations.  In July, Ripple global head of strategic accounts Marcus Treacher said:  “We commend these banks in Japan for taking a giant step forward on behalf of their customers. This is a great example of a regional banks converging into a global real-time payments network for the greater good.”  Ripple Labs and its partner banks in Japan and South Korea are planning to continue the testing of Ripple technologies in the long-term and implement the Ripple blockchain at a larger scale by early 2018.  According to Nikkei, Japanese banks have already developed Ripple-based systems to process global payments on its blockchain network. Cross-border payments between South Korean and Japanese banks will be begin on January 31, if pilot tests throughout December are successfully conducted.  As  reported  in September, SBI Ripple Asia first announced its foray into instant international blockchain payments to South Korean banks.  “South Korea is one of the most active markets worldwide when it comes to blockchain innovation and trading of digital assets. With trade flows into and out of the country totaling $960 billion every year, we also see a high end growing demand for Ripple’s frictionless payments solution in the country, ” said Takashi Okita, SBI Ripple Asia chief executive.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   South Korean Government Holds Emergency Meeting to Discuss Bitcoin Twitter  The South Korean government  held an emergency meeting  to evaluate the state of the local cryptocurrency exchange market and trading of digital currencies.  A South Korean central bank official stated that the government plans to introduce various regulatory measures on Friday, December 13, with urgency given the recent rise in demand for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies from the traditional finance sector.  Immediately after the announcement from the South Korean central bank official, the stocks of cryptocurrency exchange holding companies reportedly slumped, in the range of 4 to 8 percent.  Regulations Necessary  As of current, the South Korean cryptocurrency and bitcoin markets have no regulatory frameworks and policies in place, and exchanges have complete freedom over the market.  The South Korean government has become increasingly concerned with cryptocurrency-related ponzi schemes in the local market. Tens of thousands of investors have fallen victim to cryptocurrency-related scams over the past year. One scam project, in particular, stole $200 million from its victims by marketing itself as a bitcoin consultancy firm and stealing funds from its victim s.  In the South Korean market, the vast majority of investors move through word of mouth communication. Tony Lyu, the co-founder and CEO of Korbit, the $140 million cryptocurrency exchange,  stated:  “Word just spreads really fast in Korea. Once people are invested, they want everyone else to join the party. There’s been this huge, almost a community movement around this.”  One major issue with the current structure of the South Korean bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange markets is that many investors are trying to invest in cryptocurrencies through unregulated over-the-counter (OTC) markets and direct contacts. As such, investors increasingly fall victim for ponzi schemes and obvious scams.  Most investors in well-regulated and structured markets like the US and Japan are well aware that it is not possible for consultancy firms and exchanges to guarantee a certain profit margin and a monthly payout. Hence, any exchange or project offering to pay out a percentage profit margin on a regular basis can be considered as a ponzi scheme or scam.  In the South Korean market, many investors are falling for obvious ponzi schemes, and the South Korean government is beginning to solve the problem by providing exchanges with licenses to operate as strictly regulated financial service providers. Through the recognition and endorsement of cryptocurrency exchanges, the South Korean government expects more investors to invest on  regulated trading platforms.  Teenager Scammer Arrested  Contrary to other markets, the South Korean cryptocurrency market is being overflowed with scams. Recently, the South Korean bitcoin market outraged over Bitcoin Diamond, which was marketed as an upcoming hard fork.  Two months since its launch, it was discovered that Bitcoin Diamond was a scam created by a South Korean high school student, whose plan was to short the bitcoin market by decreasing the price of bitcoin through a hard fork announcement.  Within hours after the discovery of the Bitcoin Diamond scam , South Korean police arrested the teenager , who pleaded guilty to fraud.  With fraudulent operations, ponzi schemes, and scams becoming a major issue for the South Korean cryptocurrency market, in the upcoming weeks, the South Korean government will likely roll out regulations to better protect investors.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   OKEx Becomes First Cryptocurrency Exchange to Create a Bitcoin Cash Market Twitter  Cryptocurrency exchange OKEx created the first bitcoin cash market, enabling users to trade tokens directly against BCH without using BTC or ETH as an intermediary.   T he Hong Kong-based exchange made the  announcement  on Monday, revealing that users now have access to more than a dozen BCH trading pairs.  The news is significant, because  OKEx  currently ranks sixth among cryptocurrency exchanges in total trading volume, according to data from CoinMarketCap. Over the past 24 hours, OKEx has processed more than $1.3 billion in trades, and it is likely that the new trading pairs will further increase bitcoin cash ’s daily trading volume, which often exceeds $1 billion.  In addition to increased liquidity, the creation of a BCH market also further cements bitcoin cash ’s status as a top-tier cryptocurrency and separates it from other altcoins that were created through bitcoin forks.  Bitcoin Cash Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  The bitcoin cash price traded up on the news, although it is difficult to gauge the exact impact of the BCH markets since there are several other factors at play. First, bitcoin cash proponent Roger Ver made a high-profile appearance on CNBC yesterday, where he promoted bitcoin cash to many viewers who had likely never heard of it. Second, the cryptocurrency markets made a general upswing on Tuesday, and bitcoin cash’s increase is roughly in line with that trend.  Nevertheless, the announcement is likely bullish for bitcoin cash moving forward, especially if other exchanges create BCH markets as well.  The creation of the first bitcoin cash market was just one of a flurry of developments that OKEx announced this week. The company also  launched   a fiat-to-token trading platform. Finally, the exchange  announced  that it will support “all major Bitcoin technical development roadmaps,” including the up to seven hard forks that have been scheduled for the month of December alone.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   IOTA Price Drops as Co-Founder Admits: Microsoft is Not a Partner But a Participant Twitter  Amidst controversy surrounding the nature of the partnership between Microsoft and IOTA, the IOTA Foundation has clarified that it does not have a strategic partnership with Microsoft.  In an interview with TNW, IOTA co-founder Dominik Schiener  stated:  “We have never mentioned that any of the companies which are participating in the marketplace are our ‘partners. We call them participants. We are in touch with multiple divisions at Microsoft (Chicago, Paris, Munich). We are hosting two meetups today in Chicago and on Thursday in Paris which are hosted at the Microsoft offices.”  IOTA Price Surges Explodes After Microsoft Participation  Last week, CCN reported that the price of IOTA surged by more than 600 percent over the past month and was trading at a global average of over $4.  At the time, Microsoft blockchain specialist Omkar Naik released a statement in regards to the company’s participation on IOTA’s Data Marketplace which read:  “This next generation technology will accelerate the connected, intelligent world and go beyond blockchain that will foster innovation real world solutions, applications and pilots for our customers.”  Schiener further noted that the IOTA development team plans to meet up with Naik’s team to assist the company in establishing sensors which will allow Microsoft to sell their data directly on the IOTA marketplace.  CCN reported that large-scale conglomerates including Samsung, Cisco, and Volkswagen also partnered with IOTA, to utilize its Tangle-based solution for data monetization.  However, the price of IOTA has dropped by more than 13 percent over the past few hours, falling behind Ripple and Litecoin. The recent price drop of IOTA is notable because following the statement of Naik and the participation of Microsoft, the market valuation of IOTA increased from $2.95 billion to $13 billion.   No Partnership  The original press release dating back a few weeks ago obtained by TNW read:  “Participants from all sectors and industries are represented, companies such as Deutsche Telekom, EWE, Microsoft, Bosch, TINE, PwC, Accenture, Fujitsu, Schneider Electric, Orange, DNV GL, and many more have deployed sensors that directly sell the data on the marketplace.”  Hence, Schiener was accurate in that IOTA has not entered into a strategic partnership with Microsoft and other major conglomerates several weeks ago.  Still, whether the IOTA Foundation and its representatives should have requested media outlets to clarify the nature of the relationship between IOTA and Microsoft remains questionable, given that the original press release had not specifically stated that the two companies did not sign paperwork to form a partnership.  In the upcoming weeks, despite the lack of a legal partnership, companies participating in IOTA’s testing of Tangle are expected to continue the testing of IOTA’s technology in the long-term.  “The launch of the data marketplace was just the beginning. This project will continue for several weeks and is multi-staged,” said Schiener.  Regardless of the recent price drop, the market valuation of IOTA remains above $11 billion, which is still significantly higher than its market cap in November.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin is Riding a “Speculative Mania”, Says Australia’s Central Bank Chief Twitter  The global fascination with bitcoin “feels like a speculative mania”, the governor of Australia’s central bank said on Wednesday.  As bitcoin  hit a record-setting new high  on Tuesday to break through $17,500, fueled by the debut of bitcoin futures trading on Chicago-based CBOE, the head of Australia’s central bank raised questions on the cryptocurrency’s function as a currency for payments.  Reserve Bank of Australia (RAB) governor Philip Lowe was speaking today at this year’s Australian Payment Summit in  a speech  titled “An eAUD?” when he touched on the subject of cryptocurrencies and, specifically, bitcoin. “[I]n reality, these currencies are not being commonly used for everyday payments and, as things currently stand, it is hard to see that changing,” Lowe said.  The official specifically pointed to bitcoin’s volatility in its value, transaction capacity and costs, governance problems and “staggering” electricity costs in mining bitcoin as factors keeping the cryptocurrency from becoming a widely used form of payment.  He went on to add:  So the current fascination with these currencies feels more like a speculative mania than it has to do with their use as an efficient and convenient form of electronic payment.  Does the RBA intend to issue its own digitized Australian dollar? The short answer is “no immediate plans”, Lowe said, admitting that the question is being asked increasingly frequently at a time when central banks around the world are researching their own cryptocurrencies.  Singapore ,  China  and  Russia  are notable examples of ongoing research and pilots of central bank-issued cryptocurrencies on a blockchain.  There hasn’t been a convincing case yet for “issuing digital Australian dollars on the blockchain for use with limited private systems”, Lowe added before admitting that the decentralized technology could lead to “more efficient, lower-cost business processes and payments.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   $500 Billion: Ethereum, Ripple Prices Carry Crypto Market Cap to Historic Milestone Twitter  Cryptocurrencies achieved another historic milestone this week, as their combined market caps leaped above the $500 billion mark on the heels of an altcoin rally led by the ethereum and ripple prices.  Cryptocurrencies Now Worth Half a Trillion Dollars  The cryptocurrency market cap had begun the day at $467 billion, and it seemed unlikely that it would reach the $500 billion mark this quickly  — especially considering that bitcoin ended the day trading sideways. However, fueled by an altcoin surge, the crypto market cap leaped above the $500 billion barrier Tuesday evening and eventually rose as high as $505.9 billion before tapering to a present value of $504.3 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  At this level, cryptocurrencies are now worth more than Berkshire-Hathaway, the holding company run by legendary investor  — and  bitcoin skeptic   — Warren Buffett.  Bitcoin Price Holds Above $17,000  Ordinarily, one expects these market cap rallies to coincide with dramatic bitcoin price climbs, but that was not the case today. Although the bitcoin price  hit an all-time high  on bitcoin exchange Bitfinex, the global average topped out at $17,781, after which it fell back toward its previous-day level. At present, the bitcoin price is trading at $17,184, which represents a single-day increase of one percent and provides bitcoin with a $287.6 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Ethereum Price Eyes $700  The ethereum price posted an impressive advance for the  second-consecutive day , rising 25 percent and briefly extending as high as $686. At present, the ethereum price is trading at a global average of $681, which translates into a $65.6 billion market cap.  Ethereum Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Though several factors are at play, the primary one is likely the fact that ethereum continues to see increasing transaction volumes. Just yesterday, the Ethereum network processed an average of  10 transactions per second  for the entire day, a new all-time high.  Ripple Headlines March Past $500 Billion  Wednesday was another banner day for altcoins, and  — led by ethereum and ripple  — the total altcoin market cap rose above the $200 billion mark for the first time.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin cash, the third-largest cryptocurrency, rose three percent for the day, but its closest rival is growing increasingly larger in its rearview mirror.  That ’s because the  ripple price exploded by 71 percent  amid insatiable demand from Korean traders. Ripple now has a market cap of $18.4 billion, meaning that if it can replicate this single-day performance one more time, it will supplant bitcoin cash and rise to third in the rankings.  Ripple Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Ripple ’s surge enabled it to race back ahead of litecoin, whose  breathtaking gains  began to taper on Wednesday morning. At present, the litecoin price is trading at $310, which represents a single-day increase of 12 percent.  Sixth-ranked IOTA was the lone cryptocurrency in the top 10 to decline for the day, perhaps signaling that the bulls have run out of steam following last week ’s incredible rally.  Dash and monero each crossed historic milestones after double-digit percentage price increases. They are currently valued at $916 and $330, respectively. Ninth-ranked NEM traded sideways, while bitcoin gold rose by about seven percent to round out the top 10.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Tigereum Bot for Token Swap Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Tigereum is the first Cryptocurrency to do a Token Swap with a Facebook bot.  Tigereum’s Token Swap  opened last Friday and is open until December 18. During the Token Swap period, participants will be able to swap ETH or BTC for  Tigereum Tokens on the bot , or use MasterCard/VISA.  Tigereum’s Chief Executive Officer Darren Olney-Fraser says:  “Using a bot to swap Tigereum Tokens makes the Token Swap simple and efficient for participants.”  Essentially, Tigereum’s bot asks participants how many Tigereum Tokens they want, and whether they want to use ETH, BTC, MasterCard or VISA.  Open for Business  Tigerereum’s  bot is already up and running on Facebook Messenger . Since the Tigereum Token Swap opened on December 8, many participants have used the bot to get Tigereum Tokens, and Olney-Fraser says it has worked well.  “ We got great feedback from participants. We hope people will check it out because the customer interface is a bit of fun and really smooth.”  The bot is accessible to all, in line with Tigereum’s attempt to open up Cryptocurrency to a wider network. The bot helps people participate in a Token Swap who are new to Cryptocurrencies.  As broader interest in Cryptocurrencies  startsto take off amongst mainstream users, Tigereum predicts the next wave for crypto is that user experience will become more like social media.   Tigereum is already looking to this end. It is working on smooth customer solutions for Cryptocurrencies to be sent as easily as a tweet, a facebook message, or even a text. The Tigereum Token Swap bot showcases what  Tigereum  aims to achieve into the furture.  While Cryptocurrencies are no longer as difficult to understand or use as they were five to seven years ago, they are still very intimidating to a large percentage of the population.   This is a path that social media walked and now social media has revolutionised the communications landscape.   A huge percentage of the population interacts with Facebook every day, and those same people all want to be able to use Crypto on Facebook when connecting with friends and family. This will help Crypto become more mainstream and lead to the mass adoption of Cryptocurrencies across social media platforms.  “We are driven by innovative ways to help new users to Crypto engage with the Crypto community in their everyday life using tools that they are already familiar with,” Olney-Fraser concluded. “ Tigereum  will bring together the best of old banking, new crypto and social media into one easy solution.”  Olney-Fraser appreciates that many hard core Crypto people do not want Crypto and Facebook in the same sentence, however, he believes that the two worlds can co-exist in a secure and friendly environment.  
DECREASE	   Risk Sharing is Essential For a Responsible Market Approach By Token Vendors  Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Beyond just profits, investment is primarily a subject of market confidence and relative certainty about the future of any given project. With the current outlook of the cryptocurrency ecosystem and the high level of volatility associated with it, most traditional investors are low in confidence towards putting their money into the market.  A lopsided market  The current design of the  ICO industry  is popular for its flexibility and abundant promise of exposure and infinite possibilities. However, the associated risks of this system leaves most mainstream investors and venture capitalists largely uncomfortable as they feel unprotected assuming a token fails to perform as expected. This opinion goes beyond just assumption as there have been numerous cases of tokens that e ventually lose value, or fail to appreciate long after their ICOs. Apart from those with projects that are still active, others remain as identities of projects that eventually become abandoned.  Most investors frown at the current system because they feel that the sign only encourages most token issuers to become irresponsible especially when they encounter any form of challenge. This is so because once an ICO is concluded, the tokens issued actually become independent entities whose value is determined strictly by the extent of demand, while the entire company equity  remains with the original owners. Therefore, once an ICO ends, the investor remains totally at the mercy of the token market, and to some extent the commitment of the token issuer who incidentally is not obliged to the investor any longer.  Checking corruption in the ICO market  It is this situation that is assumed by many to have given room for the insincere and dishonest acts flooding the ICO market, where fraudsters issue worthless tokens, collect investors monies and disappear, leaving them to the consequences of fate.  In other to check this growing discrepancy, encourage industry responsibility and promote market confidence, the concept of tokenized equity that  is initiated by Stamp’s Platform  makes it possible for purchased tokens to retain tangible equity values of any given project. In order words, investors who participate in an ICO will no more be issued independent tokens; rather their purchased tokens will represent part ownership of the specific project.  Tokenized equity  The  Stamps platform  will facilitate the issuance of tokenized equity and assist organizations with growth and compliance-related tasks. The platform is built on the  Soferox  dual chain infrastructure and Stamps will streamline the process of issuing equity ownership. Unlike traditional funding methods, when a business issues equity tokens on the  Stamps platform , they will instantly have a large following of backers who own a share of their company and avoid possession of legally-classified security classification at the same time.   However, organizations retain a percentage of the equity tokens gifted and may divest themselves of this equity token under terms established during the stamp release, and of those programmatically enforced by the network. This allows organizations to profit from their contribution of value to the community, and avoid the regulatory pitfalls associated with traditional stock an d coin offerings.  By adopting a system of tokenized equity, automatically the existing industry doubts and uncertainties will be largely reduced. Token issuing organizations will also assume a more responsible approach, knowing that the overall value of their companies are tied to the performance of their tokens in the open market. Apparently, when overall risk is the business of everyone, respo nsibility and commitment is inevitable.  
DECREASE	   A Blockchain Solution That Saves Investors from Bad ICOs Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  One problem that is facing the blockchain ecosystem in its current stage of development is the frequency of losses being experienced by investors, especially new entrants into the market who fall victim of failed ICOs.  Concerns in the industry  Despite the  advantages of the ICO  concept as an effective unregulated model of crowdfunding, with several evidences of successful projects, the growing number of failed projects has also become a cause for concern.  Most of the resistance confronting ICOs, which might have led to their ban by some governments is as a result of the frequent loss of funds and assets by citizens. These losses are mostly as a result of deliberate fraudulent intentions of or as a result of inadequate preparation in terms of project design, team, non-viable ideas, e.t.c.  Considering the decentralized nature of the blockchain industry, instituting a centralized regulatory system that will assess and determine the viability of projects that embark on ICOs may be unachievable. However, leaving the industry to function in its current state implies a gradual loss of confidence and possible death of the ICO industry.  A blockchain solution for a blockchain problem  To this end,  Sharpe Capital  is introducing a Blockchain-based tokenized economy, which allows everyone to enter the crypto-market and earn Ether for their predictions on Blockchain assets. The goal of this project is to make it possible for professional investors to be able to use crowd wisdom to assess the market better and make wiser and more profitable decisions.   Inexperienced investors are most likely to lose money in financial markets over the long-term. Therefore, the Sharpe Capital platform delivers a mechanism for retail investors to benefit from their predictions on capital markets without assuming downside risk.  The Sharpe Capital project is designed in such a way that users will be incentivized to provide high quality predictions through proof-of-reputation stored on the  Ethereum Blockchain . The company will use up-to 40% of its profit to issue monthly Ether payments to token holders based on the accuracy of their predictions and the amount of tokens they own.  Leading from the front  Sharpe Capital leads by example by being and one of few projects to launch a working platform before raising the money, with a budget of $0 and a talented team of experienced industry professionals. Also, it stands as the only company so far that will distribute Ether back to token holders before the ICO is over (on February 5 th , 2018).  How it works  The project runs in a quite simply practical and functional manner. Holders of the  SHP token , which is the underlying token for the platform will have access to predicting the viability or not of any given project. Once a user’s prediction aligns with the outcome of such projects, the user earns an amount in ETH. What this means is that there shall be a crossfield motivation for excellence across the entire cryptospace. Any project originator who knows that their proj ect shall undergo some serious neutral scrutiny will ensure to do their homework properly.  In the same way, predictors in the hope of earning ETH tokens will also be diligent in their research so as to achieve profitable results. A more interesting scenario is such that Sharpe Capital will systematically create a standard by becoming the go to platform in order to discover the status of and investment opportunity. Hence, the platform shall attract projects who intend  to prove their credibility and also investors looking for “approved” products to invest in.  The first payment to SHP holders is scheduled for 11th January 2018. However, regular payments shall be made at the end of every month.  
DECREASE	   PressCoin To Rejuvenate Journalism With Decentralized Platform  Twitter  The quality of journalism has reached an all-time low, increasing political polarization and placing democracy itself at risk.  The established news media, including Internet-based players such as Facebook, cannot steer clear of political and corporate influence, and the public knows it.  The only way to alleviate the bias is to remove the reliance of news on advertising revenues.  The solution is a more decentralized media where many opinions are accessible and complex subjects are organized into subtopics and navigable. Blockchain technology provides the foundation for such a decentralized platform.  PressCoin, a new cryptocurrency, uses blockchain technology to support large scale collaboration for journalism, elections monitoring and citizen action networks.  PressCoin is built on Quintype, a cloud-based technology that creates data-driven, real-time and intelligent omnichannel experiences. The technology provides the foundation for PressCoin’s new news services.  By partnering with CointypeX, PressCoin will operate with other cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies, providing a bridge between its independent publisher crypto-economy and the rest of the world.  CointypeX will enable PressCoin NEWS token conversion into all fiat currencies by means of a regulator compliant live Know Your Customer process. Investors will be able to buy PressCoin tokens using existing channels such as credit cards, debit cards, wire transfers, EFT, etc. Existing cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin, Ethereum and Litecoin are also accepted.  The PressCoin tokens, for their part, are unique from other cryptocurrency tokens in that they are equity backed. Presscoin PLC’s management will adhere to shareholder and transparency requirements of United Kingdom public companies.  The Need Is Great  The need for a more decentralized media platform is critical to the survival of independent journalism.  Digital players like Facebook and Google currently monopolize content revenue. Facebook, for example, generates most of its revenue from content its users share, but it does not share its profits with its content creators. Decentralization of this value creation and redistribution unlocks the potential for massive revenue into the new PressCoin ecosystem.  PressCoin protocols will capture the economic value of engaged reader interactions with publishers, such as creating content for reporting, running exit polls or focus groups, moderating comments or questioning a politician. The decentralized value is captured for each contributor and compensation is provided in PressCoin currency. In real time, anyone can convert PressCoin int o any other currency in the world, allowing for real-world use, instantly, at near zero cost.  This ecosystem creates a sustainable foundation for independent journalism.  A Collaborative Platform  The ecosystem will support an array of independent media companies on a mesh of connected utilities, tools and capabilities. By sharing data analytic frameworks, market analysis, CMSes and other tools, publishers in the ecosystem will be able to reach readers, attract investment and build revenue streams at far less cost than they would be able to do acting independently.  This widens the circle of participation and motivates participants to contribute in ways that support journalism forms valued by the wider community.  The PressCoin platform will be open to any media company that wishes to join the PressCoin ecosystem and adhere to its protocols. In creating a common protocol and a data set that powers each platform, the ecosystem will create a model for a “post Facebook” journalism.  PressCoin will be the first journalism platform to integrate with a social network to address possible solutions to problems.  The ecosystem will include five platforms, respectively focused on: investigative reporting, positive solutions journalism, elections monitoring and analysis, hyperlocal news, and citizen journalism.  The elections platform NextElection tracks elections worldwide and organizes content around incumbents, challengers and issues critical to the races. Data driven polling and organized exchanges allow the population to have a transparent view of the political environment. This allows election races to be run in a more transparent manner.  ICO: 100 Million Tokens  A total of 100 million PressCoin tokens worth $100 million will be issued in the token offering, representing 40% of PressCoin. The post ICO value will be $250 million.  Once the ICO completes, the tokens will trade on the CointypeX exchange and all major exchanges.  The PressCoin ICO is one of the first ICOs which is accepting direct fiat money investment, including USD, EUR, GBP, Indian rupees and other currencies via a live regulatory Know Your Customer (KYC) process, thanks to a partnership with a new Swiss-bank powered trading platform, CointypeX.  The PressCoin model moves away from “old journalism” revenue models that rely on advertising, donations and/or grants. Digital marketing and advertising require a new approach beyond the “attention economy” of the old model.  PressCoin provides a way forward for journalism in a very dark time for the industry. Powered by blockchain technology and crypto-currency fundamentals, and supported by a global team of award-winning journalists. We think it’s worth a shot.  PressCoin is in pre-ICO this week, and will be in ICO on Dec. 11. More details are here:  http://ico.presscoin.com  
DECREASE	   Portugal ’s Finance Minister Confident Regulators Are Overseeing Bitcoin ’s Impact Twitter  Mário Centeno, president of the Eurogroup and Portugal’s Finance Minister, recently stated that he’s confident European regulators are overseeing the “general picture,” when asked if he is worried about the potential impact of bitcoin on Eurozone’s financial stability.  In an interview with  Bloomberg , Centeno stated that European regulators, as well as other regulators throughout the world, are aware of the cryptocurrency, and are following its development. He added that, as a Minister of Finance, he is “confident they are overseeing the general picture.”  Centeno then addresses concerns of bitcoin being a bubble, by merely stating that it wouldn’t be pleasant and that he thinks regulators now are more aware, presumably than what they were back in 2008. He stated:  “If we go again into trouble with some sort of bubble in the financial markets, that would be not a pleasant [sic] outcome at this stage. I think that regulators now are much more aware of that and they will be doing their job.”  Centeno’s words come at a time in which bitcoin hits a new-all time high, and starts  eyeing the $20,000 mark . As he pointed out, regulators are increasingly overseeing the cryptocurrency and its development, so much so that this month various regulators already weighted in on the cryptocurrency.  As recently reported by CCN, the  chairman of the Israel Securities Authority  joined the bandwagon of critics calling bitcoin a ‘bubble’, as he likened the sweeping demand for the cryptocurrency to the 19-century gold rush. Despite his stance on bitcoin, the regulatory chief called for Israeli authorities to take a “friendly” regulatory approach to ICOs.  The New Zealand’s Financial Markets Authority (FMA) has also  issued a warning  for potential investors to stay away from a teen’s NZD$220 million cryptocurrency venture. The superintendent of the New York Department of Financial Services, Maria Vullo, recently told Bloomberg in an interview that the  department keeps on top of bitcoin .  The above instances were all reported this month, and reveal that regulators are indeed keeping an eye on bitcoin and the cryptocurrency ecosystem, as Centeno pointed out. In Portugal, where Centeno is the Minister of Finance, the central bank has also made it clear it’s monitoring bitcoin, and isn’t friendly towards it.  Hélder Rosalino, a director at Banco de Portugal (BdP), the country’s central bank, stated that  bitcoin isn’t a currency . Despite his views, CCN has earlier this year revealed that  Portugal wants to tax bitcoin users , despite a lack of regulations. Regarding OneCoin, the financial regulator recently  issued a warning  to protect potential investors.  
DECREASE	   Billionaire Bitcoin Investors Winklevoss Twins Dare JPMorgan CEO to Short BTC Twitter  In an interview with Fox Business, Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss have challenged JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon to short bitcoin on the futures market if he remains confident that bitcoin will fail in the long run.  “We ’ve been working really hard to give Jamie Dimon an opportunity to short bitcoin, and anybody who says that you know, it ’s a fraud or a bubble, you can go now [and] put your money where your mouth is, and bet against it,”  said Cameron.  Does Jamie Dimon Really Believe Bitcoin is Bad?  On December 14, the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) became the first major options exchange and financial institution to list bitcoin futures in partnership with Gemini, a major US-based regulated cryptocurrency exchange run by the Winklevoss twins.  The listing of bitcoin futures by CBOE and Gemini immediately provided a platform and sufficient liquidity for large-scale investors to either invest in bitcoin or short the cryptocurrency. Through the CBOE futures market, Cameron Winklevoss dared Dimon to short bitcoin and bet against the long-term performance of the cryptocurrency if he actually believes that bitcoin is a sca m and a fraud as he said before.  Several renowned analysts and experts in the cryptocurrency sector including Ari Paul, the co-founder of Blocktower Capital, do not believe that Jamie Dimon sees bitcoin as a scam or a money laundering tool. Rather, Paul believes that Dimon understands bitcoin better than most people in the market but is purposely misleading the public because he considers bitcoin as a threat t o their dominance over the global offshore banking industry.  Paul  explained:  “So most of the financial luminaries, I think genuinely don’t understand what it’s trying to be. Jamie Dimon’s an exception. By all accounts, I know people who spoke to him about cryptocurrency four years ago. He gets it, he understands it, probably better than me and he views it, I think, as a brand new competitor to JPMorgan. So he understands that JPMorgan collects a lot of  fees for providing a storage of wealth in a secure way that’s judgement resistant to clients, and bitcoin does it an order of magnitude better.  Dimon had criticized and condemned bitcoin in the past not because of its structural, technical, and conceptual flaws, but rather because he considers it as a competitor to JPMorgan’s offshore banking operation, which accounts for the majority of the bank’s profits.  This is a positive and optimistic sign for the long-term growth of bitcoin however, given that major banks like JPMorgan are being threatened by the exponential growth rate of bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market.  Tyler Winklevoss Encourages Dimon to Personally Bet Against Bitcoin  In addition to Cameron’s comments, Tyler Winklevoss further encouraged Dimon to personally bet against bitcoin through the futures market and take JPMorgan’s balance sheet with it.   “We encourage Jamie Dimon, we encourage him to personally bet against it, bitcoin, take J.P. Morgan ’s balance sheet, bet against bitcoin. We ’ll see what happens,” stated Winklevoss.  Given that JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs are preparing to clear bitcoin futures on behalf of their clients and assist their customers into the bitcoin market, it is highly unlikely that Dimon or other bankers will short bitcoin because they do not truly believe bitcoin will not succeed.  Featured image from Flickr.  
DECREASE	   Cardano Surges by 145% in 1 Day, Charlie Lee Questions Value Twitter  Cardano, a blockchain project led by highly regarded cryptographers and IOHK, has recorded massive gains over the past two days.   Within the past 24 hours, the price of ADA, Cardano’s native token, surged by more than 130 percent, from $0.22 to $0.52. The market valuation of Cardano surpassed the $13.5 billion mark, surpassing Dash and IOTA, nearing that of litecoin.  Factors of Recent Price Surge  Earlier this month,  CCN reported  that the price of  Cardano  increased by more than 400 percent within a week because of the integration of ADA by leading exchanges including Bittrex and Binance.   According to CoinMarketCap, Bittrex is the largest cryptocurrency exchange in the global market with a $2.8 billion daily trading volume. The integration of a relatively new cryptocurrency by major markets like Bittrex and Binance immediately expose and introduce the global cryptocurrency exchange market to that particular cryptocurrency.  Specifically, the integration of Cardano by Bittrex expanded the potential market of Cardano to the entire trading platform and user base of Bittrex, providing immediate boost in liquidity. Prior to the integration of ADA by Bittrex, the Cardano blockchain platform garnered the attention of the cryptocurrency market with its proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus protocol.  Currently, several leading cryptocurrencies such as Ethereum are actively investing the possibility of integrating PoS consensus protocol through innovative solutions such as Casper. As such, the base PoS protocol of Cardano triggered the interests of Ethereum supporters and PoS enthusiasts.  Charlie Lee Concerned  Earlier today, on December 17, Litecoin creator and former Coinbase executive Charlie Lee publicly expressed his concerns over the sudden price surge and rally of Cardano.  He wrote:   “I just noticed Cardano (ADA) is #6 on CoinMarketCap. How did it become a $10B coin when it ’s only 3 months old and the only major exchanges trading it is Bittrex and Binance and without even any fiat trading pairs? Either the market is crazy or Cardano will end world hunger.”   Lee emphasized that Cardano’s market cap does not represent its true value, given that the project is less than 3 months old. More to that, it is important to question the value of cryptocurrencies and blockchain networks based on their user bases and actual use cases. In the case of Cardano, is its blockchain network demonstrating the user base and usability of a $14 billion network?   “To be clear, I have nothing against Cardano or its tech. And I have a ton of respect for Charles Hoskinson and I ’m sure the project has a ton of potential. But at 10B valuation right now, how can that possibly be a good value,” added Lee.   In the cryptocurrency market, a bull run or a strong rally is almost always followed by a bear cycle, especially if the market cap of a blockchain network is difficult to justify. The market valuation of Ethereum for instance was also criticized by experts over the past few months because its decentralized applications and ecosystem are struggling to achieve commercial success, despite being on a $69 billion network.  With any cryptocurrency, it is crucial to question the market valuation of its blockchain network and whether the current market cap can be justified with a wide array of indicators, such as user base, applications, and user activity.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Surpasses $19,600 and is Up 9%, Rapidly Surging Towards $20,000 Twitter  The bitcoin price has surpassed the $19,600 mark and is rapidly surging towards $20,000. The market has demonstrated optimism towards CME’s bitcoin futures listing tomorrow, on December 17.   CME’s Bitcoin Futures Listing on December 18  The global finance industry and bitcoin market are highly anticipating the launch of CME Group’s bitcoin futures on December 18, especially after the successful debut of bitcoin futures on the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE).  Purely based on daily trading volume, CBOE and CME will not surpass that of cryptocurrency exchanges and trading platforms in the short to mid-term. Over the past few days, the daily trading volume of bitcoin across major exchanges in regions including the US, Japan, and South Korea have reached $17 billion, a daily trading volume that is larger than most stock markets.  But, CBOE and CME enable institutional investors and retail traders to invest large sums of institutional money and capital in bitcoin. More importantly, upon the debut of bitcoin futures on the CME exchange, leading investment banks Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan are set to clear bitcoin futures on behalf of their clients.   Earlier this month, JPMorgan global markets strategist Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou, expressed his optimism towards the launch of CME’s bitcoin futures exchange. Panigirtzoglou emphasized that bitcoin futures will provide the cryptocurrency with more legitimacy and further validate it as an emerging asset class.  “The prospective launch of bitcoin futures contracts by established exchanges in particular has the potential to add legitimacy and thus increase the appeal of the cryptocurrency market to both retail and institutional investors,”  said Panigirtzoglou.  He added that in the long-term, regulated instruments such as futures contracts will allow bitcoin to compete against traditional asset classes such as gold. Panigirtzoglou explained, “the value of this new asset class is a function of the breadth of its acceptance as a store of wealth and as a means of payment and simply judging by other stores of wealth such as gold, cryptocurrencies have the potential to grow further from here. ”  Bitcoin is Nearing $20,000 With Very Little Institutional Money  Major hedge funds, investment firms, and financial institutions including Man Group, Goldman Sachs, and JPMorgan have anticipated the launch of CME since October and are committed to clearing bitcoin trades on behalf of their clients, investors, and customers.  Already, the price of bitcoin is nearing the $20,000 mark without a significant amount of institutional money invested in the bitcoin market. The daily trading volume of bitcoin is nearing the $20 billion without major regions such as India and South Korea properly regulated.   The massive inflow of tens of billions in institutional money in the upcoming months is expected to lead to a short and mid-term price surge. As Bitfury vice chairman George Kikvadze previously explained, it is more difficult for large-scale hedge funds and investment firms to commit to a certain asset class if it does not have sufficient liquidity and robust infrastructure surrounding it.  Bitcoin is beginning to see an increase and improvement of trading infrastructure in both the cryptocurrency market and traditional finance sector.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
DECREASE	   Venezuelan President Announces Superintendence of Its Oil-Backed Cryptocurrency  ‘Petro ’ Twitter  As covered by CCN, Venezuelan President  Nicolas Maduro recently announced the creation of a new cryptocurrency  during a Christmas television special. The new cryptocurrency, dubbed “petro” will be backed by commodity reserves, including oil, diamonds, and gold. Per the Venezuelan leader, it will help overcome the country’s “financial blockade.”  At the time, opposition leaders made it clear they don’t believe the cryptocurrency is going to solve the country’s economic problems, and even wondered if it would see the light of day, taking into account Venezuela has been ravaged by a crisis that forced millions of people to struggle for survival, and that the commodity-backed cryptocurrency is unlikely to bring them any im mediate relief.  Nevertheless, according to local publication  VTV , the Venezuelan leader is seemingly carrying out his plan as he recently announced the setting up of a body that will govern the cryptocurrency’s transactions.  Per the publication, during a public ceremony Maduro stated (roughly translated):  “I announce the creation of the Superintendence of the Venezuelan Cryptocurrency and its relationship with the world, I create a special superintendence to govern the direction of Petro from Venezuela and the world.”  During his speech, Maduro revealed that former President Hugo Chávez explained to him the idea of a currency backed by oil reserves on several occasions, but added that at the time leaders with a “closed and obtuse mentality” opposed its creation.  The Venezuelan leader further revealed that now no one opposes the  petro , and that it’s now going to become a reality, as it will be a Venezuelan cryptocurrency. He further stated that he believes this is a step towards a better future, and that 2018 will be the year in which the cryptocurrency, and the country’s economy, take off.  Maduro further appointed Carlos Vargas, a member of the Constituent Assembly, as the head of the superintendence. He added:  “We are opening the doors to modernity, Venezuela once again becomes the showcase of the world. That dream of Commander Chávez, we are going to materialize it and we are going to turn it into the first cryptocurrency backed by the Venezuelan oil reserves, certified internationally.”  Notably, Venezuela is a country in which cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and dash have helped the people circumvent government restrictions to buy goods from abroad. The country’s authorities have in the past cracked down on cryptocurrencies, as its state-owned internet service provider,  CANTV, blocked bitcoin-related websites and mining pools , while the country’s biggest exchange,  SurBitcoin, was forced to temporarily shut down  operations after Banesco bank closed its account, among others.  Regarding the petro, economists and opposition leaders say Maduro may be looking to pay foreign creditors in the cryptocurrency and plan to restructure the country’s major debt burden, a move that won’t help its people. Despite criticism, the Venezuelan leader sees it as a fight against a Washington-backed conspiracy that’s looking to sabotage his government, and put an end to  socialism in Latin America.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrencies Decline on Christmas Eve: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple Down 10% Twitter  On Christmas Eve, December 24, the price of leading cryptocurrencies fell by large margins. Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin, along with every other cryptocurrency in the market with the exception of a few have declined substantially in value.  Out of the 10 most valuable cryptocurrencies in the market, Bitcoin Cash and Ripple have recorded the largest losses, falling by 18 percent and 17 percent respectively. The two cryptocurrencies have also surged in value earlier this week, resulting in a bigger correction than other cryptocurrencies in the market.   Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Litecoin recorded a price correction of over 10 percent, as the price of bitcoin fell below $14,000.  Why Did a Correction Occur?  Historically, the market valuation of cryptocurrencies had surged during holiday seasons, especially throughout Christmas and new year’s. Analysts have attributed to the tendency of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin rising during holiday seasons to the introduction of new family members and friends to the cryptocurrency market.  As bitcoin and cryptocurrencies become hot topics, more individual and casual investors engage in bitcoin and cryptocurrency trading.  On December 23, prior to Christmas Eve, the cryptocurrency market recovered from a major correction, which led to the price decline of every single cryptocurrency in the market. Bitcoin fell by around 25 percent, while others fell by nearly 50 percent.  After a speedy recovery, on December 24, the cryptocurrency market recorded another correction, which was unforeseen by most analysts and experts. Highly regarded and respected investors including billionaire hedge fund legend Mike Novogratz stated that with the recent recovery, the price of bitcoin will likely initiate a new rally and surge in price in the short-term. However, the cryptocurrency market recorded another major correction prior to Christmas.  For newcomers, the latest cryptocurrency correction could be a crucial opportunity to understand the nature of the cryptocurrency market and risks involved in trading. Every market is affected by a bear cycle after a bull run, as Litecoin creator and former Coinbase executive Charlie Lee had explained.  This year, the cryptocurrency market has surpassed the expectation of even some of the most optimistic, enthusiastic, and long-time entrepreneurs, analysts, and investors. In April 2017, ShapeShift CEO Erik Voorhees predicted the market valuation of cryptocurrencies to surpass $300 billion in 4 years.   In April 2017, ShapeShift CEO Erik Voorhees predicted market cap of cryptocurrencies to surpass $300 billion in 4 years (2021).  7 months later the market cap of  #bitcoin  alone is over $300 billion and cryptocurrency market cap is nearing $600 billion. 🚀 https://t.co/rvHl9TVWiz  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  December 18, 2017  By December, bitcoin alone had already achieved a $300 billion market cap and the combined market valuation of cryptocurrencies surpassed $600 billion.  Correction is Necessary  Major price corrections prevent short-term bubbles from occuring. The price trend of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in the market is optimistic because it always has managed to recover from major corrections, supported by rising demand from investors and large volumes.  On December 11, Lee wrote:  “Every crypto bull run I ’ve seen has been followed by a bear cycle. The market needs time to consolidate. That ’s just my experience from 7 years of watching this space. How low and how long it will be is TBD. People need to be aware of this possibility and invest responsibly.”  Currently, the cryptocurrency market is seeing a correction of the three-month bull run bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market have demonstrated.  By December, bitcoin alone had already achieved a $300 billion market cap and the combined market valuation of cryptocurrencies surpassed $600 billion.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   BitPay Will Not Process Bitcoin Payments Below $100 Due to High Miner Fees Twitter  BitPay, one of the largest bitcoin payment processing platforms for online merchants, will no longer process payments below $100 due to rapidly rising bitcoin transaction fees.  No More $100 Transactions  Over the past few months, the size of the bitcoin mempool has increased to more than 100 million bytes and the number of users, average transaction per day, and user activity increased exponentially. As a result, given the lack of adoption of Segregated Witness (SegWit) and the fixed block size of bitcoin at 1MB, the average bitcoin transaction fee has surpassed $30.  According to Bitcoin Fees, a bitcoin transaction fee prediction platform developed by Earn.com (previously 21 Inc), the fastest transaction fee at the time of reporting is 950 satoshis per byte, or 214,700 satoshis for a median-size transaction, which is equivalent to $28.7.  Consequently, BitPay revealed in an official statement that the company will not be able to process bitcoin payments below $100, as doing so would result in a fee of nearly 30 percent of the actual amount of the transaction. The BitPay team  wrote:  “The Bitcoin network has been seeing record transaction volume in the last few weeks. This growth has also led to record network congestion and record-high bitcoin miner fees. Bitcoin miner fees are now more than $30 per transaction on average. To protect purchasers and to continue to offer service for Bitcoin payments, we are now requiring a new invoice minimum payment amount  of $100 on all BitPay invoices.”  In the upcoming months, BitPay explained that its development team will actively work on the implementation of SegWit, which will reduce bitcoin transaction fees by around 40 percent. The BitPay development team added, “Segregated Witness reduces the size of bitcoin transactions, allowing for an average bitcoin miner fee reduction of over 40%.”  What Will Happen With Rising Fees?  As demonstrated by Blockchain, the second largest bitcoin wallet platform and market data provider, bitcoin is currently processing nearly 300,000 transactions on a daily basis with block size averaging at 1.06MB. That is, a size larger than the maximum block size of 1MB, made possible through SegWit.  The mempool size of the Bitcoin network, the holding area for unconfirmed transaction, has remained above 120 million bytes for awhile, preventing transactions without significantly high fees from being confirmed and verified by miners.   Luke Jr, a Bitcoin Core developer, stated earlier today that SegWit itself was not designed to reduce transaction size and fees but rather as a platform and base infrastructure for second-layer solutions like Lightning.  He noted that Lightning will enable near instant payments with privacy and lower fees, allowing the Bitcoin network to scale.   However, the timeline of Lightning integration by leading businesses remains unclear, as even SegWit has not been integrated by Coinbase, Blockchain, and BitPay, three of the largest bitcoin businesses in the industry.  “Segwit does not decrease the size of transactions. That ’s a myth. Lightning is the method of reducing block sizes (and also fees) that I had in mind,” said Luke Jr.   To relieve the congestion of the Bitcoin network, analysts suggest that a block size increase is necessary, at least until SegWit and Lightning are fully adopted by the industry.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Security Tips for Wannabe Investors: How to Identify ICO Scams Twitter  The author, David Balaban, is a computer security researcher with over 15 years  of  experience in malware analysis and antivirus software evaluation.   In the current cryptocurrency climate heated up by the skyrocketing value of Bitcoin, people with financial resources on their hands treat startups in this domain as a promising opportunity to get the bang for their buck. ICO (Initial Coin Offering) is what bridges the gap between enthusiasts who plan to launch a new cryptocurrency venture, on the one hand, and potential sponso rs of such projects, on the other.  In a nutshell, the gist of an ICO is as follows: a certain percentage of the would-be cryptocurrency also referred to as virtual tokens, is sold to early investors for fiat money or another existing type of digital cash. If the project turns out successful, the value of these purchased coins grows over time, and the backers get a substantial return on investment. In case the st artup doesn’t raise a sufficient amount of funds to go live, the investors may get their money back.  Notorious ICO scams  Any new initiatives, where money circulates back and forth, are a classic lure for scammers, Initial Coin Offering being no exception. Retrospectively, con artists have announced ICO campaigns for rogue projects, got money raised and vanished. This is why it’s imperative for early backers to be on the lookout for red flags when considering an investment option of that sort. Som e of the most defiant incidents described below might give you an idea of what the typical ICO scam looks like.     Opair     The  fraudulent Opair ICO  took root in 2016. The ne’er-do-wells behind it were able to raise $1 million for their fake startup, promising backers decentralized debit cards in return for their donations. Unfortunately, the fact that the Opair crew acted quite suspiciously from the beginning didn’t discourage interested parties.  Specifically, the rogue players had set up LinkedIn profiles that were clearly sockpuppets crammed up with phony personal details and photos. Furthermore, the purported startup reps were allegedly so concerned about their privacy that they rejected all offers to attend cryptocurrency-related events or even have video calls with potential backers.  In the upshot, shortly after the Opair coins made it to exchanges, the crooks dumped them and their website was knocked offline. The fundraisers, obviously, lost it all.     BitCad     This ICO was a bit more controversial than the outrageous Opair scam. It’s still unclear whether it was a fraud from the start or an unsuccessful attempt to create something the proprietors failed to cope with. One way or another, people lost a great deal of money over it.  BitCad  was purportedly intended to be a replacement for numerous areas of business activity, trading and even government functioning. In particular, it was supposed to accommodate biometric verification, a decentralized trade engine, and a smart contract constructor, to name a few. Meanwhile, the mechanism of implementing these sophisticated features was a mystery for the most part.  Nevertheless, the Initial Coin Offering raised $5 million.  Things started to smell fishy when some members of the large BitCad crew abandoned the project shortly after launch. At about the same time, the team stopped posting new announcements. Despite the apparent signs that something went terribly wrong, some early backers are still anticipating good news from BitCad architects in the near future.     Authorship     Authorship  was marketed as an ERC20 (Ethereum token standard) project. Its alleged goal was to become a decentralized means for authors, publishers, reporters, and translators to get rewarded for their intellectual work via ATS tokens. This ICO raised some $1 million.  Some discrepancy between Authorship proprietors’ story and real life should have become an early wakeup call for wannabe investors, but it didn’t. The light-fingered individuals claimed to be motivated by their experience running a bookstore. However, visiting the store’s website unearths its primitive nature from the get-go as it offers nothing but pencils, paper memo pads, an d vinyl computer decals. To add insult to injury, Authorship makers indicated a fictitious address of their headquarters.  At the end of the day, a lot of backers never got their ATS tokens. Some did, but their price turned out much lower than promised. Therefore, even the ‘lucky’ investors lost up to 80% of their money over Authorship.  How to invest in an ICO safely  Just like any investment undertaking, Initial Coin Offering implies risk. This is why the rule of thumb is to treat these cryptocurrency startups with a reasonable degree of paranoia and weigh up the pros and cons before ever considering participation. Whereas there is no universal criterion for vetting the validity of an ICO, it makes sense to scrutinize a few things.     Peruse the whitepaper     An ICO’s whitepaper gives insights into the project team, goals, development roadmap, token implementation, the timeframe for listing the tokens on cryptocurrency exchanges, and similar technicalities that might be of interest to a potential backer.  So, take your time, read it (including the fine print), and make sure you can explain the gist of the startup in detail to somebody else. Keep in mind, though, that a fraudulent ICO may include a whitepaper, so this hallmark alone isn’t ultimately informative regarding its legitimacy.     Examine the website and social accounts     This tip is a no-brainer, but it speaks volumes about likely red flags. While the website of an ICO doesn’t have to be top-notch to the bone, it should use a valid SSL certificate (the URL starts with HTTPS). Furthermore, a trustworthy startup should have a social media manager who spreads the word about the ICO and interacts with the online community. Get in touch with that pe rson, ask a few questions and see how responsive and professional they appear.     Look for endorsements      If someone reputable in the blockchain domain supports an ICO, such feedback is definitely on the plus side of the project. It doesn’t mean, though, that all startups that cannot boast well-known aficionados are scams.     Verify code auditing     Ascertain whether the code of the project has been thoroughly audited for bugs,  malware , security loopholes, and other weaknesses. Make sure code auditing was done by renowned security researchers. Such an insight may give you important clues on how serious the ICO authors are about their startup.   Long story short, exercise prudence, do some reconnaissance on your own and follow your intuition before making up your mind regarding the investment. Refrain from purchasing an ICO’s virtual tokens unless you get all the questions on your checklist answered and you’re okay with those answers. And again, some extra paranoia will play into your hands when it comes to joining a n ew cryptocurrency venture.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   What NASA, Uber, and Blockchain Startups Have in Common Twitter  In November 2017,  it was announced  that Uber and NASA have partnered to begin developing a pilot project for air taxis. Coined Uber  “Elevate ”, the service is expected to have a similar base fare as Uber  “X ”, creating a new ecosystem for passenger commuting and travel.  On first thought, the idea of flying cars and commuter drones seems out of sight. The reality is that the first manned drone flight has already been successfully completed. In May 2017, California-based  Passenger Drone  initiated testing on a vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) craft that could be powered both by human pilots and remotely. In August 2017, the  first manned flights took place .  The US Government is also realizing the impact that drones and flying vehicles will have. News  just broke  that President Trump signed a law that will force all drones to be registered with the FAA. European lawmakers  passed a similar rule  a few weeks back targeting drone registration. Total drone registrations in the US  topped 800,000  earlier in 2017 with an estimated growth of over  7 million drones in use by 2020 .  With this massive growth comes the concerns of air safety and how to best regulate the future highways of the sky, both for commercial and consumer use. Innovative blockchain companies are jumping at the chance to address this need with everything from safety protocol to marketplaces for future flights.  For example,  Blockchain Taxi , a partner of Passenger Drone, is taking the lead on using all of Passenger Drone ’s flight data to build out a blockchain-backed protocol. By combining years of historical flight data, Blockchain Taxi wants to create the smart contract ecosystem that can be used by regulators and enterprises to facilitate safe passenger drone and air taxi operations.  Another company in the space,  McFly , has modeled out the projected cost of flying a passenger drone versus taking a private jet or Uber. Those figures, come out to roughly $8 per minute of flight time for an Uber Elevate vs. $50 for a typical helicopter ride.  Earlier this year The United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) published a patent titled “Unmanned aerial delivery to secure location,” describing how  Wal-Mart could use blockchain technology  to automate the logistics of delivery drones. In this example, blockchain technology could be used to authenticate identities, track packages in real-time, and log all critical information on a secured ledger.  Not all news from related blockchains startups has been positive. First mover AERO Token, received a  tough critique  from ICO rating agency Smith  & Crown for having an  “incomplete appeal for investor support ”. The challenges involved include the economics involved with building out this drone infrastructure as well as legal red flags due to different interpretations of laws.  Despite the challenges, it is safe to assume that manned drone flights and air taxis will eventually be a part of our mainstream transportation culture. Whether used for emergency evacuations or logistics, there are many inner-city hurdles that could be solved using both commercial and passenger drones.  
DECREASE	   What Is  “Strategic Scarcity ” and Why It ’s a Game Changer Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Last year has brought terms like bitcoin and cryptocurrency to the vocabulary of more than half the world’s population. Estimates indicate that as many as 1 in 20 people own some form of this new asset class. However, the recent rush has brought many to mistake cryptocurrencies for  “corporate stocks ”, and not as utility tokens, currencies and/or commodities. One start-up is showing the advantages of tokenization, as compared to the corporate stock structure, in a completely unique way. Optitoken (ERC20) is the first algorithmically traded crypto fund, which will allow token holders exposure to a carefully selected basket of tokens that will be traded automatically with the intent of creating a profit. The project introduces the idea of  “Strategic Scarcity ” and coin supply control, amongst other interesting strategies put in place solely to benefit the value of token holders and community.   What is  “Strategic scarcity? ” One could liken it to some of the techniques used by central banks in regards to controlling the circulation of currency available in order to affect inflation/deflation. In this case, the tool will only be implemented to positively affect price through the means of deflation. How do they do it? That brings into subject some of the other techniques the team is implementing such as algorithmic trading amongst a basket of carefully selected tokens with the intent of creating the most optimal amount of profit possible. The tokens in the basket are backed by the funds raised in the token sale event which is scheduled for early 2018. When a profit is created, the profits are used to buy, in equal amounts, OptiToken directly on each exchange that Opti is available for tradi ng. This first step induces upward price pressure and adds volume to the Opti market(s). To protect from those tokens re-entering the market as potential sell-pressure, the bulk of the tokens are purposefully sent to an  “un-spendable address. ” Meaning the tokens will be lost forever but still viewable on any ethereum block explorer as to maintain transparency. The remaining small amount, only a few percentage points of each cycle, is sent proportionally to token holders supporting the OptiToken technical infrastructure.   Each cycle which can only occur, based upon creating profits from the fund. That ’s going to be watched over and managed by 3 professional traders, who between them, have years of experience in the cryptocurrency space trading and the profits and wallet balances to prove it. The portfolio to date has outpaced Bitcoin by nearly 100% since the funds test-net inception. You can track its progress on the company’s website at  https://OptiToken.io .   The founder, Sean Donato, says, “With so many newcomers buying at all-time highs than selling in panic, such as was witnessed in the sharp crash today (December 22nd), the need for something like this is greater than ever. A truly unique token that has the ability and potential to actually be almost as profitable in bear-markets, as it is in bull-markets. This project makes it possible for someone who ’s barely beginning to grasp blockchain technology, to potentially profit at equal or higher rates than self-proclaimed seasoned vets.”  In the future, the team seeks to incorporate machine learning and smart-contract automation to further enhance the projects capabilities. You can whitelist for the private pre-sale and ICO now and learn more about the project at  https://OptiToken.io  or follow them on Twitter @OptiToken. The project will be available for Non-US and Non-Chinese citizens to start but may open up to those geographies in the future if regulation eventually allows.   
DECREASE	   Director of UK Cryptocurrency Exchange EXMO Kidnapped in Ukraine Twitter  According to Ukrainian news outlet  Strana.ua , IT specialist and managing director of UK-based cryptocurrency exchange EXMO, Pavel Lerner, has been kidnapped on December 26 in Kiev. The 40-year-old reportedly has a number of startups linked to cryptocurrencies, including mining operations.  Per most reports, the cryptocurrency exchange’s head was kidnapped near a street formerly known as Moscow Prospect, later renamed to Stepan Bandera Prospect. He was forced into a Mercedes-Benz Vito by unknown assailants. Strana wrote (roughly translated):  “The programmer was dragged into a Mercedes-Benz Vito car (state number AA 2063 MT) by unknown persons in dark clothes and balaclavas, and taken away in an unknown direction. ”  Search operations are currently being conducted, and investigators are considering all possible leads in the case. According to  BitsMedia , the cryptocurrency exchange Lerner headed, EXMO, recently released a statement confirming media reports, adding it was doing everything it could to help find him. The statement further assured its operations weren’t affected and revealed he didn’t have direct access to user data.  The statement reads:  “The problem is real. We are doing everything possible to speed up the search for Pavel Lerner. The company would be grateful for any information to aid in the search for Pavel. Despite everything, the platform is working as usual. Pavel ’s activity in the company does not affect the access to cold storage or other user information. ”  According to data from  CoinMarketCap , EXMO is a major cryptocurrency exchange with a $110 million daily trading volume, that has crypto to Russian ruble trading pairs. Given that cryptocurrencies are becoming increasingly relevant and that EXMO is one of Ukraine’s biggest exchanges, some believe there’s more to the kidnapping than meets the eye.  What We Know about Pavel Lerner  According to Ukrainian media, Pavel Lerner is EXMO’s CEO, and the kidnapping is almost certainly connected to his cryptocurrency mining ventures or the exchange. He is from Kursk, but had been living in Barcelona, Spain. He was only occasionally in Kiev.  On his  LinkedIn profile , Lerner lists his job as “Head of analytics  & trading at EXMO,” a position he’s had for over 4 years, since March 2013. Lerner was open about his connections to EXMO and has even been  interviewed in the past . BitsMedia compared his stance to that of the admins of the now-defunct BTC-e exchange, and added that he may face charges similar to those faced by Russian national  Alexander Vinnik  after being arrested in Greece.  Notably, Vinnik was believed to be an admin at BTC-e, an exchange that saw its  domain get seized,  and later managed to relaunch as WEX. Those behind BTC-e’s social media accounts quickly stated Vinnik  wasn’t even an employee  at the exchange,. However, his arrest was almost immediately made public. As CCN reported the motive was for  allegedly laundering $4 billion in bitcoin .  According to reports, last year EXMO’s original dot-com domain was blocked by Roskomnadzor, Russia’s telecom regulator. Its current domain, exmo.me, has been registered under Lerner’s name in Krasnoyarsk, and the exchange is currently fighting the regulator’s decision in court, making it one of the few fighting the state’s clampdown.  This information suggests Lerner might’ve not been kidnapped by criminals trying to extort him. It suggests this may be a “second Alexander Vinnik” case, as BitsMedia puts it.  Separately, EXMO revealed it was hit with a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack earlier today.   EXMO is under the DDoS attack.  The site will be available within half an hour.  We apologize for the temporary inconvenience.  Sincerely, The EXMO Team  — EXMO (@Exmo_com)  December 28, 2017   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Segwit2x a Scam?  Community Members Cry Foul Twitter  Over the past week or so, CCN has dedicated a  number of articles  to the alleged  revival of Segwit2x . The proposed fork is slated for block 501451, approximately December 28th.  Inspired by the aborted November Segwit2x fork, this revamped version is the product of an entirely new team.  And crypto community members are not convinced.  Many have either asked the question “Is this B2x a scam?” or have come to the conclusion that it is.  Some of our own readers even raised concerns in a few of our articles’ comment sections.  Well we want to make sure that we’re presenting all the facts we can, so we’ve done some digging to address these concerns.  Here’s what we found.  Questions Surround Segwit2x’s Team  Until today, the revival  fork’s website  only listed three team members: Jaap Terlouw, Donna Khyuz, and Robert Szabo.  On his LinkedIn , Jaap Terlouw labels himself as the “Main developer and advisor at segwit2x,” but his work bio includes no prior experience in blockchain development or relevant coding experience.  His current position lists him as CEO of an unidentified company, and his only other past job title is “Mayor SLM new build” –if you’re unsure about what this means, you’re not alone.  Let’s move on to Donna Khyuz, whose LinkedIn profile is currently inactive.  According to a  Medium post  authored by Dr-Hack, she sports an  updated Instagram profile  as a self-proclaimed “Crypto Developer, ICO  & Blockchain expert.”  I’m calling this profile updated because,  according to an archived Instagram profile  from December 19th, Khyuz’s advertised herself as a “Model, Dancer, Actress, Business Woman.”  That’s quite a career change to make in a little over a week, and it’s given root to community skepticism.  Robert Szabo has  the most detailed LinkedIn , but there’s still little to show for a background in coding or blockchain development.  His past employment largely consists of jobs at T-Mobile, and his professional training is in automation engineering.  Two new team members (Artur Bujnicki and Bartosz Kozlowski) were added in the last 24 hours. Perhaps in an attempt to build credibility,  Bujnicki’s LinkedIn  lists prior software development experience, while  Kozlowski’s own  contains extensive experience in account management.  Perhaps one of the bigger red flags for B2x’ credibility was the inclusion of Sairam Jetty on the official team  without his knowledge .  As Dr-Hack pointed out, the B2x team listed Jetty as a contributor sans his permission, and he was only recently delisted from the website.  When asked in a Facebook message if the revived fork is a scam, Jetty shared his belief that “it is.”  Reddit Raises the Alarm  Numerous posts  have  surfaced  on Reddit in recent days diagnosing the alleged fork, picking around the web for inconsistencies and suspicious information.  In  one such post , original poster u/draget notes that  the project’s Github  is relatively inactive.  More over, the page has only been live for 8 days.  The team also has an extremely young presence on Bitcoin Talk forum, with the sole Segwit2x representative appearing just 12 days ago.  In the comments for  separate post , u/Breakpoint claims that the project representative on Bitcoin Talk  solicited community members  for their private keys.  Within the same comment section, u/RzeroD  provides a link  that indicates there will be a 2,000,000 coin pre-mine, a fact that the B2x team does not reveal on its website.   Out of the Reddit posts we examined, a few users,  including original posters u/Sonicthoughts  and u/increaseblocks accuse the B2x’s orchestrators of falsifying developer identities and creating fake LinkedIn accounts.    A Fork in the Wrong Direction?  Community concerns don’t stop there.  In response to the team’s promise that Bitcoin holders will receive “ a proportional number of Satoshi Nakamoto`s Bitcoins as a reward for their commitment to progress,” Dr-Hack reasonably charges: “I have no idea how they will get hold of BTC held by Satoshi Nakamoto ,[sic] the claims are weird and interesting at the same time.”  He also rightly indicates that the project’s “official Instagram, Twitter, second Telegram channel and Reddit are alm ost empty.”  There’s clearly enough information here to leave community members doubtful of Segwit2x’s revival.  Dedicated to truth and transparency, the team here at CCN has an obligation to its readership to provide honest, thorough, and unbiased reporting.  As such, we hope that the listed information may lead our readers to an informed, educated decision of how they should approach this  alleged fork.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin is Facing the ‘Moment of Truth’, Says Allianz Economist Twitter  A top economist at one of Europe’s largest asset management firms said that he believes bitcoin is facing its “moment of truth” as it endures its first significant correction since the launch of bitcoin futures contracts earlier this month.  Bitcoin at  ‘Defining ’ Juncture  Mohamed El-Erian, the chief economic adviser at Allianz, wrote in a  Bloomberg op-ed  that, following a banner year that has seen the bitcoin price rise to nearly $20,000 after entering January at $1,000, the market finds itself at a “defining” juncture.  Since reaching an all-time high of $19,891 on December 17, the bitcoin price has entered a severe corrective phase. At the time of writing, bitcoin was trading at $14,078, according to the  CCN Bitcoin Price Index , a decline of 29 percent from its all-time high.  Though not outside bitcoin’s normal range of volatility  — the market pulls back by 30 percent approximately once every two months  — this is the largest correction since U.S. exchanges CBOE and CME launched bitcoin futures contracts. Consequently, El-Erian wrote that this downturn carries particular importance for bitcoin’s future.  “Either this sharp price correction will act as a catalyst for expanding what, until now, has been quite limited institutional involvement in this market  — or it will become a stage in the deflation of a remarkable and historic asset bubble,” he said.  Bitcoin Risks Becoming a Historic Investment Bubble  The former PIMCO chief executive, who  argued in September  that the flagship cryptocurrency ’s fair market value lay between $1,300 and $2,000  — about one-third of its value at the time  — explained that, to date, bitcoin has been buttressed by a small but dedicated investor base. He also alleged that, with the exception of China, bitcoin has attracted less government intervention than one would expect.  However, this latter claim glosses over the fact that at one time, mainstream financial analysts said that a  Chinese regulatory crackdown  would deal bitcoin a deathblow. That, of course, was not the case, and cryptocurrency prices rose dramatically in the months after China banned cryptocurrency trading.  Referencing this breakneck climb, El-Erian said that a “healthy” correction would remove the “irrational exuberance” from the market, provide institutional investors with an attractive entry point, and widen bitcoin’s investor base.  “Absent this,” he warned, “not even the deep commitment of true believers will be enough to protect individual retail investors who would end up experiencing a price appreciation and collapse that would rival even the biggest investment bubbles in history.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ATBCoin Hit With Class-Action Lawsuit After $20 Million ICO Twitter  Blockchain startup ATBCoin was hit with a class-action lawsuit, making it the latest in a string of projects to be sued by investors following initial coin offerings (ICOs).  ATBCoin Hit With Class-Action Lawsuit  Filed on Dec. 21 in the Southern District of New York, the lawsuit ( PDF ) alleges that ATBCoin and its operators violated the Securities Act by conducting a securities offering without registering with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).  From the suit:  “The ATB ICO was a clear offer and sale of securities because, inter alia, Defendants touted, and Plaintiff and other ATB ICO investors reasonably expected, that the ATB Coins received in exchange for their investments would be worth more than the ETH, BTC, LTC, or other currencies invested. Additionally, as discussed herein, Defendants have explicitly referred to the ATB ICO p articipants as “investors” and repeatedly stressed the profit potential from holding ATB Coins,” the suit said.  Interestingly, the suit also claims that Herbert Hoover  — one of ATBCoin ’s co-founders  —  deceptively claimed  that he is a descendant of both U.S. President Herbert Clark Hoover and the Hoover family that founded the Hoover Company.  “These claims are impossible as these two family trees are unrelated. Moreover, as is evident in a video of Defendant Hoover clearly reading his own “biography” with an accent, it appears highly unlikely that Defendant Hoover is who he claims to be, ” the suit said.   Apparently, the developers saw the suit coming. Just three days before the suit was filed, ATBCoin published a statement on their blog claiming that it did not accept investment funds from American citizens.   “We want to remind you that from the very beginning of the project, ATB Coin never accepted investment funds from American citizens. All users of the platform accepted the terms and conditions of our Offer and agreed with the point that they are not residents of the United States. This condition has always been and is mandatory when registering at atbcoin.com,” the post said.   ATBCoin also said that it does not conduct financial activities in the U.S., although its website lists its main address as a co-working space located in the Trump Tower in New York City.  ICO Investors Face Regret, Declining Coin Values  According to an estimate from ICO tracker CoinSchedule, the ATBCoin token sale raised $20.4 million worth of bitcoin, ether, and litecoin during its ICO, which ran from June through September.  Source: CoinMarketCap  However, to the chagrin of investors, the value of ATBCoin price has plunged from a high of $1.52 shortly after the ICO to less than $0.48 at the time of writing, even as the values of the coins used to contribute to the ICO have surged.  Consequently, as was the case with  Tezos , investors have begun to regret contributing to the ICO and have sought to recoup their funds by having a court rule that the crowdsale violated SEC regulations. So far, no court has ruled on these lawsuits, although SEC Chairman Jay Clayton has  stated  that most ICOs he has observed should be registered as securities offerings.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Charity Makes $5 Million Donation to Basic Income Experiment Twitter  The anonymous founder of bitcoin charity Pineapple Fund struck it rich investing in bitcoin, and now they are using that wealth to help rural Kenyans trapped in extreme poverty.  Pineapple Fund Makes $5 Million Donation to GiveDirectly  On Friday, “Pine,” the alias of the Pineapple Fund’s founder,  announced  on the Basic Income subreddit that the fund had donated $5 million to GiveDirectly, a charity that is financing a 12-year basic income experiment for impoverished rural Kenyans and also distributes unconditional lump-sum cash transfers to residents of the communities it serves.  GiveDirectly confirmed the donation on its Twitter page, adding that it accepts bitcoin donations through its Coinbase account.   The Pineapple Fund just donated $5M in bitcoin to send unconditional cash transfers to people in living in extreme poverty. 🙌  https://t.co/S5y0myd8Uo  — GiveDirectly (@Give_Directly)  December 27, 2017   Established earlier this month by a bitcoin millionaire who wishes his or her identity to remain a secret, the Pineapple Fund has  committed to donating more than 5,000 BTC   — the majority of the founder’s newfound crypto wealth  — to worthy charities operating across the world.  Source: Pineapple Fund  To date, the Pineapple Fund has donated more than $15 million to 14 different charities. The $5 million donation to GiveDirectly was the largest that the fund has made public, and its previous donations have ranged in size from $50,000 to $1 million and have been distributed to a variety of different charities and research organizations.  Last week, the Pineapple Fund gifted $1 million to the Internet Archive, and it has also donated $500,000 to cryptocurrency-focused non-profit BitGive  — the largest individual gift that the organization has received.  Stoking the Flames of the Scaling Debate  But while the Pineapple Fund represents one of the most visible expressions of goodwill one could conceive, even it has been unable to avoid stirring up controversy in the intensely-partisan cryptocurrency community.  Frustrated by slow confirmation times and high transaction fees, Pine  published a post  on the BTC subreddit  — the de facto forum for bitcoin cash supporters  — urging charities to accept bitcoin cash and cryptocurrency payment processors to support BCH as a payment option. Unsurprisingly, this stoked the flames of the bitcoin scaling debate, leading at least one bitcoin cash critic to make the dubious accusation that the Pineapple Fund is actually a marketing ploy for bitcoin cash.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Falls 10% as Cryptocurrency Market Endures Another Big Correction Twitter  The bitcoin price has fallen by more than 10 percent over the past 24 hours, as the cryptocurrency market endured yet another major correction for the third time in December.  Cryptocurrency market cap weekly chart  Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash, IOTA, and Others Fall  With one exception in Ripple, major cryptocurrencies in the market including bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, Litecoin, Cardano, IOTA, NEM, and Monero have all demonstrated a substantial decline in value.   Since yesterday, December 27, the market valuation of cryptocurrencies has plummeted from $621 billion to $567 billion, by nearly $54 billion overnight.   While there was not a major event or driving factor that has contributed to the recent decline of most cryptocurrencies, analysts have attributed the correction to the sudden increase in the value of cryptocurrencies over the past few months.  Some cryptocurrencies like Cardano for instance, have gained over $10 billion in value within months after launch, and the abrupt surge in the valuation of cryptocurrencies in the market have led investors and the market to reconsider the cryptocurrency market’s current valuation.  It is also important to acknowledge that merely three months ago in early October, the market cap of every single cryptocurrency in the market combined was less than $145 billion. Today, bitcoin alone is twice as large as the entire cryptocurrency market cap in October.  Cryptocurrencies are also at an early phase in development and adoption. Inevitably, for many years ahead, digital currencies like bitcoin will remain as hyper volatile assets and for the high volatility rate of cryptocurrencies to decrease, the market will need to mature, develop, and evolve. Until then, 10 percent gains and losses on a single day will likely occur on a regular basis.   Earlier this month, Blocktower’s chief information officer and co-founder Ari Paul, confirmed with CNBC that it was Blocktower that placed a $1 million bet on the US Commodities and Futures Trading Commission (CFTC)-regulated bitcoin derivatives exchange LedgerX that the price of bitcoin will achieve $50,000 by the end of 2018.  During his interview, Paul noted that given bitcoin’s hyper volatile nature, investors should expect the price of bitcoin to fall by large margins, in the same way investors expect the price of bitcoin to surge after major corrections.  “If bitcoin settles anywhere below $50,000 next year, it will expire worthless. But if bitcoin goes to $100,000, it pays 30 to 1 [30-fold]. Bitcoin is volatile. This is a hyper volatile asset. Bitcoin is up more than 1,400 percent this year. It also falls 30 percent almost every other month. These calls are a bet that if its volatile to the upside we can easily see over $50,000 next year,”  said Paul.  Where Does Bitcoin Go From Here?  At the time of reporting, even on futures exchanges like the Chicago Board Options Exchange (Cboe) and CME, which have demonstrated high premiums for bitcoin investment for weeks, bitcoin is being traded at below $14,000. That is, more than $600 lower than the global average price of $14,600.  Based on the trend of the cryptocurrency market, analysts expect the price of bitcoin to recover with rest of the cryptocurrencies in the market, as weak hands drop off and long-term holders remain.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   India’s Tax Sleuths are Looking Into Bitcoin Profiteers’ Overall Wealth Twitter  India’s income tax (IT) department is taking a closer look at the overall wealth of individuals making gains in bitcoin trading through exchanges.  After outlining their  intent to collect taxes  from bitcoin adopters raking in profits from this year’s soaring gains, India’s official tax authority will reportedly zero in on certain individuals’ overall wealth when investigating their bitcoin profits.  For context, the IT department  visited  nine major bitcoin exchanges across the country on December 13 to conduct ‘survey operations’ wherein the identity of traders and investors and their transactions, related bank accounts and more were gathered. “The officials had requested data to try and analyse taxability of Bitcoin,”  revealed  Coinsecure, a bitcoin exchange based in India’s capital New Delhi. “Everything was extremely routine and all exchanges in India have gone through the same process cooperating and coordinating with the authorities.”  Now, India’s tax authority is putting its lens over on a select group of individuals who have profited the most from bitcoin’s soaring gains this year, using the data collected from its ‘surveys’ to check into individuals’ assets beyond bitcoin.  “So, apart from bitcoin or other currencies, all the mobile and immobile properties of an individual who has made significant gains in cryptocurrencies will be under scrutiny,” revealed Sathvik Vishwanath, CEO of Bangalore-based exchange Unocoin, speaking to  Quartz .  The publication also cited an anonymous official from a separate cryptocurrency exchange who said the IT department mentioned the possibility of checking into other assets bought off of the profits made from bitcoin’s gains.  According to the report, it’ll be the top percentile of bitcoin profiteers, by highest gains, who will come under the tax department’s focus.  A lawyer who sees a handful of Indian bitcoin exchanges as clients told Quartz:  The top people who have made maximum gains are the ones who are going to be under the scanner. That’s because the number of people showing gains on these virtual currencies is miniscule.  Last week, a senior tax official said as many as 400,000-500,000 bitcoin adopters are set to  receive notices  wherein “they will have to pay capital gains tax on the bitcoin investments and trade.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ripple Officially Overtakes Bitcoin Cash, Surpasses $51 Billion Market Valuation Twitter  Over the past 24 hours, Ripple has overtaken Bitcoin Cash to become the third largest cryptocurrency behind bitcoin and Ethereum, with a staggering $51 billion market valuation.  Why Did Ripple Surge in Value?  Earlier today, the entire cryptocurrency market experienced a major correction, as nearly every cryptocurrency in the market with the exception of a few declined in value by more than 10 percent. Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Litecoin have declined by around 11 percent.  While other cryptocurrencies fell in value and struggled to maintain momentum, the Ripple price surged by 7 percent, which is noteworthy because most of the cryptocurrencies have declined in value by large margins. In fact, out of the top 20 cryptocurrencies in the market, Ripple remains as the only cryptocurrency to record a daily gain.  Daily price trend of top 20 cryptocurrencies in the market  Analysts have attributed the recent surge in the price of Ripple to the newly formed partnership between SBI Holdings and major credit card companies in Japan. SBI Holdings is a large-scale financial service company in Japan that operate a variety of businesses such as banks and schools. SBI Ripple Asia, a joint venture created by SBI Holdings and Ripple, created a consortium of Japanese credit card companies to test, implement, and deploy blockchain-based solutions of Ripple.  “We are going to invest in the ecosystem to both help accelerate the adoption of Ripple ’s technology,” said Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse on CNBC’s Squawk Alley. “One of the things we all have to remember is the value of a token over the long term is really going to be driven by its utility. There ’s no question there ’s a lot of hype in this system. ”  At the time of reporting, more than 100 financial institutions are utilizing the Ripple network to process international payments and peer-to-peer transactions with lower costs. Several banks such as SEB, one of Sweden’s largest banks, have been using Ripple to settle hundreds of millions of dollars in transactions for high-profile clients.  In October, Ripple revealed that France’s Crédit Agricole, Brazil’s Bexs Banco and Uruguay’s dLocal have partnered with the company to implement Ripple’s blockchain technologies. FT  also reported  that SEB transferred $180 million on the Ripple network.   “It also said that SEB, the Swedish bank, had used Ripple’s system to transfer $180m between Sweden and the US in recent months to help manage the cash balances of one of the bank’s large corporate customers.”  South Korea’s Role  Yesterday, on December 27, CCN reported that the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market is pushing the price of cryptocurrencies concentrated in the South Korean market in terms of daily trading volume with substantially high premiums.  Ripple is one of the few cryptocurrencies concentrated in the South Korean market, and investors have become increasingly optimistic in regards to Ripple’s long-term growth trend given the partnership between South Korean banks and Japanese banks to process payments on the Ripple blockchain network.  If Ripple continues to add more banks and large-scale financial institutions on its network, the transaction volume and user activity of the Ripple blockchain will further increase, driving its price upwards.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   South Korea is Not Banning Bitcoin but FUD Drives Price Down Twitter  Earlier today, unconfirmed and false rumors that the South Korean government will ban bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchanges led the price of bitcoin down.  Bitcoin price falls below $14,000  South Korea is Not Banning Bitcoin  Reuters published a four-sentence article on December 27, claiming that the South Korean government will enforce new regulations and close down cryptocurrency exchanges. However, merely hours later, Reuters corrected the story by reporting that the South Korean government will close anonymous cryptocurrency exchange accounts, which was the plan since December 13, as CCN reported on many occasions.  Consequently, Reuters was criticized by many experts and analysts including IamNomad, leading Forbes to publish its previous article dated December 15, reaffirming that the South Korean government is in process of regulating the market to drive adoption and further stabilize the cryptocurrency industry.   Fake news on South Korea banning  #Bitcoin  led the price to decline. It was FUD. South Korea is disallowing anonymous trading, which was the plan SINCE DECEMBER 13. They will disallow foreigners and underaged investors from investing.  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  December 28, 2017  CCN also reported  today, on December 28, that the South Korean government will disable anonymous accounts on cryptocurrency exchanges. In an emergency meeting held on December 13, the South Korean government and its cryptocurrency task force formed by the South Korean Ministry of Strategy and Finance, Financial Services Commission, Ministry of Justice, Fair Trade Commission, and Financial Supervisory Commission revealed that foreigners and underaged investors will be prohibited from trading bitcoin.  The foreign investor ban was enforced after a group of Chinese traders were caught laundering millions of dollars and taking advantage of the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market’s premium rates by arbitraging bitcoin. Because the price of bitcoin in the South Korean market is around 20 percent higher than that of the global average price, the traders brought bitcoin from China, possibly from local miners, sold them in South Korea, and sent Chinese yuan back to their homeland.  The South Korean government introduced regulations to prevent such activities from occuring in the future, and to protect underaged investors from large risks involved in cryptocurrency trading. Previously, South Korean Prime Minister Lee Nak-yeon expressed his concerns over bitcoin mania in South Korea, as middle school to college students started to day-trade bitcoin on a daily basis.  Local Exchanges Want Regulations  Local exchanges like Bithumb, the world’s second largest cryptocurrency market based in Seoul, South Korea, said that they welcome regulations because it will allow the local bitcoin market to stabilize, mature, and grow at a faster rate. More to that, an increasing number of investors in the South Korean market are falling victim to cryptocurrency-related ponzi schemes.  As such, it is beneficial for the government to regulate the space so that investors trade bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies directly on exchanges, not through third party service providers and intermediaries, which leave investors vulnerable to scams and ponzi schemes.   ”A right set of regulations will rather nurture the (virtual currency) market, and we would welcome that,”  said Bithumb.  The false news around the South Korean government’s optimistic approach to regulating the local bitcoin market led the price of bitcoin to decline. In addition to the major correction of the entire cryptocurrency market which brought bitcoin down from $16,000 to $15,000, the price of bitcoin has declined to $14,000.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin ‘Doesn’t Pass the Smell Test’: Massachusetts Securities Regulator Twitter  Massachusetts’ top securities regulator cautioned investors against purchasing bitcoin, claiming that it “doesn’t pass the smell test.”  Bitcoin  ‘Doesn ’t Pass the Smell Test ’  Speaking with  CNBC , William Galvin, the secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, said that the dramatic rise of the bitcoin price was based entirely on speculation, not real fundamentals.  “There is no product here. This is entirely speculation. That ’s already been proven by the wild gyrations of the value, ” Galvin said.  “It ’s also subject to manipulation, because no one can explain, it no one can control it. ”  ‘It doesn ’t pass the smell test, ” he added.  Galvin, who also served as a Massachusetts state representative for 15 years, said that bitcoin “certainly qualifies as a bubble,” noting that public companies have artificially inflated their stock prices by simply adding “blockchain” to their names.  “There is no ‘there’ there,” he continued, expressing concern that average investors were getting caught up in the bitcoin “mania” without possessing a true understanding of either the asset or the risks associated with purchasing it.  “This is clearly a bubble,” he concluded.  Nevertheless, Galvin acknowledged that because bitcoin is “allegedly a currency” he does not have direct jurisdiction over the asset itself.  Rather, he said that his office is investigating initial coin offerings (ICOs) and other cryptocurrency-derived investment products which he says likely fall subject to securities regulations.  The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) agrees. SEC Chairman Jay Clayton recently issued a  personal statement  in which he said that most of the ICOs he had observed were securities offerings  — not utility token generation events (TGEs).  Bitcoin Potentially  ‘Worthless ’  Galvin’s comments reinforced a public statement ( PDF ) his office had issued earlier this month in which he suggested that bitcoin was was potentially worthless and cautioned Massachusetts residents against investing in it.  “Bitcoin is just the latest in a history of speculative bubbles that most often burst, leaving the average investors with a worthless product,” he said in the statement, referencing the  oft-lobbed but dubious  tulipmania comparison.  Galvin went on to list seven reasons why investors should be cautious to invest in bitcoin, beginning with the fact that it is  “not backed by the United States or any other government or central bank. ”  Of course, as most cryptocurrency investors would retort: that ’s a feature  — not a bug.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from YouTube/ Mass Dems.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Cap Sheds $50 Billion as Bitcoin, Ethereum Prices Skid Twitter  The cryptocurrency market cap shed $50 billion on Thursday as the result of a widespread market correction that forced a myriad of prominent coins into double-digit percentage declines.  Cryptocurrency Market Cap Endures $50 Billion Decline  Yesterday, the cryptocurrency market cap  recovered back to $600 billion  after last week ’s severe correction, but today ’s pullback dropped it well below that mark. At present, the combined value of all cryptocurrencies is $550 billion, which represents a single-day decline of more than eight percent.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The correction appears to be tied to a report that South Korea  — one of the world ’s largest cryptocurrency markets  — is preparing to  enforce a ban  on anonymous cryptocurrency trading in an attempt to cool off the markets and prevent money laundering. Korean regulators have also prepared a list of  new regulations  targeted specifically at bitcoin exchanges based in the country. While some analysts believe South Korea ’s increased oversight of cryptocurrency markets as a bullish signal in the long-term, it will inevitably lead to short-term volatility.  Bitcoin Price Drops Below $14,000  Against this backdrop, the  bitcoin price  led a widespread cryptocurrency retreat, plunging as low as $13,145 on Bitfinex after recovering as high as $16,500 earlier in the week. At present, the bitcoin price is trading at $13,667, an 11 percent pullback from its Wednesday level. Bitcoin now has a market cap of about $229 billion.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Ethereum Price Dives 10 Percent  The  ethereum price  posted a similar performance, dropping about 10 percent on Bitfinex to reduce its price to $673. Ethereum ’s market cap is now worth roughly $65 billion, a nearly $20 billion decrease from the all-time high it set earlier this month.  Ethereum Price Chart  Ripple Price Fights Against Current  As usually happens, the downturn hit the altcoin markets hard, and the total altcoin market cap dropped by $23 billion. Altogether, nine of the top 10 cryptocurrencies experienced double-digit percentage price decreases for the day, although there was one notable exception.  Cryptocurrency Market Cap Charts  Amidst a sea of red, the ripple price managed to make a slight advance, rising about one percent to $1.13 on Bitfinex. Ripple ’s global average was much-higher due to intense demand from Korean traders, enabling the ripple price to hit an all-time high before pulling back to its present level. At the time of writing, ripple had a market cap of $44 billion, enabling it to slip past a plunging bitcoin cash.  Ripple Price Chart  Now ranked fourth, the bitcoin cash price endured a 16 percent blow that forced its market cap below the $40 billion mark. At present, bitcoin cash is priced at just $2,364.  The litecoin price declined by 13 percent to $242, while the IOTA ’s 18 percent correction was the worst among top 10 cryptocurrencies.  The dash price fell by 15 percent, placing it just six dollars above the $1,000 mark, and EOS dropped by more than 16 percent to $7.67. NEM and monero each saw their prices decline by about 12 percent, rounding out the top 10.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   South Korea to Enforce Ban on Anonymous Bitcoin Trading: Reports Twitter  South Korean authorities are reportedly introducing curbs on the trading of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin within the country.  Reuters  is reporting that South Korea’s government is weighing in with new rules on the country’s cryptocurrency trading market that is firmly among the largest in the world.  While unverified by CCN at press time, the Reuters report cites the government as stating:  The government had warned several times that virtual coins cannot play a role as actual currency and could result in high losses due to excessive volatility.  The government’s statement also noted premiums in prices of cryptocurrencies traded on South Korean exchanges compared to other global counterparts. As  reported  by CCN yesterday, South Korean investors are paying up to 12% and 16% in premiums for trading Ripple and Monero respectively, due to a lack of supply in a market that is seeing soaring demand among retail investors for cryptocurrencies.  “Officials share the view that virtual currency trading is overheating irrationally  … and we can no longer overlook this abnormal speculative situation, ” the government statement added, according to  AFP .  New Laws to Allow Regulators Shut Down Exchanges  The new restrictive curbs will reportedly include a ban on opening anonymous cryptocurrency accounts to crackdown on money laundering and financial fraud.  “We will…resolutely respond to such crimes by slapping maximum sentences possible on offenders,” the statement reportedly added, adding authorities would “leave all policy options open, including closure of a cryptocurrency exchange when deemed necessary.”  New laws will bestow regulators with the authority to shutter cryptocurrency exchanges, if needed, the government added. This particular  hardline ban  was recommended by the justice ministry, according to today’s statement. Earlier this month, the justice ministry prosecutor in charge of cryptocurrency-related crimes claimed the measure is to protect retail investors from potential scams.  The official stated at the time:  We do not rule out an option that bans trading of [all] cryptocurrencies. We acknowledge many problems stemming from the trade and are studying how to control them.  Further, all anonymous traders’ accounts currently in use will be closed next month, according to the AFP report.  The reported curbs come within days off South Korean authorities  conducting onsite inspections  of multiple domestic bitcoin exchanges following the  December 19 th  hack of Youbit , a Seoul-based exchange that declared bankruptcy soon after.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   This Public Company Raised Cryptocurrency-Secured Funding Twitter  A U.S. company has raised $50,000 in what may be the first instance of a public company receiving cryptocurrency-secured funding.  Public Company Raises Cryptocurrency-Secured Funding  As detailed in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), Integrated Ventures, Inc. (OTCMKTS:INTV) issued a $50,000 convertible note to Global Opportunity Group, LLC in exchange for the latter company relinquishing a warrant that entitled it to purchase 803,333 shares of Integrated Ventures stock.  According to the  filing , Integrated Ventures must pay back the note, plus interest, by Dec. 18, 2018. The default payment option is cash, but the company also has the option to prepay the outstanding balance  — along with an early-payoff penalty  — using cryptocurrency.  “Borrower’s election to exercise its right to prepay in Crypto Currency must be made by depositing in the Holder’s account at Coinbase the Crypto Redemption Amount and simultaneously sending a notice in writing to Holder. Crypto Currency shall mean any digital currency (e.g. bitcoin, ethereum, and litecoin) for which there is an active trading market at www.Coinbase.com,” the filing reads.  The Pennsylvania-based investment firm said in a statement published on its website that this was the first time a public company has raised cryptocurrency-secured funding, but CCN has been unable to verify this claim.  INTV Stock Soars After Pivot to Blockchain  Earlier SEC filings reveal that Integrated Ventures  — formerly known as EMS Find  — entered the cryptocurrency space in July 2017, apparently attempting  — like  many small firms in the news recently   — to capitalize on the cryptocurrency boom. The company’s portfolio includes a cloud mining company, as well non-cryptocurrency related projects such as ridesharing and medical transport smartphone apps.  Source: Bloomberg  In the months following the rebrand, INTV shares soared from 15 cents to an all-time high of $5.91, although the company ’s stock has since dropped to $2.42.  Even after the pullback, INTV stock is up more than 1,500 percent since the rebrand, marking yet another data point in the growing trend of companies  — a group that includes sports bra manufacturers,  beverage producers , and even cigar companies  — experiencing meteoric share price increases after signaling a transition into the blockchain space.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   $105 Million in Bitcoin …in a Landfill: Council Denies Owner to Recover Missing Hard Drive Twitter  James Howells , the IT worker who unwittingly discarded a hard drive containing what is now estimated to hold $75 million worth of  bitcoin , knows where the missing hard drive is, but he can’t try to retrieve it. That’s because the city in which the fortune is buried won’t allow him to dig in the landfill.  The missing hard drive is sitting somewhere under 200,000 tons of garbage in a Newport, South Wales landfill.  Hard Drive Gets Trashed  Howells used an old laptop to mine a total of 7,500 bitcoins in 2009. Shortly thereafter, he sold the parts to the Dell M1710 on eBay after his girlfriend complained about the mining ’s noise. He kept the hard drive in a drawer, just in case the bitcoins did increase in value. But he forgot about the hard drive, and four years later, he discarded it with the trash.  Howells has not been able to get permission from city council to dig into the landfill to retrieve the hard drive. Doing so would require specialized equipment that is normally used in criminal investigations.  He was told that a scenario where even the police had to go digging  would require a team of 15, including diggers with mandatory personal protection equipment. He couldn’t fund such an operation, so he set up a wallet for donations: https://twitter.com/howelzy/status/405690499593699328  Also read:  That missing hard drive worth 7,500 bitcoins is now worth $72 million  City Council Denies Permission  A Newport City Council spokesperson said someone has contacted them in the past about retrieving IT hardware containing bitcoins, but the council has balked on account of the costs of digging up the landfill and treating the waste, according to  Wired . Such an effort would cost millions and be environmentally harmful, with no guarantee that a working drive would be recovered. About 50,000 tons of waste is added to the landfill every year.  A city council spokesperson said the drive has likely suffered serious galvanic corrosion from landfill leachates and gases. The landfill is not open to the public.  Howells has the public address for his bitcoin, so he knows the bitcoins have not been moved. Because the data is encrypted, anyone who finds the hard drive would need Howells’ help to access it.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   LAToken Research: ICOs Disrupting VC Market with $5B Raised in 2017 Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  By the end of 2017, total ICO funding is going to exceed $5B with top-10 projects raising up to $250M from a single ICO event. The current run rate of over  $600M per month surpasses traditional early-stage fundraising by a multiple, as the angel and seed-stage VC investments were running at  less than $300   million per month as of July.  So it’s no surprise that since June monthly number of ICOs have increased from 40 to 200 projects. November set a new record with 180 of closed token sales. This also resulted in a growing number of ICO projects struggling to raise funds as the competition for investors’ attention intensifies.  LAToken Research Team prepared a n  ICO trends review , which was initially presented at the biggest Eastern European Blockchain conference, Cryptospace, and is now available for the public view.  The rise and rise of ICOs  In 2017 holding an ICO event has become a viable alternative to VC funding. An  average ICO proceeds have reached $15M , meaning that blockchain startups could raise as much through crowdfunding as mainstream startups from VCs during Series A or B.   Sources: ICO Drops, CryptoCompare, ICO Watchlist, CoinSchedule, CoinDesk, ICO Tracker, TokenMarket   The success stories of Top ICOs are impressing: 10 largest token sales have raised a total of $1.5B, with Top-5 ICOs raising $145M+.   In September Filecoin, a data storage network backed by an application token was able to raise $257M that appeared to be the biggest deal in 2017.   At the same time, the number of ICO has rocketed from 8 in January to 180 in November with more projects struggling to raise funds. The largest amount of ICOs held happened in October 2017 and was measured up to 231 ICOs.  The Main ICO Areas  Blockchain infrastructure and financial services are the most lucrative areas for investors as the total amount of investments via ICOs equaled to $2,4B, according to LAToken Research. Three notable examples are Tezos, TenX, and EOS – both have raised 180m+ during their token sales.   Trading Platforms have also attracted a lot of interest with $451M raised. One of the projects – QASH – a globally-sourced trading platform that provides liquidity to the crypto economy has collected $108M during a two-day ICO. Computing and AI industries also look very appealing to the crypto investors with $389M raised.  Outperforming Bitcoin  Some of the ICO tokens, namely Qtum, Edgeless Melon and ChronoBank, turned out to be better investments than BTC in 2017.   Where ICOs are born  The United States, Singapore, and Russian have been the leaders in ICO adoption, as more than half of ICO of 2017 were launched in those 3 countries. Despite uncertainties with legislation, investors are staying positive.   Russia and the US are also world leaders in “bitcoin” web search popularity, LAToken Research shows.    All in all, ICO market shows no signs of slow down.  «We believe that in 2018 ICOs will stay a very attractive option for raising money, so the number of token sales will continue to grow. But more ICO projects will struggle to raise funds as the competition for investors’ attention intensifies. We also estimate that the amount money raised by successful projects will increase in line with the growth of the total crypto market. As soon as investors’ attention switch from rapidly growing Top-20 cryptocurrencies, ICOs can become a hot topic again, » says Founder of  LAToken  Valentin Preobrazhenskiy.    Read more in our ICO trends review on the website  –  sale.latoken.com/analytics  
DECREASE	   Billionaire Tilman Fertitta Bullishly Says Bitcoin  “Is Here to Stay ” Twitter  Billionaire businessman Tilman Fertitta, founder and CEO of Landry’s, recently shared his thoughts on bitcoin while on  CNBC’s “Power Lunch.”  The billionaire sees similarities between the rise of cryptocurrencies and the dot-com bubble, but notes bitcoin is real and is here to stay.  Fertitta, who’s also the star of reality show “Billion Dollar Buyer,” compared the cryptocurrency ecosystem’s rise to the dot-com bubble, stating that cryptocurrencies are “no different than anything new,” and that people seem to forget that just 20 years ago adding “.com” to the end of a company’s name helped its stock run-up.  After pointing out that a lot of people made a lot of money thanks to bitcoin’s rise, he said he believes the flagship cryptocurrency is here to stay. He added that “we have a lot to learn about it,” and that his biggest reservation about it is that it isn’t insured by the government.  The CEO notably stated:  “Go to the bank and try to withdraw a million dollars, they don’t have the money. It ’s just paper. That ’s all bitcoin is, is paper, but it ’s not insured by the FDIC today. And until it ’s insured, a lot of people are never going to buy it. ”  Despite the perceived setback, the billionaire businessman said that he could see his businesses accept the cryptocurrency in the future, as per his own words “it’s going to happen, that it’s real, that it’s just new.”  The billionaire’s views seemingly counter those that claim bitcoin is “just a fad,” arguing the cryptocurrency will eventually be replaced. As reported by CCN, various hedge fund platforms have rejected cryptocurrency funds as clients, fearing it could be like “the Tamagotchi from 20 years ago.”  Seemingly embracing the rise of cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology, Fertitta concluded:  “I mean, I remember somebody walking into my office and saying,  ‘The world ’s going to change. There ’s this thing called the internet. And that wasn ’t that long ago. So we have to remember this. It ’s just something new and everything moves at a quicker pace today. ”  The billionaire’s comments come at a time in which bitcoin is seemingly  stabilizing after dipping to $13,500  in a recent correction, as it is currently near $13,000 according to  CCN’s price index . The cryptocurrency is down from an all-time high near $20,000 in 2017, gaining 1,900% at its peak last year.  Featured image from YouTube/ ESPN .  
DECREASE	   We’ll Study Bitcoin ‘Very Closely’: Philippine Central Bank Twitter  A senior official from the Philippine central bank has urged caution among retail investors of bitcoin despite the bank’s generally accepting stance on cryptocurrencies.  A year ago, bitcoin price  struck $1,000  on January 1, 2017, and went on a meteoric rise to scale an all-time high  near $20,000  in December due to wider acceptance and adoption across the world. While regulators and authorities have frequently expressed concerns about price volatility, the deputy governor of Philippines’ central bank called on the public to understand bitcoin as a currency, specifically – transactions involving the cryptocurrency, according to local publication  ANC .  Stressing that the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) is “accepting” of cryptocurrencies, the official added that the bank was:  [A]t the same time, providing advisories to the general public that they have to be conscious of the opaqueness of transactions involving Bitcoins. This is something we should think about very closely.  The Philippine central bank  first issued regulations  and guidelines for the local bitcoin industry in early 2017 as bitcoin transactions grew to $8.8 million per month, up from $2 million in 2015 and $6 million in 2016, according to the BSP’s own data.  Adding its ‘accepting’ take on cryptocurrencies the central bank is also in the process of  reviewing 12 applications  for establishing and operating cryptocurrency exchanges in the country. Appearing at a televised interview in October 2017, BSP co-deputy director Melchor Plabasan called the guidelines “a pioneering regulation” before stating “we see it [bitcoin] as a payment and remittance [tool rather than an investment asset].”  The central bank official went on to  highlight the advantages  of using bitcoin, stating:  It’s like any other monetary instrument [and even] an investment instrument. There are risks but essentially, it can be managed. If you want something that is fast, near real-time and convenient then there’s the benefit of using virtual currencies like bitcoin.  Featured image from Wikimedia.  
DECREASE	   Blockchain Insider: CoinLion CEO on Building a New Kind of Crypto Exchange Twitter  Blockchain Insider is a new column dedicated to interviewing leaders in the blockchain world. These include founders, traditional industry veterans turned ICO participants and everything in-between. The weekly interviews will cover a wide range of questions and try to explore the motivation behind blockchain-based ideas and the problems blockchain technology is being used to solve.  In 2017, cryptocurrency exchanges  saw more users  than some of the world ’s largest investment brokerages. The reality is crypto exchanges can be daunting first-time users. Deposits, account verification, fees, various coins and wallets make up just a few aspects of the necessary learning curve.  Unlike most exchanges,  CoinLion  is building an exchange that is dedicated to a simple user experience, with a social component that is centered around information sharing. The result is a platform that will include portfolio management, content education, and community incentives. Following a deep dive review on  HACKED , I had the chance to catch up with Joshua Dewitt, CoinLion ’s CEO, and discuss the platform in more detail and what is in store for 2018.  1.Tell us a little bit about yourself:   My background is in the financial industry. My passion and expertise is in portfolio management and construction. Before starting CoinLion, I was with Merrill Lynch working on a team managing traditional assets. I first got into cryptocurrency through mining. I was fascinated with the technology and the ability to send transactions almost instantly with no middleman for an incredibly low cost.  The more I began to mine and trade, I realized that this was going to be a big part of our future and ultimately change the way we transact and interact globally.  2. What was your inspiration behind CoinLion? How did it all start?  I was spending much of my time trying to figure out how to effectively manage portfolios of digital assets, but found the lack of professional tools to be frustrating. There were no platforms available that had the tools needed to properly manage a portfilio. There were also no platforms that incentivized users to share information and strategies related to the management of digital assets. This social aspect is something that is valuable not only to professional traders, but casual investors as well. Education is key.  In addition, there is a lack of research and analytics in the space. It was out of the desire to solve these problems that  CoinLion  was founded in early 2017.  Over the past few months, the development and the growth have been rapid. As the crypto trading space expands, interest has risen dramatically.  3. What makes you guys different than your competitors?   The  CoinLion platform   consists of three main components working together to maximize the user ’s trading experience. The first is a cryptocurrency exchange focused on giving users the best trading experience possible. The second component is a portfolio management tool that allows for the creation and management of cryptocurrency portfolios. The third component is a public profile system that rewards users who create and share portfolios, strategies, and information with other users.  CoinLion is the first digital asset exchange to integrate all of these components together and deliver powerful trading and management tools that assist users in making smart, controlled, investment processes.    4. What is the biggest problem currently in the market?  There are many to name but the three biggest in my opinion are:  Existing exchanges and platforms have failed to deliver a powerful, secure, user-friendly platform that provides the tools, research, and education needed for the beginner, and advanced alike, to effectively manage digital assets. Currently, there is a disconnect between the tools, research, and analytics that exist in the modern financial world and those that are available in the cryptocurrency and digital asset space to properly manage portfolios and execute strategies. This has created a cumbersome and confusing user experience, especially for the beginner. Trading platforms today are also riddled with security issues that have caused a significant barrier to entry for a large percentage of the population. There is no trusted platform that provides crypto traders a community to learn, build, and grow their crypto holdings using simple and powerful tools.  5. If there is one thing you could change in the industry, what would it be?  The industry is evolving so rapidly and the technology is revolutionary. If I could change one thing, it would be to make it simpler and easier for anyone who wants to get involved to participate. That is really the ultimate goal of CoinLion.    6. What does 2018 have in store for you guys?  We are currently in the process of raising funds for the ongoing development of the platform. Our token sale is running until the end of February 2018. We are continuing to build out the CoinLion platform and have an anticipated launch date of July 2018. We expect to see continued growth of new entrants into the market and are excited to provide future users with the tools they need to make smart decisions when it comes to managing digital assets.  Disclaimer: The author has had a working relationship with CoinLion. Access to CoinLion management was made through the author ’s personal network.   
DECREASE	   The Rise of Altcoins: Bitcoin Dominance Index Drops to All-Time Low at 37.7% Twitter  The dominance index of bitcoin, which measures the dominance of bitcoin over the global cryptocurrency market, has fallen to an all-time low at 37.7 percent, as altcoins surged in value.   Bitcoin’s Dominance Index Lowers  Throughout 2017, the dominance index of bitcoin has dropped from 90 percent to 37.7 percent, primarily due to the rising popularity and adoption of alternative cryptocurrencies. Some currencies like Ethereum, Ripple, and Litecoin have risen by at least 50-fold over the past year, with Ripple demonstrating a staggering 330-fold increase in value.   Experts such as ShapeShift CEO Erik Voorhees noted that the high transaction fees have largely fueled the growth of alternative cryptocurrencies, as it has become difficult to process small payments using bitcoin.  “Fellow Bitcoiners, are you ever going to realize how problematic these fees are getting? Average fees now over $40 per transaction. A year ago avg fee was $4. A year prior, $0.40. Growing faster than price, and exponentially with usage. We just spent $4800 to move 15 BTC in one transaction,”  said Voorhees.  In a response to a statement from a member of the bitcoin community, Voorhees emphasized that alternative cryptocurrencies have become viable options to process cheaper payments. “Like Litecoin, Dash, ETH or BCH … chains that still work as peer to peer electronic cash systems,” he added.  Bitcoin still remains as the most liquid and largest cryptocurrency in the market in terms of user activity and developer activity. It has a daily trading volume of over $10 billion and a market valuation of $227 billion.  High profile investors including billionaire hedge fund legend Mike Novogratz suggested that the price of bitcoin could easily surpass $50,000 in 2018, as its market valuation achieves $1 trillion.  “Bitcoin could be at $40,000 at the end of 2018. It easily could. There ’s a big wave of money coming, not just here but all around the world,” Novogratz  said.  Analysts still remain highly optimistic in regards to the performance of bitcoin 2018, given that some of the world’s largest financial institutions have started to integrate support for bitcoin. Most notably, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the Chicago Board Options Exchange (Cboe) have filed for six bitcoin exchange-traded funds (ETFs), which are expected to provide individual investors in the traditional stock market a better platform to invest in bitcoin.   Things to look out for in 2018 in  #Bitcoin :  1. Nasdaq Bitcoin Futures 2. NYSE Bitcoin ETFs 3. Cboe Bitcoin ETFs 4. Scaling / Lower Fees 5. More Adoption Due to ↑ 6. Many Billion of Institutional Money Coming to Bitcoin / Crypto  No wonder analysts are so optimistic!  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  December 26, 2017  Trend of Altcoins  In consideration of the many billions of dollars that are expected to flow into the bitcoin market over the next few months, analysts remain enthusiastic. But, some experts have also begun to ponder the long-term growth of alternative cryptocurrencies, especially utility tokens and anonymous cryptocurrencies that hold massive potential.   For the first time in history, the combined market cap of the top 5 cryptocurrencies in the market have come close to surpassing that of bitcoin. The combined market valuation of Ripple, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, and Cardano amounts to $218 billion, and is less than $10 billion from surpassing that of bitcoin.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Rally Could Boost Japanese GDP Growth in 2018 Twitter  Bitcoin’s sensational performance in 2017 could provide Japan and other major cryptocurrency markets with an economic boost in 2018.  Bitcoin Price Rally Could Lead to GDP Growth in Japan  In fact, analysts at financial services giant Nomura predict that bitcoin ’s 2017 rally could add as much as 0.3 percent to Japanese GDP growth in the new year, according to a  Bloomberg  report.  “Rises in asset values often result in a rise in consumer spending, too, known as the wealth effect,” wrote Nomura economists Yoshiyuki Simon and Kazuki Miyamoto in a note to clients on Friday. “We estimate the wealth effect from unrealized gains on bitcoin trading by Japanese investors since the start of fiscal year 2017, and estimate a potential boost to consumer spending of  23.2-96.0 billion yen.”  The economists anticipate that although some recent bitcoin investors lost money during the downturn that occurred during the last week of December, many more achieved sizable gains during the fourth-quarter rally.  The bitcoin price rose more than 1,200 percent in 2017.  They expect that this “wealth effect” will lead investors to increase spending, beginning in the first quarter of this year.  “Moreover, the fact that the rise in bitcoin prices was concentrated in 2017 fourth quarter could result in the wealth effect materializing in 2018 first quarter, and if that is the case, we estimate a potential boost to real GDP growth on an annualized quarter over quarter basis of up to about 0.3 percentage points,” Nomura said.  Japan Embraces Bitcoin  A similar phenomenon could occur in other large cryptocurrency markets, but Japan’s will likely be especially pronounced due to its rapid embrace of bitcoin.  As CCN  reported , Japanese investors  — many of whom are already familiar with forex trading  — have turned the country into one of the largest centers for leveraged cryptocurrency trading.  Japanese bitcoin adoption has been bolstered by a  favorable regulatory environment , and analysts  estimate  that hundreds of thousands of Japanese businesses now accept cryptocurrency payments. Some mainstream companies have even begun to provide employees with the option to receive their salaries in bitcoin.  However, not all analysts are encouraged by bitcoin’s development into a mainstream financial instrument. Last month, Wells Fargo  released a report  warning that a bitcoin price crash could drag down traditional equities with it, potentially putting an end to the stock market’s historic bull run.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Tokyo image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   XWIN Brings Blockchain Integrity To Online Betting; ICO Begins Twitter  This is a sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Online betting, one of the fastest growing forms of entertainment, will exceed growth expectations thanks to the implementation of blockchain based betting platforms. The income from online betting will grow by nearly 12% annually, according to H2 Gambling Capital.   Blockchain technology, for the first time, can ensure transparency of betting transactions in addition to other critical benefits to the rapidly expanding online betting industry.  XWIN , a betting platform for sporting and other events with revenue sharing governed by an Ethereum smart contract, promises safe and convenient access for betting on any type of event. XWIN’s mission is to provide the most convenient and successful platform in the crypto betting industry.  Smart Contract Governs Bets  The XWIN smart contract sets the payout amount when a bet is placed, which cannot be spent prior to contract settlement.  The platform prevents lockouts due to frequent wins or arbitrages. There are no infrastructure risks related to technical issues with interruptions of Internet access or equipment problems, and no risk of embezzlement of funds.  The XWIN smart contract performs the role of an arbitrator that manages funds automatically. Players’ accounts are placed on the XWIN smart contract.  Registration on the platform and the purchase of tokens will provide players the benefits of ID protection, winnings protection and low fees.  Payments will be made from the general fund, which will combine free exchange pricing, commissions and token price increases. The smart contract guarantees the XWIN token price.  The XWIN CryptoBet platform will allow for betting on football, hockey, tennis, basketball, motorsports, badminton, baseball, biathlon, boxing, volleyball, handball, darts, E-sports, politics, rugby, mixed martial arts, snooker, chess, show business and other games.  All bids, bets, games, payoffs and results are recorded in the smart contract and verified against several sources of information, preventing errors during the transfer of bets and results to the smart contract. Users will be able to verify the results in the XWIN.io interface or through the XWIN API. They can also verify results through any wallets and web interfaces in the Ethereum blockchain.  The platform will deliver margins from 6% to 20% of the betting rate. The margin will be credited to the smart contract account and managed autonomously. The margin will be distributed as follows: 25% to guaranteed payments to the players; 35% to marketing; 20% to administration; and 20% to investors.  XWIN token holders will be able to sell tokens, redeemed directly by the smart contract, at any time at a nominal price.  Third party counterparties will connect to the XWIN platform using tokens, which are used to account for all transactions on the Ethereum blockchain. Bookmakers, casinos and rating games can gain automatic access to information such as betting odds, settlement services and betting contracts.  Investors Stand To Win Big  The XWIN ICO will provide investors with an unprecedented opportunity to become a co-owner of the world ’s first crypto-bookmaker and receive 100% of net income (56 kB).  Investors will have access to XWIN tokens during the platform’s development.  The smart contract will execute the XWIN ICO, which provides early access to the market. The ICO offers an opportunity to receive 20% of net income from the XWIN bookmaker.  The ICO will issue a limited number of tokens, of which 80% will be for players and investors.  ICO Begins  The ICO XWIN CryptoBet and open sale of tokens will last exactly for three months until Jan. 30, 2018.  The cost of one XWIN token is 0.003 ETH.  • 20% of the tokens will be available for the founders one year later. • 80% of the tokens will be for the open sale.  The funds received from the ICO will be distributed as follows: 32% for development;15% for legal expenses; 35% for marketing and advertising; 15% for administration and maintenance; and 3% for bounty funds distribution.  More than 3,000 registered during pre-ICO. More than $1 million in ETH and BTC has already been raised.  
DECREASE	   Schwab Strategist Dismisses Bitcoin Comparisons to Dot-Com and Housing Bubbles Twitter  Jeffrey Kleintop, Charles Schwab ’s chief investment strategist, told  Business Inside r that if there is a bitcoin bubble, it is not like the dot-com and housing bubbles. If bitcoin prices fall, it will not be for the same reasons as the other bubbles since bitcoin is not yet embedded in the economy and the financial structure the way dot-com and housing stocks were. Any fallout in bitcoin prices would be reflective of developments unique to bitcoin.  Kleintop, whose company manages $320 billion in assets, said he gets asked whether or not  bitcoin  is a bubble every place he travels throughout the world.  Kleintop is one of several experts who has differed with those who have called bitcoin a bubble waiting to burst.  Goldman Sachs  CEO Lloyd Blankfein recently told Bloomberg he wasn’t willing to “pooh pooh” the cryptocurrency, despite having a certain “level of discomfort with it” as is the case with anything new.  Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman also recently stated that bitcoin is “more than just a fad” that “isn’t inherently bad.”  Da Hong Fei, founder of NEO, the 12th largest cryptocurrency with a market capitalization of $160.852 million, has said that  even if bitcoin is a bubble that eventually bursts, the cryptocurrency will recove r and even become bigger.  Bullish on 2018  Kleintop said 2018 will be a strong year for equity valuations, and the first year for back-to-back, broad economic growth in more than 10 years. The top 45 economies all are expected to grow next year, pointing to further earnings growth.  In 2017, earnings increased every month as stocks rose, he said.  Yield curves are flattening slightly, Kleintop said, which is one area of concern for 2018. The yield curve could portend a recession in 2019 or thereafter.  Risks To Watch Out For  There are risks to watch out for in 2018, he said. There is a possible slowing of China’s economic growth, which would impact the entire world.  Geopolitics and natural disasters are always a concern, he said. Any slowdown in economic growth in 2018 could be adversely affected by politics or natural disasters.  Kleintop is not concerned about any action by the Federal Reserve that would lead to inflation. He said inflation is beginning to rise, meaning the personalities at central banks are less important. He said the Fed will likely announce two or three rate hikes in 2018. This will not be a big risk since the market is prepared for these hikes.  Kleintop encourages investors to think globally in 2018. Global stocks have outperformed the U.S. market in the last year or two. Global stocks are more cyclical and more inflation sensitive. In addition, the valuations are more attractive.  Also read:  NEO founder: Bitcoin may be a bubble, but so what?  Diversification Urged  It is important for investors to diversify, he said. Investors typically look for a certain country or sector to do well, but for the first time in 20 years, there are lower correlations between how different markets behave in relation to each other. This points to the best benefit from diversification in 20 years.  Kleintop said the tech sector outlook is strong, driven by business spending in this area. He said more business spending on technology could witness more earnings momentum in 2018.  Kleintop said tax reform is happening worldwide, as countries cut corporate taxes. Besides the recent activity on this front in the U.S., France has proposed corporate tax cuts for 2018, Japan has already enacted some, and the issue is under discussion in Germany.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Rings in the New Year Above $13,500 as Ripple Stumbles Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets rang in the new year on a high note, with the majority of coins and tokens in the top 100 posting moderate gains against the US dollar. The bitcoin price, though still far from its all-time high, rose above $13,550. Ethereum, meanwhile, took the first step toward reclaiming the second spot in the rankings from ripple, which was one of the few cryptocu rrencies to post a single-day decline.  Against this backdrop, the cryptocurrency market cap once again floated above the $600 billion mark and currently sits at $602 billion. This $18 billion advance translates into a single-day increase of about three percent.   Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Tests $14,000 on Global Markets  The bitcoin price set the tone for the day, rising a modest two percent on the global markets even as traders continue to ponder how South Korea ’s new  bitcoin exchange regulations  will affect the flagship cryptocurrency ’s local and international valuations.  Bitcoin Price Chart  On Bitfinex, bitcoin is currently trading at $13,187, while  — buttressed by South Korea  — its global average its $13,570. This translates into a $227.7 billion market cap, which is roughly 13 times the size of the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem on January 1 of last year.  Ripple Price Posts Rare Decline as Ethereum Plots Recovery  To the surprise of all but a few XRP diehards, ripple entered 2018 as the second most valuable cryptocurrency following a remarkable year-end rally. Despite this recent performance, however, the ripple price was one of the few cryptocurrencies to post a single-day decline on Monday. On Bitfinex, the ripple price slipped below the $2 mark, while XRP ’s global average declined three percent to $2.25.  Ripple Price Chart  This pullback reduced ripple ’s market cap to $87 billion, perhaps presenting ethereum with an opportunity to reclaim its spot as the second most valuable cryptocurrency. On Monday, the ethereum price increased by five percent and is currently trading at $743 on Bitfinex. Its global average, though, is $768, which works out to a $74.3 billion market cap.  Ethereum Price Chart  Assuming a static ripple price, ethereum needs to increase by 17 percent to pass XRP in the rankings. Based on the market ’s current state, this does not appear likely to happen today. However, if ripple ’s Monday pullback is the first signal that its breakneck rally is running out of steam, ethereum could once again boast the second largest market cap in the near future.  Stellar Leads the Altcoin Advance  Despite poor performances from several top cryptocurrencies, the total altcoin market cap rose by $9 billion on Monday, bringing it to a present value of $375 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Following ripple ’s example, both bitcoin cash and cardano posted minor declines for the day, dipping one percent and three percent, respectively. The litecoin price, meanwhile, returned a three percent increase, putting at least a temporary halt to its recent downtrend.  The IOTA price managed to assemble a one percent increase, and NEM ’s eight percent leap brought its price above dollar parity. The dash price, meanwhile, rose by two percent, ensuring its status above the $1,000 mark.  The day ’s top performance came from stellar, a newcomer to the top 10. The stellar price rose 25 percent to $0.42, bringing its market cap to $7.4 billion and providing it with a $2 billion edge on 11th-ranked monero.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   On the Verge of a Crypto Controversy: John McAfee, Twitter Hacks, and a Mess of Questions Twitter  Cybersecurity forefather John McAfee is ringing in the New Year on a contentious note.  The programmer turned multi-millionaire recently claimed that his Twitter was hacked in the days following Christmas, stating that a series of promotional coin of the day tweets were not his own.  To complicate matters further, McAfee has come under fire from the crypto community recently fo r his seemingly capricious attitude towards Verge, a popular privacy coin.     “I am a target for hackers”  John McAfee’s Twitter has over 600k followers, in large part due to his former coin of the day tweets. McAfee began the practice in December of 2017, and he quickly became an investing mouthpiece that perked the ears of many community members.    According to McAfee, though, the same platform that has made him a fount for financial advice has also made him vulnerable to hackers looking to make a quick buck.  On December 27th, McAfee’s account was compromised as hackers rifled off multiple coin of the day tweets in a matter of minutes:      McAfee was quick to alert his followers to the developments, cautioning them that he had discontinued his quotidian promotions the day prior:   Urgent: My account was hacked. Twitter has been notified. The coin of the day tweet was not me. As you all know … I am not doing a coin of the day anymore!!!!  — John McAfee (@officialmcafee)  December 27, 2017    Though I am a security expert, I have no control over Twitter 's security. I have haters. I am a target. People make fake accounts, fake screenshots, fake claims. I am a target for hackers who lost money and blame me. Please take responsibility for yourselves. Adults only please.  — John McAfee (@officialmcafee)  December 28, 2017   In an interview with  RT , McAfee admitted that the hacking method was “brand new” to him, claiming the hackers “managed to hack AT &T to move [his] phone number to another phone” so that they could change his account’s password.  He also insinuated that, unless the job was some “secret method of hacking,” an AT &T employee could have been “bribed” to assist with the hit.  McAfee continued to claim resolutely that the hackers were looking to capitalize on the investing community he has cultivated through Twitter:   “Why would they do that? Because I was issuing every day a recommendation for new alternative coins, alternative to bitcoins cryptocurrencies. People would invest hundreds of dollars into these coins. What the hacker did was to recommended six different coins within six minutes and invested, I’m sure, much money beforehand into those”   “If they can do it for me they can do it for anyone,” he added, concluding the interview with the caveat that such advanced hacking methods could spell trouble for exchanges in the future.  Citing  Mt. Gox  as an example of exchange vulnerability, McAfee predicted that “every exchange will at some point in the near future get hacked.”  The Verge Effect  While all of this was going on, McAfee was (and is) staring down the barrel of another controversy: his endorsement of Verge.  On December 13th 2017, John McAfee came out in favor of the popular privacy coin, tweeting the following day that Verge, trading for nearly $0.02 at the time, could feasibly see a $3.00 valuation in the future.   I am inundated by people asking me for recommendations on cryptocurrencies. If you would use your heads you would figure out that the privacy coins (anonymous transactions) will have the greatest future. Coins like Monero (XMR), Verge (XVG), or Zcash (ZEC) cannot lose.  — John McAfee (@officialmcafee)  December 13, 2017   Trading at less than a cent going into December, Verge hit an all time high of $0.27  on Christmas Eve . Many believe that Verge has McAfee ’s tweets and endorsements to thank for this meteoric appreciation.  And it ’s easy to see why some in the community think as much.  Around Christmas, rumors  began circulating  of McAfee speculating  on Instagram that Verge could hit an astronomical $15 in 2018.     John McAfee on  #Verge  (XVG) in his instagram:  "$15 by June 2018 don 't miss it. You can not lose with Verge. "  $XVG   #XVG   #Vergecurrency   #cryptocurrency   #privacycoin   pic.twitter.com/qnnmxDhAX9  — CryptoSub (@CryptoSubs)  December 25, 2017   Such a price leap would put Verge at a $225bln market capitalization, about $30bln shy of Bitcoin’s own. While possible, such a terrific rise is unlikely, and McAfee went to Twitter to deny that he ever made the predication.   To the Verge people: I stated that VERGE MIGHT possibly rise, over the long term, to $0.15  – which was an increase of 1,500% over its price st the time. If you believe I am so stupid as to predict a rise of 150,000%  – which is $15  – then you need to back off on the drugs.  — John McAfee (@officialmcafee)  December 27, 2017   McAfee claims that the predictions came from fraudulent accounts, warning his followers that Verge’s price has been artificially pumped as a result.  He disavows ever setting up an official Instagram account, but community members are not convinced.  In the  comment sections  of  numerous tweets , Twitter users  provided evidence  that John McAfee created an  Instagram  for himself back in the early days of 2016.     I finally have an instagram account; https://t.co/NmXIdm5OcA  — John McAfee (@officialmcafee)  January 31, 2016   Defending himself, McAfee raised the familiar alarm that this was the outcome of yet another attack on his Twitter account:   “ In early 2016 my Twitter account was taken over for nearly a month by an employee in a hostile move. There were thousands of acts of mischief during that time. When was the last alleged post from me on that Instagram account?”  Since facing questions from the community about the veracity of his Instagram posts, the posts in question have been deleted.  Verge’s Wraith Protocol Launches to Little Fanfare  Verge launched its Wraith Protocol, an update that allows the currency’s users to choose between transparent or anonymous transactions freely, on January 1st.  And to add to the slew of Twitter publicity mishaps a la McAfee, Verge’s fan-base was unimpressed.    The protocol was slow to launch and buggy for certain users,  according to Verge’s official Twitter.   In addition,  one Twitter user indicated  that Wraith’s IP obfuscation was not functioning as intended.  Verge’s price dropped from its rise of $0.20 in anticipation of the release to $0.14 after the complications.  All the while, McAfee enters the cross hairs of continued controversy.  Now, he faces accusation of  blackmailing the Verge team,  demanding compensation for his endorsements.   According to leaked messages  in a tweet by XVG Whale, a popular Verge investor, McAfee demanded $1mln in Ethereum for his promotions, otherwise he would withdraw his support.  In the following days, XVG Whale has removed the posts,  claiming that his own account was hacked , as well.  Between the host of alleged hacks, accusations, and online rumors, John McAfee ’s involvement in Verge has woven itself into a messy thread of information and misinformation all knotted into one.  We cannot verify the claims of extortion and fraud, nor do we know what to make of the counterclaims by McAfee and XVG Whale that hackers are the reason for this mess.  But the drama makes for an interesting showcase nonetheless.     
DECREASE	   Bittrex Stops Creating New Ethereum Deposit Addresses Due to Network Congestion Twitter  Bittrex, the third largest cryptocurrency exchange in the global market behind Binance and Bithumb, has temporarily paused Ethereum deposits due to the current congestion on the Ethereum blockchain network.  Network Congestion  According to Etherscan, the Ethereum network is processing more than 1.2 million transactions on a daily basis, settling more payments than all of the cryptocurrencies and blockchain networks in the market combined, including bitcoin.   The Ethereum network has to process more transactions than other blockchain networks because it operates as the base protocol for large-scale decentralized applications. Applications like CryptoKitties and EtherDelta, that have many active users requesting multiple transactions per day, are placing a heavy burden on the Ethereum network.  “While innocuous at a glance, the project has become a problem for the Ethereum ecosystem. The cryptokitties multiply, are bought, sold, rented for breeding, in other words, involved in myriads of transactions, taking up the largest volume of Ethereum traffic (20%). This causes many transactions that had previously taken seconds to currently be either delayed to 10 minutes, or fail entirely,”  explained  the developers of Bankex that recently introduced the first practical implementation of Buterin’s second-layer solution Plasma.  The congestion of the Ethereum network caused by the rising popularity and activity of decentralized applications can be resolved through second-layer scaling and solutions such as Plasma, Sharding, and Casper. But, as Augur co-founder Joey Krug noted, there are not enough developers working on the core protocol of Ethereum and consequently, Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin stated that fully scaling Ethereum could take two to five years.  Bittrex Disables Deposits  Given the recent increase in the transaction fee of Ether, Bittrex has disabled Ether deposits onto its trading platform temporarily. As seen in the chart below provided by Etherscan, the transaction fee of Ether has increased drastically over the past week, forcing Bittrex to take an extreme approach by disabling Ether deposits onto its platform.   “Due to incredibly high gas prices, we ’re preventing new ETH and asset deposit addresses from being created. Existing deposit addresses will work as normal,” said Bittrex.  Gas is the transaction fee paid by decentralized applications to execute operations. On CryptoKitties and EtherDelta for instance, users pay gas to trade digital cartoon kittens or to execute trades on the decentralized cryptocurrency exchange of EtherDelta.  If the gas costs increase due to the congestion on the Ethereum network, it becomes more inefficient and challenging for decentralized applications to operate seamlessly and handle millions of requests in a brief period of time. For this specific reason, Bittrex also disabled new Ether and asset deposit addresses from being created.  Other major cryptocurrency exchanges like Binance and Bithumb have not disabled Ether deposits and the creation of new deposit addresses. Considering the large number of unconfirmed transactions on the Ethereum network, it is likely that Bittrex will disable new deposit addresses from being deployed for a relatively long period of time.   It has also started to cost users more than $1 to send Ether from one address to another. While the current rate of Ether transaction fee could decrease in the short-term, until then, users on exchanges and decentralized applications will struggle.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   US Government to Sell 513 Bitcoin and 512 Bitcoin Cash Seized From Dark Web Dealer Twitter  The US government has been approved by a federal judge in Utah to auction off 513 bitcoin and 512 Bitcoin Cash seized from an investigation into Aaron Michael Shamo, a dark web dealer.  8.5 Million Sale  In the upcoming weeks, the government is expected to sell all of the assets seized after the arrest of Shamo, including a Ford F-350 pickup, BMW 135i, and the millions of dollars worth of bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash.  On May 31, 2017, Shamo along with other dark web operators including Drew Wilson Crandall, Mario Anthony Noble, and Sean Michael Gygi were found guilty of conspiracy to distribute a controlled substance, aiding the importation of a controlled substance, intentional adulteration of drugs, use of the US mail in drug trafficking, conspiracy to commit money laundering, and engaging  in monetary transaction in property derived from specified unlawful activity.  Immediately after the dark web criminals were found guilty of the charges filed by the FBI, the bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash holdings of the dark web operators were seized and moved to the custody of the United States Marshals Service (USMS).  However, in the official court document released and approved by Utah district judge Dale A. Kimball, the US government stated that it is costly to securely store the seized cryptocurrencies for a long period of time. According to the court document, the USMS has been paid $465 per month to store the two cryptocurrencies.  The US government also expressed its concerns over the high volatility rate of bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash, and suggested to sell the two cryptocurrencies before their value depreciate.  “The vehicles [bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash] have been seized and are in the custody and control of the United States Marshals Service. Every month, the USMS is accruing $465/month in storage fees for these vehicles. The total expenses for these two vehicles currently is $5,010.70. The BTC and BCH have been transferred to a Government wallet. Due to the volatile market for cryptocu rrencies, the BTC and BCH risk losing value during the pendency of the forfeiture proceedings,”  read the court document.  US Government Lost $2.36 Billion by Selling Bitcoin Early  In October , it was disclosed that the US government sold 144,336 bitcoins at a price of $336 per bitcoin. The entire batch of 144,336 bitcoins were sold at $48.5 million. At the time, the US government sold bitcoin with the same line of thinking with the most recent sale, assuming that the price of bitcoin would decline due to its volatility.  Today, the 144,336 bitcoins the US government sold in 2014 at $48.5 million is worth $2.36 billion. The opportunity cost for selling bitcoin three years early for the US government was $2.02 billion.   In the next few weeks, the US government is expected to proceed with the sale of the 513 bitcoins and 512 Bitcoin Cash at the current value of around $8.5 million.   By 2021, three years from now, the opportunity cost for the US government in selling the assets seized from a dark web investigation into Shamo could be significantly higher, given that the cryptocurrency industry is still at an early phase in development, adoption, and growth.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘Commodities King ’ Dennis Gartman Predicts Bitcoin Price Drop to $5,000, Then Implode Twitter  Dennis Gartman , the editor and publisher of The Gartman Letter, who has also been called the “commodities king,” continues to call bitcoin one of the silliest ideas he has heard in a long time, a position he expressed on CNBC’s  “Futures Now.”  He said he expects the bitcoin market will fall when its value drops to $5,000. He has criticized bitcoin for having no intrinsic value, and he recently said it makes the  tulip bubble  in 17th century Holland that sent the Dutch into a frenzy look almost like a “quiet, well demeanored market.”  At the same time, Gartman considers blockchain technology brilliant.  Bitcoin ’s  ‘Demise ’Will Boost Gold  Gartman said bitcoin will fall when it trades under $5,000. He said it will burn its investors and when it does, investors will rush into gold.He was uncertain when bitcoin will crash, but when it does, there will be money at the margin that had moved from gold to bitcoin that will return to gold once again.  Gartman has called  previously called  bitcoin a market for criminals, millennials and “pure punters.”  He has argued that bitcoin’s price volatility undermines its use as a currency. He has questioned how one could buy or sell a painting using bitcoin, when its value changes 20 to 40 percent in the course of a week.  It has been pointed out, however, that bitcoin ’s price will necessarily exhibit volatility as the global market determines its fair value. Gartman’s point about volatility also ignores the prevalence of payment processing services such as BitPay, which automatically convert cryptocurrency payments to local fiat currency at the point of sale to shield businesses from price volatility. These services also help companies use  cryptocurrency to streamline supply chain payments across borders.  Featured image from YouTube/ Bloomberg .  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Cash Surges to $3,800 in Korea amid Flurry of Mainstream Media Coverage of Roger Ver Twitter  Within the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market, the price of Bitcoin Cash has surpassed $3,800, due to a flurry of mainstream media reports that have emerged over the past few days.  Price of cryptocurrencies on Bithumb, South Korea ’s largest cryptocurrency exchange  Mainstream Media  Earlier this week, Roger Ver, an early investor in bitcoin and the CEO at Bitcoin.com, did an interview with SBS (Seoul Broadcasting System), a national South Korean television and radio network company, to discuss the current trend in the cryptocurrency market and the vision of Bitcoin Cash.  SBS featured the interview as a main section of one of its most popular shows that often secures over a million active viewers. Following the initial report of SBS, other mainstream media outlets, especially finance and business-focused news publications, started to cover Bitcoin Cash more actively, ultimately leading the price of the cryptocurrency to surge.   Apart from the mainstream media coverage Bitcoin Cash has been receiving, the entire cryptocurrency market has started to receive more attention from the general public due to the recent success of cryptocurrency exchanges.  This week, SBS and KBS, two of the largest networks and mainstream media outlets in the country, reported that South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges Bithumb, Coinone, and Korbit have started to add more employees than banks and financial institutions in the traditional finance market.   South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges, especially Bithumb, are adding more employees than banks and major financial service providers.  All over mainstream media today, optimistic trend overall. Government calls on exchanges to operate as regulated banks.  #Bitcoin   pic.twitter.com/mYKd2LTXKB  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  January 6, 2018  The hiring of a massive number of employees by South Korea’s major cryptocurrency exchanges has given general consumers and investors in the market confidence that the local cryptocurrency market is growing at a rapid rate, even with the strict regulations imposed by the government.  Job security and opportunities are sensitive subjects in South Korea because fresh university graduates have started to struggle in finding decent jobs as companies have started to favor skillful and experienced employees. Hence, if a company or a sector start to hire many employees, the attention of young individuals naturally shift to that particular industry. A similar trend has been shown by the cryptocurrency market.    High Premium  Consequently, the demand for cryptocurrencies in South Korea has exponentially grown, pushing the premium rates of the South Korean market even further up. Bitcoin Cash is currently being traded in the South Korean market with a $900 premium, or a staggering 30 percent premium, which is the highest its ever been.  The imposition of a cryptocurrency trading ban for foreigners have led to larger premium rates and disparity in the price of major digital assets between South Korea and the rest of the global market.  High premium rates in the South Korean market will likely sustain in the long run, because it is virtually impossible for foreign investors to take advantage of the arbitrage opportunity in South Korea.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   This Ethereum Blockchain Platform Could Revolutionize Financial Securities Twitter  Initial Coin Offerings (ICO) have raised more than $4 billion USD since 2013, and government agencies are analyzing their regulatory implications. Some tokens issued through such an offering may be considered ‘securities tokens’ and even be in violation of securities laws.  A new, decentralized protocol, however, is setting out to make it easier than ever to issue asset-backed blockchain tokens. And that includes securities.  “Polymath facilitates securities tokens on the blockchain through a network of coordinated participants who are incentivized by POLY, our native token,” Polymath Founder and CEO Trevor Koverko tells CCN. “We’ve created a new token standard that bakes requirements, such as KYC and AML, into the tokens themselves.”  The  Polymath  platform is designed to lower the barriers for businesses and issuers of financial products to launch securities tokens on the blockchain. “By introducing a simple marketplace for securities issuances and secondary trading, the Polymath platform helps to bridge the gap between traditional securities and blockchain-based asset ownership and investment opportunities,” says the f ormer NHL draft pick turned Silicon Valley entrepreneur. The Polymath network will be an open protocol.  “Our platform can help spur economic growth and opportunities to more people and in more places than ever before,” Koverko notes. “With the multi-trillion dollar securities industry coming to the blockchain, the Polymath platform allows individuals and companies to participate in the decentralized economy.”  At its core, Polymath is made up of a set of smart contracts designed to store data about participants in its network, while governing how they can interact in accordance with regional, national, and international regulations. Participants on this network include KYC providers, legal delegates, smart contract developers, token issuers and investors.  Data on a blockchain is often public. The same is true of Polymath, where token purchasers are pseudonymous, but transaction data is public. A rich set of data about the activity of KYC providers, law firms, and smart contract developers is there for all to see on the platform. Participants can, therefore, learn about the offerings in which they were involved.  “Our closed-loop system can aid participants to separate the high-quality bids from the low-quality ones, whether they are legal delegates, smart contract writers, issuers, or KYC providers,” notes Kovervko, who was among Canada’s most active blockchain investors in 2016. “Polymath aims to be structured in such a way that, over time, the most effective legal delegates, reliable  KYC providers, and the best Solidity smart contract developers will float to the top.”  Polymath could represent an improvement over traditional means of wealth ownership. “For today ’s securities issuances, you retrieve some data from the stock market about share prices sold. But data captured from Polymath-based transactions has the potential to represent a richer data set about the trading of securities.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Meltdown and Spectre Raise Security Concerns for Cryptocurrency Wallets, Exchange Reserves Twitter  Last week, two substantial software flaws were unearthed to the technological public to much alarm. The vulnerabilities,  dubbed Meltdown and Spectre  by their finders, exploit weaknesses in the computer processors (CPUs) used in most of the world’s PCs, smartphones, and data hubs.  These developments have raised questions the world over about the security of private data, leaving the cryptocurrency community wondering what this may mean for the safety of personal wallet funds and exchange reserves.  Implications for the Crypto Realm  Together, Meltdown and Spectre attacks can affect processing chips produced by Intel, AMD, and ARM, and its discoverers have called them  “the worst GPU bugs ever found. ”  According to the researchers who discovered the flaws, the attacks can steal information from services and applications that a computer’s GPU processes:  “ These hardware vulnerabilities allow programs to steal data which is currently processed on the computer. While programs are typically not permitted to read data from other programs, a malicious program can exploit Meltdown and Spectre to get hold of secrets stored in the memory of other running programs. This might include your passwords stored in a password manager or browser , your personal photos, emails, instant messages and even business-critical documents.”  Michael Schwarz, one of the vulnerabilities’ discoverers, illustrates how Meltdown works in a visual tweet:   Using  #Meltdown  to steal passwords in real time  #intelbug   #kaiser   #kpti  /cc  @mlqxyz   @lavados   @StefanMangard   @yuvalyarom   https://t.co/gX4CxfL1Ax   pic.twitter.com/JbEvQSQraP  — Michael Schwarz (@misc0110)  January 4, 2018   These vulnerabilities could have unfortunate consequences for cryptocurrency investors and enthusiasts. As one  CoinKorea post  points out, “the biggest problem is that if an attacker exploits the vulnerability, it can not be blocked by encryption or vaccination.”  As such, encrypted wallets may offer little protection against such hacks, even if cryptocurrency investors are taking the utmost precautions.  The vulnerabilities could present obstacles to exchanges, too, as they already have.  Last week, Bittrex  tweeted  that wallet functions were restricted while Microsoft was overhauling its Azure cloud service to protect against the security flaws.  Bittrex, like many exchanges, uses the cloud to store hot wallet reserve funds for its customers.  Keeping a ledger of private keys in such a centralized place has raised eyebrows within the community, as cloud services are just as vulnerable to  Meltdown and Spectre as personal devices.  Intel on Hot Water  Despite news surfacing for the public just last week, CEO Brian Krzanich revealed in  a CNBC interview  that Intel was “made aware of this issue a while back from researchers at Google.”  According to a  Google Cloud blog post , Project Zero, one of Google’s tech research teams, knew of the vulnerabilities as early as June of last year.  Some might say that seven months ago is more than “a while back” as Krzanich ’s statement suggests.  To make matters more complicated, Krzanich  reportedly sold off $24mln  worth of Intel stocks and options in November.  After the sell-off, the CEO was left with 250,000 shares, the bare minimum as per his employment agreement with the company.    A company spokesperson held that  “Brian ’s sale is unrelated” to Meltdown and Spectre and that Krzanich “continues to hold shares in line with corporate guidelines.”  How You Can Protect Yourself  There are software patches available to protect against both  Meltdown  and  Spectre , and experts recommend that users update their systems immediately to accommodate these fixes.  Additionally, if you’re worried about the security of your funds, it’s best to never leave a substantial sum of funds on an exchange for an extended period of time.  When handling your funds personally, there are a number of storage options that offer enhanced security compared to software and web wallets.  If you want your funds completely divorced from technological breaches, a paper wallet is a safe bet –just make sure you backup your private keys and keep it in a secure place with little risk for damage.  Moreover, hardware wallets like the Ledger Nano S provide excellent security against malware, hackings, and system vulnerabilities.    Ledger products are not vulnerable to the latest Meltdown  & Spectre attacks. More technical details available at  https://t.co/veWMlgcdnt  — Ledger (@LedgerHQ)  January 4, 2018   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Falls Near $12,600 Amid South Korea Trading Ban Fears Twitter  Bitcoin price plummeted to a 2018-low on Thursday after South Korea’s justice minister reportedly proposed a complete shutdown of all cryptocurrency exchanges in the country.  In a press briefing today, South Korea’s justice minister Park Sang-ki stated in quotes reported by local publication  Yonhap News :  “The ministry is preparing legislation that basically bans any transactions based on a virtual currency through the trading floor. We have grave concerns about [the craze over] virtual currency and [a shutdown] would be one of the goals we are aiming for. ”  The very proposal of a hardline ban on the entire cryptocurrency trading market was  first suggested  by the justice ministry nearly a month ago to the day. There had been “enough discussion” among government agencies including the finance ministry and other financial regulators prior to the proposal of a sweeping ban, a press official told Reuters.  South Korea is among the biggest cryptocurrency markets in the world, particularly for major coins such as bitcoin, Ethereum, ripple and bitcoin cash.  Locally, prices have taken a beating with Ripple falling as much as 25% and Bitcoin dropping over 17.5%. That’s still a near 30% premium compared to other major markets, which have also fallen.   After climbing near $15,000 (Bitfinex) at the turn of Thursday, bitcoin price fell to $12,639  – the lowest value for the cryptocurrency in 2018.   Developing …stay tuned.  
DECREASE	   South Korea ’s Finance Ministry Refuses to Support Cryptocurrency Trading Ban Twitter  Earlier today, on January 11, the South Korea Ministry of Justice reaffirmed that it is continuing to draft its cryptocurrency trading closure bill, which has been in the works since December 13.  In a statement, South Korea Attorney General Park Sang-ki said:  “The South Korean Ministry of Justice is considering the closure of cryptocurrency trading to bring cryptocurrency mania and speculation under control for investor protection.”  FUD Drives the Price of Cryptocurrencies Down  Previously, CCN reported that the South Korean government formed a task force composed of representatives from the South Korean Ministry of Strategy and Finance, Financial Services Commission, Ministry of Justice, Fair Trade Commission, and Financial Supervisory Commission, has been preparing a comprehensive bill that will effectively prohibit underaged investors and foreigners  from trading cryptocurrencies within the South Korean market.  This week, several mainstream media outlets reported that the South Korean government is planning to ban cryptocurrency trading. That is certainly not the case, as the bill would need to pass congress first before it can be taken into effect.  As it has done since December 13 of 2017, the South Korea Ministry is merely preparing a bill that would close down certain cryptocurrency exchanges. It is not planning to ban cryptocurrency trading in the short-term. If the South Korean government intended to ban cryptocurrency trading, it would have done so on December 13, instead of releasing various regulatory frameworks th at included a ban on foreigners trading cryptocurrencies.  CCN revealed the four major regulatory frameworks the South Korean government is expected to  implement by January 20:  Prevent unaccredited investors from dealing with losses through highly volatile cryptocurrencies.  Prevent strictly regulated cryptocurrency exchanges from operating as speculative platforms for unaccredited investors.  Request banks and exchanges to ensure underaged investors and foreigners cannot open trading accounts on cryptocurrency exchanges.  Temporarily suspend institutional investors and retail investors from investing in cryptocurrencies.  South Korea Ministry of Strategy and Finance Releases Official Statement  The South Korea Ministry of Strategy and Finance, one of the main member agencies of the South Korean government’s cryptocurrency regulation task force, has come out and said that it does not agree with the premature statement of the Ministry of Justice about a potential cryptocurrency trading ban.  In a press conference, the South Korean Ministry of Strategy and Finance  told local reporters  that it had first heard of the Ministry of Justice’s cryptocurrency trading ban through media reports. The cryptocurrency task force participated by the central bank, MInistry of Finance, Ministry of Justice, and other agencies have not agreed upon the proposal.  The South Korean MInistry of Strategy and Finance emphasized that it does not agree with the proposal of the Ministry of Justice.  “We do not share the same views as the Ministry of Justice on a potential cryptocurrency exchange ban,” MSF said.   South Korea Ministry of Strategy  & Finance only found out the Ministry of Justice ’s  #cryptocurrency  trading ban proposal through media reports.  MSF is upset because central bank, MSF, MoJ are in the same crypto task force.  “Other members don ’t share the same viewpoint, ” MSF said  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  January 11, 2018  Evidently, the cryptocurrency trading ban proposal has not been finalized or even agreed upon by the South Korea Ministry of Strategy and Finance.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   No Decision Made on Cryptocurrency Exchange Ban: Korea’s Presidential Office Twitter  The executive office of the President of South Korea has issued a statement on the cryptocurrency trading closure bill currently in draft by the Ministry of Justice with the proposal to shut down all cryptocurrency exchanges in the country.  As Korea’s Justice Ministry makes an effort to put an end to cryptocurrency trading in the country, the Cheong Wa Dae (the Presidential Blue House)  –  the executive office and official residence of President  – has issued its own remarks on the proposed hardline ban after fielding over 1,000 public petitions against the shutdown of cryptocurrency exchanges, on its website.  Yoon Yang-chan, chief press secretary to South Korea’s President Moon Jae-in stressed that moves toward a blanket ban on the local cryptocurrency industry by the justice ministry is currently just one of several measures proposed, with a final decision yet to be made.  The official statement, as reported by  Yonhap news , read:  “Justice Minister Park Sang-ki ’s remarks regarding the shutdown of cryptocurrency exchanges is one of the measures that have been prepared by the Justice Ministry, but it is not a finalized decision and will be finalized through discussion and a coordination process with each government ministry.”  Earlier today, Korean justice minister Park Sang-ki markedly claimed the ministry is in the process of preparing legislation that would “ basically ban any transactions on a virtual currency ” through cryptocurrency exchanges. The official expressed “grave concerns” over the heightened adoption and “craze” among the general public for cryptocurrencies.  As  reported  by CCN in mid-December when Korea’s Justice Ministry first proposed a total ban on the trading of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, the plan was certain to met opposition from within the government. And so it has proved, with the Ministry of Finance  moving against  the proposed ban.  “We do not share the same views as the Ministry of Justice on a potential cryptocurrency exchange ban,” MSF said.  The proposed bill for an outright, however likely or unlikely, will still require a majority vote among 297 members of the National Assembly before its turned to law, a process that could take a number of months or even years.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Pre-ICO and Branded Bitcoin Miners: Kodak Quickly Cashes in on ‘Blockchain Moment’ Twitter  Photography pioneer Kodak has not wasted any time cashing in on its pivot to blockchain.  Kodak Begins Raising Cash in Pre-ICO  The company, which has languished in recent years as a result of an industry shift to digital imaging technology, is the latest firm to make a profitable  — if unexpected  — entry into the blockchain ecosystem.  As CCN reported, Kodak is launching  KODAKCoin , a cryptocurrency designed to help photographers better control the image rights of their portfolio. Using the cryptocurrency, photographers and agencies will be able to register their images on a distributed ledger and then license them on KODAKOne, the company’s upcoming proprietary blockchain platform, which will be developed through a licensing partnership with WENN Digita l.  Though just announced this week, Kodak has already begun accepting pre-initial coin offering (ICO) investments. Global Blockchain Technologies Corp., a Canadian firm based out of Vancouver,  revealed  that it has subscribed for all 8 million KODAKCoins that were made available during the first of two pre-ICO stages, for a reported sum of $2 million. The full ICO will commence on Jan. 31 and will be open to accredited investors.  Kodak Launching Branded Bitcoin Mining Rigs in Licensing Deal  In addition to developing its own cryptocurrency, Kodak has licensed its name to create the KashMiner, a Kodak-branded mining rig.  According to  CNBC , a two-year lease on the machine will cost $3,400, and the company estimates that it will produce a monthly revenue of $375 worth of bitcoins, or $9,000 over the course of the lease.  There’s a catch, however. In addition to paying the $3,400 lease, users will be required to return half of the profits to Kodak, reducing their estimated revenue from $9,000 to $4,500.  But wait, there’s more! Kodak’s estimates assume that the miners will earn consistent monthly revenue over the course of the two-year lease, which ignores the fact that bitcoin’s mining has lately been increasing at a monthly rate of about 15 percent. Consequently, some industry observers doubt that users will even be able to recoup the value of their $3,400 investment, much le ss turn a profit.   Kodak is selling a Bitcoin miner where you pay for a two year contract and “make a profit”. (
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Mining Giant Bitmain Enters Switzerland after China’s Curbs Twitter  Chinese bitcoin mining heavyweight Bitmain is foraying into Europe with a new subsidiary established in Switzerland.  Currently under construction, ‘Bitmain Switzerland’ will see its base in  Zug , commonly known as the world’s ‘crypto valley’, a report from Swiss newspaper  Handelszeitung  reveals. Among the subsidiary’s authorized is Bitmain chief executive and co-founder Jihan Wu, according to information from Zug’s commercial register.  A friendlier jurisdiction and a regulatory embrace are seeing an ever-expanding number of startups and companies from the blockchain and cryptocurrency space establish their headquarters in the region.  Home to the government-backed  ‘Crypto Valley’ association , the city of Zug also allows citizens to  pay for municipal services with bitcoin .  Bitmain’s entry into Switzerland comes amid ongoing curbs on bitcoin mining operations in China. Led by the People’s Bank of China, the country’s central bank, authorities are  looking to scale down  the energy-intensive process of bitcoin mining domestically by negating favorable policies such as tax cuts and cheap hydroelectric power tariffs offered to bitcoin miners in various Chinese provinces. While the move isn’t a sweeping crackdown, Chinese authorities are surely phasing out the local mining ecosystem, forcing miners like Bitmain to look for friendlier pastures.  After setting up subsidiaries in the United States, Singapore and Israel, Bitmain chose Switzerland’s Zug as its next global hub because Switzerland is “one of the most progressive countries…with good legal stability”, a spokesman for the company told the publication.  Notably, Beijing-based Bitmain added:  “Bitmain Switzerland will play a key role in our global expansion.”  Further, Bitmain said it will set out to hire employees in Zug and will “actively communicate” and co-operate with Switzerland’s Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) and other regulatory organizations and government authorities in the region.  Zug city image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   MoneyGram Adopts Ripple ’s XRP in Open-Ended Pilot for International Money Transfers Twitter  International money transfer service MoneyGram has announced that it will adopt Ripple’s XRP token into its payments system in a bid to increase the speed and reduce the cost of cross-border payments.  Ripple and MoneyGram  — the world’s second-largest provider of money transfers  — made the  announcement  on Thursday, explaining that the two companies would partner to launch the open-ended pilot program to increase the efficiency of the Dallas-based company’s internal processes.  “The payments problem doesn’t just affect banks, it also affects companies like MoneyGram, which help people get money to the ones they care about,” said Brad Garlinghouse, chief executive officer of Ripple. “By using a digital asset like XRP that settles in three seconds or less, our clients can move money as quickly as information.”  MoneyGram will integrate XRP through xRapid, Ripple’s on-demand liquidity product that provides financial institutions with real-time foreign exchange settlement.  “Ripple is at the forefront of blockchain technology and we look forward to piloting xRapid,” said Alex Holmes, chief executive officer of MoneyGram. “We’re hopeful it will increase efficiency and improve services to MoneyGram’s customers.”  The news is significant for the San Francisco-based Ripple, which has convinced numerous financial institutions to  trial its enterprise blockchain network  (RippleNet) but has seen few of those firms adopt the XRP currency itself.  Due to the lack of XRP adoption, many analysts have criticized XRP ’s recent price rally, which at one point made Ripple co-founder Chris Larsen the nominal  eighth-richest person  in the world.  “And to be clear, ” Ripple ’s Garlinghouse added in a  tweet  perhaps directed at these critics, the  “MoneyGram announcement is one step in a marathon ahead to truly make XRP the global liquidity solution for payment providers and banks. ”  Recently, Garlinghouse claimed that at least three major money transfer firms will adopt XRP in 2018, of which MoneyGram is likely the first.  The XRP price surged on the news, rising more than 11 percent to $2.17 during intraday trading.   For a real-time Ripple price chart, click  here .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   US Marshals Service Will Auction off 3,800 Bitcoins, Worth $54 Million Twitter  The US Marshals Service is holding its first bitcoin auction in over a year.    The agency first held  a series of auctions  in 2014, selling  Bitcoin forfeited by Ross Ulbricht  in the United States clamp-down on the darkweb drug marketplace the Silk Road. In the  last of these auctions , the agency sold 2,700 Bitcoin for $1.6mln (worth about $37.8mln today).  Now, the Marshals Service will be auctioning 3,813 Bitcoin valued just around $53.3mln.  Overseen by the US Department of Justice,  the auction  is slated for January 22nd and will include Bitcoin assets seized in various federal court cases. As they have in the past, the Marshals Service will divide the contents of the auction into multiple bidding blocks:  “This sealed bid auction for approximately 3,813 bitcoin separated into three series: Series A (5 blocks of 500 bitcoins), Series B (5 blocks of 100 bitcoins) and Series C (1 Block of approximately 813 bitcoins). You will not have the opportunity to view other bids. You will not have the opportunity to change your bid once submitted.”  In order to participate, bidders must register with the United States Marshals service.  This registration includes: completion of a bidder registration form, presentation of a government-issued ID, and a $200,000 refundable deposit.   The auction will take place online between 9:30 am EST and 3:30 am EST on Monday, January 22nd.  Past auctions have attracted colorful investors from outside the cryptocurrency milieu, including venture capitalist and prolific bitcoin industry investor Tim Draper,  who won an auction  for roughly 30,000 Bitcoin back in July of 2014.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   John McAfee ‘Boggled’ at ‘Hubbub’ Over Admission to Paying for Hookers and Drugs Using Cryptocurrency Twitter  Cybersecurity pioneer John McAfee is no stranger to controversy.  The eccentric computer programmer has attracted numerous headlines over the years for various reasons  — most of which have nothing to do with antivirus software, his first claim to fame.  In addition to promising to  eat his d –k on national television  if the bitcoin price fails to reach $500,000 by 2020 (a mark he later upped to $1 million), McAfee has run for president and had his house raided by Belize’s Gang Suppression Unit.  McAfee’s time spent on the run while sought for questioning in connection with a murder will also reportedly be  dramatized in a motion picture  starring Johnny Depp.  That’s why, when McAfee acknowledged on Twitter that he had used cryptocurrency to pay for prostitutes, he said he was “boggle[d]” at all the “hubbub” that the admission created.   I use cryotocurrencies where possible. I found food, entertainment, clothing, homes, and sex for hire services, But my first car purchase using Cryptocurrency was a Bentley Azure purchased from Cape Cars Auto Group Llc 573-275-9663. Great people. Great service.  pic.twitter.com/bVn9WNcnJL  — John McAfee (@officialmcafee)  January 8, 2018   It ’s not all that shocking that the post incurred Twitter outrage, but McAfee said that his followers would have been naive to assume that he never used cryptocurrency to make illicit transactions.  “I met my wife as a prostitute five years ago, ” he said, adding that he had also bought illegal drugs, pornography, and  “nearly every other questionable product or service that you can imagine  — all with crypto when possible. ”   So much hubbub about my admission to paying hookers with Crypto. If you want more reason to hate I will also admit to buying weed and other illegal drugs, porn, and nearly every other questionable priduct or service that you can imagine  – all with Crypto when possible. Hate well.  — John McAfee (@officialmcafee)  January 8, 2018   This, perhaps, explains  McAfee ’s affinity  for anonymity-centric cryptocurrency monero.  The incident is the second time that McAfee’s Twitter account has made news in recent weeks. At the end of December, his account was  hacked  and used to pump a number of cryptocurrencies in a parody of his controversial “coin of the day” series.  Responding to the saga  — which many deemed ironic considering his tech pedigree  — McAfee express indignation at his critics.  “Though I am a security expert, I have no control over Twitter ’s security. I have haters. I am a target. People make fake accounts, fake screenshots, fake claims. I am a target for hackers who lost money and blame me. Please take responsibility for yourselves. Adults only please,” he said.  Featured image from Flickr/ NullSession .  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Can’t Be Valued: NYU’s ‘Dean of Valuation’ Twitter  New York University’s “Dean of Valuation” said that one cannot accurately value bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.  ‘Dean of Valuation ’ Says Bitcoin Can ’t Be Valued  Aswath Damodaran, a professor at NYU’s Stern School of Business, made this claim in response to  recent comments  from investing icon Warren Buffet, who stated his belief that bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies “will come to a bad ending.”  Accusing Buffet of painting cryptoassets with a broad brush, Damodaran stated:  “I don’t think you can write off cryptocurrencies altogether,” he said during a televised interview with  CNBC . “Is it going to end badly for some of the people involved? Absolutely,” he said, forecasting that many recent speculators could pay the price of investing solely on the hopes of selling to someone else at a higher price later on.  Damodaran said that because bitcoin is marketed as a cryptocurrency, it is impossible to evaluate it. This is why, in the past, he has labeled bitcoin a  “ dangerous pricing game . ”  However, he stressed that it is important to differentiate between cryptocurrencies and other types of cryptoassets. Crypto-commodities, a group that he said includes Ethereum ’s ether  “fuel ”, could be valued similarly to traditional commodities, while initial coin offering (ICO) tokens could be analyzed similarly to companies.  But although certain types of cryptoassets can theoretically be valued, he said that they are almost universally being  “priced ” instead.  “I think every single cryptoasset is being priced right now, it’s not being valued. If you ask people why they’re paying what they are for any of these crypto-investments, you don’t get a logical answer,” he said, concluding that investors are just looking for a way to make money.  Analysts Disagree on How to Value Bitcoin  Disputes about whether and how bitcoin can be valued are a hot topic among analysts.  A recent  Wall Street Journal report  argued that, if bitcoin is a commodity as many analysts suggest, it should be valued like gold  — whose price tends to “fall back toward the marginal cost of production” over the long-term. Citing a report which said that just $3,224 worth of electricity was needed to mine a single bitcoin in some regions of the US, the Journal warned that “bitcoin might have a long way to fall.”  Wall Street strategist Tom Lee, on the other hand, has said that bitcoin should be valued similarly to a telecommunications network. Based on this model, he has said that the bitcoin price could “ easily double ” in 2018 due to the rapidly-increasing number of network-connected users.  Featured image from YouTube.  
DECREASE	   Korean Citizen Petition Opposing Cryptocurrency Trading Ban Nears 100,000 Signatures Twitter  Nearly 100,000 South Korean citizens have signed a petition requesting the government to prevent the Ministry of Justice from pursuing a potential cryptocurrency trading ban.  South Korean Citizens Outraged  More than 50 petitions have been submitted to the Blue House, the executive office of the South Korean head of state, the President, and the most popular petition rejecting the Ministry of Justice’s supposed plan to ban cryptocurrency trading has acquired more than 71,000 signatures.   Consequently, the Ministry of Strategy and Finance along with other member agencies of the South Korean cryptocurrency task force stated that they do not support or agree with the Ministry of Justice and its head Park Sang-ki’s decision to impose a ban on cryptocurrency trading.  Shortly thereafter, through the Blue House, the South Korean government publicly  emphasized its stance  on the cryptocurrency trading ban controversy, and concluded that there will be no ban on cryptocurrency investment in the short-term.  Apart from the most popular petition to prevent cryptocurrency trading ban from being imposed, many petitions have been submitted by South Korean citizens requesting the government to remove Park Sang-ki, the head of the Justice Ministry, from office.  The majority of South Korean citizens in the online community of Blue House claimed that minister Park single handedly manipulated the global market by releasing a premature statement on cryptocurrency trading ban, which was not agreed upon by the task force, and most importantly, the Ministry of Strategy and Finance.  According to the official announcement of the Blue House and the South Korean government, Park’s statement reflected his personal viewpoint on the matter, not the Ministry of Justice and the government.  As such, many citizens have requested the South Korean government through the petition system of the Blue House to remove minister Park from office. One petition  read:  Number of requests from South Korean citizens to remove Justice Minister Park Sang-ki Increasing  “Today, Justice Minister Park independently released a statement on a cryptocurrency trading ban policy that was not agreed upon by the government and the Ministry of Strategy and Finance. Many South Korean investors suffered losses as a result. Given that minister Park had released a premature statement that was not the official stance of the government, and caused billions of dollars in losses, he will need to step down by taking responsibility of the situation.”  What Will Happen?  Justice Minister Park will not be removed from office because of this situation and it is highly unlikely that he will face any punishment for his actions. But, the government may request minister Park to offer a public apology to the citizens of South Korea, considering the magnitude of the losses his statement has triggered.  Earlier today, the Ministry of Strategy and Finance stated that the agency found out about the cryptocurrency trading ban proposal of minister Park through media reports, and was not made aware of it prior to the press conference, even though the two agencies along with the South Korean central bank are leading a cryptocurrency regulation task force.  Globally, the market valuation of cryptocurrencies declined by nearly $100 billion due to the premature announcement of minister Park.  Seoul street image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin, Ethereum Prices Plot Cautious Recovery as Korean Government Cools Trading Ban Rumors Twitter  The cryptocurrency market is eyeing a cautious recovery after financial regulators in South Korea publicly stated that they do not agree with the cryptocurrency trading ban that has been proposed by the country ’s justice minister. In the meantime, though, nearly every major coin is trading below its previous-day level, and the ethereum price has snapped its streak of positive returns.  Cryptocurrency Markets Chaotic as Korean Officials Spar over Regulations  As CCN reported, Korea ’s Ministry of Justice revealed that although regulators struck a deal to  curb anonymous cryptocurrency trading  but not prohibit it outright, the agency has continued to draft a bill that would ban all cryptocurrency trading.  Cryptocurrency prices immediately began to careen downwards on South Korean exchanges, and the panic quickly expanded to exchanges outside the jurisdiction of Korean regulators. Within hours, the  cryptocurrency market cap  had plunged approximately $100 billion, and the market eventually bottomed out at $628.5 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Before long, though, the market began to recover. Korea ’s Ministry of Strategy and Finance held a press conference in which the agency told reporters that the Ministry of Justice was acting on its own and the proposal had not been agreed upon by the country ’s cryptocurrency task force, which includes a broad range of agencies including these ministries as well as the central bank.  “We do not share the same views …on a potential cryptocurrency exchange ban, ” the Ministry of Strategy and Finance  said .  Since this press conference, the cryptocurrency market cap has recovered by more than $40 billion, although it has thus far failed to reach the level at which it was trading before the initial report that the Ministry of Justice was still seeking a blanket trading ban.  Bitcoin Price Recovers After Sub-$13,000 Dip  The market turmoil caused the  bitcoin price  to tumble to a low of $12,639 on Bitfinex, a 16 percent drop from its daily high of $14,999. At present, the bitcoin price is trading at $13,201 on this exchange, while its global average is $13,501, which translates into a $226.8 billion market cap.  24-Hour Bitcoin Price Chart  Ethereum Price Snaps Record-Setting Streak  The chaos also brought an end to ethereum ’s record-setting run, which had seen the second largest cryptocurrency  achieve all-time highs  for several consecutive days even as the wider markets had been less hospitable to other top coins. The  ethereum price  is currently trading at $1,150 at Bitfinex, down from a high of $1,332 on Wednesday. Ethereum now has a market cap of $114.4 billion.  24-Hour Ethereum Price Chart  EOS Headlines an Otherwise-Sour Day  The majority of altcoins joined bitcoin and ethereum in posting moderate declines, but a few cryptocurrencies managed to make positive movement.   Third-ranked ripple continued its mid-week downtrend, falling six percent to reduce its market cap to $66.7 billion. Bitcoin cash, conversely, managed to rise by six percent and lift its market cap to $42.4 billion. Cardano, litecoin, NEM, and dash all fell between three and five percent, while EOS and IOTA joined bitcoin cash in posting single-day advances.  The IOTA price rose three percent for the day to $3.49, bringing its market cap to within a few hundred million of the $10 billion milepost. EOS, though, exploded by 21 percent, raising its price to $10.63 and market cap to $10.6 billion.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Cash Price Makes Push for $3,000 as Wider Market Stumbles Twitter  The bitcoin cash price made a run at the $3,000 barrier in the face of a wider market downturn.  Bitcoin Cash Price Makes Run at $3,000  Much like the older sibling it forked away from at the beginning of August,  bitcoin cash  has seen its market share drop during the early days of 2018.  After entering January controlling approximately seven percent of the  cryptocurrency market cap , bitcoin cash has seen its share drop by one-tenth to 6.3 percent as other altcoins  — most notably  ethereum   — have surged to all-time highs.  This week, however, bitcoin cash embarked on a rally of its own in a bid to leap above the $3,000 barrier after sinking below it last week. There was no clear trigger for the run, although the coin likely benefited from a  report  that mining pool BitClub Network  — a small pool that currently accounts for about 2.5 percent of the bitcoin hashrate  — would begin issuing payouts in BCH form while continuing to mine the BTC chain.  Nevertheless, the fourth-largest cryptocurrency came close to achieving its goal, leaping from a low of $2,280 to a high of $2,988 on Jan. 10  — an intraday climb of 31 percent.  24-Hour BCH Price Chart  Unfortunately for investors, the rally hit a wall, in part due to conflicting reports that South Korea was planning to pursue a blanket ban on cryptocurrency trading. While the president ’s office ultimately issued a statement denying that the ban was a finalized decision, the initial report took the wind out of bitcoin cash ’s sails, as Korea represents one of the coin ’s largest markets.  At present, Seoul-based Bithumb ’s BCH/KRW trading pair constituted bitcoin cash ’s second-largest market, as well as its highest-volume fiat trading pair.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Consequently, it should come as no surprise that the bitcoin cash price careened back down as low as $2,330 before beginning a  cautious recovery  along with the rest of the cryptocurrency markets.  At the time of writing, the bitcoin cash price was trading at $2,633 on Bitfinex, which represented a minor 24-hour decline but a 15 percent increase from its Wednesday low. Bitcoin cash ’s market cap is currently $44.5 billion, which places it $34.6 billion behind third-ranked ripple.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Begins Recovery after South Korea Trading Ban Fiasco Twitter  The cryptocurrency market has begun to recover after the South Korean cryptocurrency trading ban controversy led the market valuation of cryptocurrencies to fall by more than $100 billion.  Cryptocurrency Market Starting to Recover  Almost immediately after the South Korea Ministry of Justice revealed its plans to continue drafting a cryptocurrency trading ban bill, the price of almost all cryptocurrencies in the global market plunged in value. Merely hours later, the South Korea Ministry of Strategy and Finance publicly stated that it does not support and agree with the cryptocurrency trading ban proposal  by the Ministry of Justice.  “We do not share the same views as the Ministry of Justice on a potential cryptocurrency exchange ban,” said the Ministry of Strategy and Finance,  as CCN reported today, on January 11.  Earlier today, 50 of the most valuable cryptocurrencies in the market demonstrated a large decline in value, with bitcoin and Ethereum falling by nearly 10 percent. Since then, within hours, the majority of cryptocurrencies have recovered in value.  With the exception of bitcoin, Ethereum, and Dash, the top 10 cryptocurrencies in the global market have increased in value.  Specifically, cryptocurrencies that are heavily concentrated in the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market in terms of daily trading volume and user activity have recovered faster than others. Namely, EOS and Bitcoin Cash have recorded fairly larger gains over the past several hours.  Bitcoin Cash has increased by more than 6 percent, while EOS demonstrated a major price increase with a 20 percent surge in value.  Cryptocurrency market recovering after major correction  What Will Happen to the Market?  The sell-off from investors in the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market in fear of a potential cryptocurrency trading ban –which has now been debunked by the Ministry of Strategy and Finance –in conjunction with a major correction triggered by an exponential increase in the value of cryptocurrencies over the past two weeks have caused the cryptocurrency market to fall in value.  Given that the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market is already recovering at a rapid rate, the global market will likely soon recover. The South Korean cryptocurrency exchange ban rumors led to a domino effect across all major regions and exchanges.  But, if the market recovers from the initial FUD on cryptocurrency trading ban, it is unlikely that the market will be impacted by the same piece of information in the mid to long-term. More importantly, the MSF has clarified its position on a cryptocurrency trading ban and the task force formed by the MSJ, MoJ, and other important government agencies has stated in late December that it will follow the regulatory roadmap of major regions.  “The South Korean government has no other choice but to follow the regulatory frameworks and trends established by other leading governments. While there certainly exists a negative reputation attached to the cryptocurrencies, the government’s stance is to allow what has to be allowed, for the benefit of the South Korean market,” a representative of the task force said.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Billionaire Bitcoin Bull Novogratz to Launch Cryptocurrency Merchant Bank Twitter  Mike Novogratz , who recently scrapped plans for a cryptocurrency hedge fund, is launching a merchant bank for cryptocurrencies and blockchain-based ventures that he intends to take public, according to  Bloomberg .  Novogratz, a former macro manager, released a plan to raise $200 million and list shares of his Galaxy Digital LP on Canada’s TSX Venture Exchange. The bank will be active in four areas: trading, principal investing, asset management and advisory work.  Novogratz last year described the surge in  bitcoin , Ether, Ripple and other cryptos as the “biggest  bubble  of our lifetimes.” He has also said said blockchain will reshape finance the way the Internet did communication.  Roadmap Released  Galaxy will first buy First Coin Capital Corp., a Canadian startup, then merge with Bradmer Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Canadian shell company, through a reverse takeover and use it to raise C$250 million ($201 million) in a private placement next month.  Bradmer will be renamed Galaxy Digital Holdings, own an interest in the merchant bank, and list on the TSX exchange.  Galaxy hopes to complete the transactions by the end of the first quarter, when shares will begin trading. There is no formal filing of financial statements with securities regulators as there is for an initial public offering.  A Financial Veteran  Novogratz, 53 spent more than a decade at Goldman Sachs Group. He eventually became a principal at Fortress Investment Group LLC and managed the Fortress Macro Fund until it liquidated in 2015.  Novogratz envisions Galaxy as the Goldman Sachs of crypto, according to one unnamed source. The source said Novogratz is putting most of his crypto investments into Galaxy  — about $400 million of bitcoin, Ether, initial coin offerings and stakes in startups including Xapo, Bitstamp and Ripple Labs.  Novogratz decided against his crypto hedge fund since he was concerned about buying bitcoin or Ether for clients while at the same time selling crypto investments in his personal account. By exchanging those same investments for equity in the merchant bank, he avoids the conflict.  Galaxy noted its purchase of First Coin and the reverse takeover of Bradmer are subject to shareholder approval.  Novogratz will be chairman and chief executive officer of the company. The Galaxy management team will include Richard Tavoso, former head of global arbitrage at RBC Capital Markets; Christopher Ferraro, formerly with HPS Investment Partners and BlackRock Kelso Capital Advisors; and David Namdar, formerly with Millennium Partners and UBS AG.  A unit of GMP Capital Inc. is handling the private placement.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Suffers Another Major Correction as Bitcoin, Ether, Ripple Fall Twitter  The cryptocurrency market experienced yet another major correction for the second time this week, as the price of both major and small cryptocurrencies fell by large margins.   Cryptocurrency Market Endures Large Correction  On January 12, almost immediately after South Korea’s Justice Minister Park Sang-ki falsely claimed that the government is drafting a law to effectively ban cryptocurrency trading, the price of nearly every cryptocurrency in the global market fell in value.   Particularly, cryptocurrencies with their daily trading volumes heavily concentrated in the South Korean market such as Qtum, EOS, and Zcash fell by larger margins.   Subsequent to the initial cryptocurrency trading ban incident, the price of most major cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Bitcoin Cash, and Cardano plunged, recording over 10 percent in daily losses.   Although the market seemed to recover shortly after the cryptocurrency trading ban rumors were refuted by the South Korean government and the Blue House, the executive office of President Moon Jae-in, the market suffered another major correction today, on January 15.  Within the past 24 hours, the valuation of the cryptocurrency market fell from $742 billion to $683 billion, by nearly $60 billion.Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Cardano, Stellar, and IOTA recorded almost 10 percent in daily decline, while smaller cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin Gold and Tron demonstrated larger losses in value.  Even cryptocurrencies with trading volumes heavily concentrated in the South Korean market, which tend to trade with high premiums, have plummeted in value. In the South Korean market, the price of bitcoin fell by around 12 percent, while Ripple fell by 12.65 percent.  Price of cryptocurrencies on Korbit, third largest exchange in South Korea  Market is Still Growing Rapidly  Song Eng, a cryptocurrency research, revealed that Binance has become a billion dollar startup in the shortest time in history. Within six months, it has become the largest cryptocurrency exchange in the global market, with a market valuation of nearly $2 billion.  “What determines its market cap? In August, Coinbase raised $100m from prominent VCs at $1.6bn, confirming its status as the first ‘Bitcoin’ unicorn. While their business models are not identical, Binance likely has surpassed Coinbase in trading volume and at its current rate should take global #1, given that it operates in Asia (Japan/China) and Asia is 40%+ of global Bitcoin trading,”  wrote Eng.  Exchanges like Kraken, Bitstamp, Coinbase, and Binance are said to be adding over 100,000 users on a daily basis, and consequently are struggling to meet the demand from their users.  Evidently, given the exponential increase in the growth rate of cryptocurrency exchanges, there exists a significant demand for cryptocurrencies. But, it is also important to consider the rate of the growth of the market.  Short-term major corrections prevent bubbles from forming, by shaking off weak hands and solidifying the market. After a 20 percent decline in the valuation of the cryptocurrency market, a large number of weak hands or speculators tend to exist, while strong hands remain in the market.  Given sufficient demand for cryptocurrencies from the global market, it is likely that the market will recover in the upcoming days, as it recovers from the South Korea trading ban controversy.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘There Has Been an Awakening. Have You Felt It? ’ Twitter  This is the first opinion piece in a four-part series that explores the advent of bitcoin as a store of value and the implications of valuing the cryptocurrency in fiat.   In the epic world of google “how to’s” the second most typed “how to” google search for 2017 was:  Ho w to buy bitcoin . For a very good reason (I’ll get to it in a second). I’m sure Christmas was a great time to explain what bitcoin is, how it works and the many great advantages of distributed ledgers and forms of organizing for many people around the world. Because spreading knowledge is like a virus, what happened? A huge growth of folks entering the crypto markets, not only pouring money in to bitcoin and ethereum, but also into other altcoins. Prices spiked, market value went to the moon and we saw, yet again, records being broken (although at the moment of writing the market is quite bearish). All this commotion got me thinking:  How far have cryptocurrencies come to be used as means of payment?  https://coinmarketcap.com/  Let’s look at  bitcoin . On January 1 st  2017 the price of 1 bitcoin was around USD 947.00 and it increased 1367% closing on the 31 st  of December 2017 at around USD 12,952.00.  In some exchanges, it peaked near USD 20,000.00 in mid-December .  How is the price of bitcoin related to cryptocurrencies ’ usage in payments?  Although the number of investors in bitcoin is increasing exponentially, the diversification of uses cases and mainly adoption hasn’t happened yet.  Some are able to properly use bitcoin, at a smaller scale of course, but the main problem remains: it’s quite difficult to purchase goods with. Well, in  most developed countries that is .  The funny thing is this problem seems to disappear when people just use bitcoin on their daily lives.  In Venezuela  most chose to use bitcoin despite the current high fees, rather than depending on a hyper-inflated currency, controlled by a corrupt government, incapable of keeping the bolivar stable. This is how the true revolution is happening: while many people use bitcoin as a way to store value,  others start to use  it as  means of payments.  Why is the price a bottleneck?  Most people who start looking at bitcoin do it because of the price. And so they think: “I wish I heard about this bitcoin sooner.  I can’t invest now, it’s too expensive”. Not to mention the ultimate  bitcoin dilemma : if I spend bitcoin today won’t I be spoiling future earnings?  Let’s properly discuss the obvious elephant in the room.  Yes, the price. We get back to where we started. Bitcoin’s price is what makes people desire to participate and what keeps them away at the same time. It’s a double-edged sword. The price is definitely the very first bottleneck.  The higher it goes, the more people profit, keeping the blockchain alive. But on the other hand, the more scared people are of joining. The reason is incredible: people cannot afford to buy bitcoin. How can they? Bitcoin’s price is insanely high.  The human collective mind is a beautiful thing. It fails to see the most obvious feature of bitcoin (and most cryptocurrencies): it’s dividable, like any other currency. You can buy less than 1 bitcoin. But the number of people who still haven’t truly realized is huge. It’s not their fault entirely; it’s just not that simple to understand when you first hear about bitcoin.  The higher the price the more difficult it gets to make a simple decision: whether or not to enter the market at any given point in time. That is everyone’s true fear. The roller-coaster goes something like:  https://www.buybitcoinworldwide.com/trading/  Will bitcoin’s price suffer the same fate?  Well, as long as people continue to use bitcoin, I don’t think it will.  If money is simply a language , there might come a time where we won’t need to “speak” fiat anymore (on a daily basis). At least among our communities, cities or even countries. If that time comes, the price of bitcoin will simply be bitcoin. It seems we’re still very far, far away, but maybe we’re all just suffering from a new depth perception disease, which prevents us from accurately measuring the impact of bitcoin. It’s not the tulip bubble, nor the internet crash. It’s something completely different.  Price is indeed blocking many people from entering the cryptocurrency market. But when people start looking past that, here’s what they will see:  The ability to store, track and exchange your own money without the need of a central authority; The ability to remain anonymous when using your money; The ability to own your data and be compensated for sharing it; The right to a transparent ledger, no own really owns and belongs to the entire network of users. Just download the blockchain and there you have it.  The rule of law, monetary policy makers and fiscal policy makers, must adapt to a distributed way of organizing. Because guess what?  “We don’t need permission. We forgot to ask for it”.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   South Korea ’s Cryptocurrency Fiasco is Fueling a Political Conflict Twitter  The controversial decision of Justice Ministry head Park Sang-ki to release a premature and false statement on a potential cryptocurrency trading ban has fueled a political conflict between the current administration and other opposition parties.  Opposition Party Accuses Justice Ministry of Market Manipulation  Earlier this week, a South Korean mainstream media outlet Hankyoreh, a daily newspaper created in 1988, reported that opposition parties of the South Korean government criticized the President Moon Jae-in administration for manipulating the cryptocurrency market and ridiculing the citizens.  On January 11, Justice Minister Park claimed that the ministry is working on drafting a cryptocurrency trading ban bill to effectively shut down cryptocurrency exchanges. Merely hours later, the Ministry of Strategy and Finance, which initially found out about the claims of Minister Park through media reports, firmly emphasized that it does not support or agree with the persona l statement of Minister Park.  On January 12, the Blue House, the executive office of President Moon Jae-in, issued a public statement and an apology to South Korean citizens regarding the recent cryptocurrency trading ban controversy, and noted that a ban will not be imposed in the short-term.  A spokesperson of the Bareun Party, one of the main opposition parties of the South Korean government, heavily criticized the Moon administration, stating that the premature statement of Minister Park led the entire global cryptocurrency market to plummet in value and led to billions of dollars in losses.  “It was an unacceptable behavior which did not take the South Korean citizens into consideration. The trading ban claim of Justice Minister park was a mockery against the South Korean people,” said Yoo eu-dong, the Bareun Party spokesperson.  A spokesperson of the Kookmin Party, another opposition party of the South Korean government, also noted that the South Korean government remained silent about cryptocurrency regulations and overnight, damaged the cryptocurrency market with a false ban announcement.   Another spokesperson of Jayoo Party stated that the South Korean government forced the public to view cryptocurrency investors as uninformed gamblers through the statement of Minister Park, and criticized the government for the recent incident.   Immense Economic Impact  Most of the criticisms by opposition parties were targeted at Justice Minister Park, who failed to consider the immense economic impact his words could have had on the global cryptocurrency market. The scale of losses throughout the week was in the billions, and more than 150,000 citizens have signed a petition to reject the trading ban bill and remove Minsiter Park from office .  The South Korean finance market is relatively small in comparison to other major regions such as Japan and the US. Given that the cryptocurrency exchange market processes more trades on a daily basis than KOSDAQ, South Korea’s main stock market, the closure of the cryptocurrency market could damage the economy of South Korea at the same scale as closing down the stock market.  With the recent cryptocurrency trading ban controversy, the South Korean government has discovered the economic impact of strict regulations on the South Korean finance market and as such, it is unlikely that the government will impose regulations in abrupt manner.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin and Economic Freedom Twitter  There have been many studies on economic freedom around the world.  Economic freedom clearly correlates with a high GDP per capita.  Countries that have banned or over-regulated bitcoin are low on the economic freedom ranking and also have a low GDP per capita.  These unfree regimes play a part in creating poverty for their people.  According to the 2017 Heritage Foundation ’s  Index of Economic Freedom,  the following 5 countries were the most economically free:  Hong Kong Singapore New Zealand Switzerland Australia  Heritage  uses the following 4 categories to assess economic freedom:  Rule of Law (property rights, government integrity, judicial effectiveness) Government Size (government spending, tax burden, fiscal health) Regulatory Efficiency (business freedom, labor freedom, monetary freedom) Open Markets (trade freedom, investment freedom, financial freedom)  Using the World Banks 2016 numbers, let ’s look at GDP per capita for the 5 most economically free societies:  Hong Kong   $43,681 Singapore   $52,961 New Zealand   $39,427 Switzerland   $78,813 Australia.   $49,929  Cleary, having economic freedom correlates with people being well off.  The more economically free a country is, the better off the people are.  Economic growth and increases in GDP per capita lead to longer lives, more choice, less pollution, smaller families and new technological breakthroughs. Countries becoming richer can effectively save the planet.  Banning Bitcoin  According to Wikipedia, the following 5 countries have banned Bitcoin:   Morocco Bolivia Ecuador Kyrgyzstan Bangladesh  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legality_of_bitcoin_by_country_or_territory  Now let ’s see how the banned countries are ranked on the  Heritage  Economic Freedom Index  :  Morocco 86 Bolivia   168 Ecuador 160 Kyrgyzstan 89 Bangladesh 128  http://www.heritage.org/index/ranking  Morocco and Kyrgyzstan are considered moderately free by the Heritage Foundation. Bangladesh is considered mostly repressed and Bolivia and Ecuador are considered repressed.  The countries that have banned bitcoin are clearly not economically free.  Now we can look at the banned bitcoin countries ’ GDP per capita. Once again, data is from the World Bank and is in US dollars:  Morocco $2,832 Bolivia   $3,105 Ecuador $5,969 Kyrgyzstan $1,077 Bangladesh $1,359   Cleary, these economically repressed countries are very poor.  Free and Rich Countries Embrace Bitcoin  Japan has declared bitcoin legal tender.  This move seems to have led to an increase in their GDP. https://www.ccn.com/bitcoin-price-rally-could-boost-japanese-gdp-growth-in-2018/  China ’s largest cryptocurrency exchange just signed a deal to relocate to Japan and South Korea.   https://www.ccn.com/chinas-largest-bitcoin-exchange-is-reallocating-to-japan-and-south-korea-with-major-bank-deal/    Switzerland has created a cryptocurrency incubator at Zug.  Cyrto Valley is a government supported association that aims to be at the forefront of blockchain and cryptographic technologies.  These countries are not afraid of economic freedom.  These countries are also very rich.    The more economically free a country is, the richer it is.  Only backward, repressive regimes are banning bitcoin. These unfree regimes play a part in creating poverty for their people. Freedom and prosperity go hand in hand.   Smart governments will continue to support blockchain and cryptocurrencies.  Cryptocurrencies will continue to create more efficient markets; markets wi th the most consumer and producer surplus. Only the repressive are over-regulating and banning bitcoin. What is your government doing?  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Fair Play: Let Bet Improves Player ’s Online Gambling Odds on Blockchain Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Online gaming on the Blockchain is ready to tip the odds in the player’s favor. In the most popular casino games (i.e., slot machines, roulette, blackjack), the house advantage can range from two to 10 percent. Despite the odds of the house winning, players will spend $1 tln in the online gambling market by 2021.    The risk of unfair play lurks everywhere in the online gambling world. Perils of playing include the game host rigging the game, making unfair payouts, manipulating the game code and creating false players for players to play against. Adding to the danger, incidences of gambler identity and assets being stolen through cyber theft are on the rise.    With the launch of gambling on the Blockchain, the house no longer rules! In other words, players no longer have to trust a third party to deliver fair play and protect their privacy and assets. The players and game developers control gameplay through peer-to-peer transactions conducted over smart contracts.    The house always wins  The old adage, players bet to win, is far from reality. After losing money, most gamblers continue to place bets to recoup their losses. Since the odds are in the house’s favor, this is a losing betting strategy for most gamblers.    Even if the player wins, he may never see all of his winnings. Gamblers place all their trust in third party service providers. The gaming platform must securely collect payment (and financial information), conduct the game fairly and distribute the winnings in a fair and timely manner.    Online gaming has introduced new trust issues. Players can no longer see with whom they are playing. They could be playing directly against the house,  or even worse, a very smart machine pretending to be an individual. Even the skill of the professional baccarat players that overflow the casinos in Maca is not a guarantee of maintaining fair win-lose odds. Developers can change the game mechanics and code and erode advantages players have invested time in developing.    Fair play  Let Bet  has developed an online gambling platform powered by the Blockchain that reduces the risks in online gambling by providing a transparent, secure and anonymous gambling platform.  The Blockchain enables a trustless and borderless gambling world by conducting gambling over a smart contract. Players can activate game play and payment directly and anonymously from a cryptocurrency wallet. Players are identified through an encrypted code associated with their cryptocurrency wallet, concealing their identity and making it difficult to identify the region they are betting from.     All interactions are recorded on an unchangeable digital ledger system. On a transparent, immutable ledger, game manipulation can more easily be identified and the activity of dishonest and false players tracked. These same features make cyber theft and hacking more difficult. Illicit practices endemic in the gambling industry such as tax avoidance and money laundering will be harder to facilitate.   What sets Let Bet apart from its competitors?  Currently, all the competitors of  Let Bet  (like astorgame, decent.bet, vdice.io) have their platforms set up on the Ethereum Blockchain. Unfortunately, this extremely popular Blockchain is not the ideal Blockchain for creating a gambling platform. This is because of the inherent problems of the Ethereum Blockchain.  Speed : The average blocktime of Ethereum is one minute. Now would you like to wait for one whole minute to see the results after you have spun the slot machine?  Not Provably Fair : Currently, Ethereum doesn ’t provide a true Random Number Generator (RNG). It is thus difficult for competitors of Let Bet to provide a provably fair game. Not Transparent : To override the problem of transaction speed on the Ethereum Blockchain, competitors of Let Bet tend to implement game logic at a centralized server. This will make it less transparent and easier to control the game from the server side.  To solve this problem, Let Bet has built its very own Blockchain. This Blockchain is fast, extremely secure and best of all, zero-chain, meaning that it has zero transaction fees.   Let Bet has already developed some games as proof of concept. These games are open source on their  GitHub .   Most importantly, the competitors of Let Bet are working merely as bookmakers. Let Bet is creating an Online Gambling Platform and aims to connect other traditional online gambling sites that want to improve the gaming experience by switching to the LBT decentralized Blockchain-based system.   Playing to win the hearts of gamers, Let Bet aims to solve all of the problems of the Ethereum Blockchain with their new chain and create a fast, secure and truly fair Blockchain-based gambling platform. The betting platform will create more fairness through smart contract-based gambling products while connecting bookmakers around the world to build a new gambling revolution together.  Let the games begin!   Players, game providers and bookmakers can access the  Let Bet platform  with the LBT coin, which is used to initiate all transactions. In total, 199 mln coins are being produced, half of which will be available for buying during the initial coin offering period. The remaining coins will be reserved for third-party developers, LBT and promotion (audit, bounty and affiliate programs). 20 mln LBT will be available during the pre-sale starting on Jan. 20, 2018. The official crowdfunding launches on Feb. 25th and will run for 30 days. The price will be discounted and rise as coins are sold, so it pays to get in early.    
DECREASE	   South Korea’s Second Largest Bank Supports Cryptocurrency Exchanges, Traders Relieved Twitter  Bithumb and Korbit, two of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges in the South Korean market, have announced that Kookmin Bank deposits and withdrawals will be disabled by the end of January.  Shinhan Bank Will Support Cryptocurrency Exchanges  Kookmin Bank, the biggest financial institution in South Korea, has decided not to support cryptocurrency exchanges and provide virtual bank accounts to cryptocurrency investors. On South Korean trading platforms, each investor is provided with a virtual bank account with which they can withdraw and deposit Korean won, without having to directly move funds from and to actual ba nk accounts.  Over the past few weeks, local investors were concerned with the abrupt decision of Kookmin Bank to close down virtual bank accounts launched on South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges. Many traders feared that other banks would follow the decision of Kookmin Bank and simply cut financial links to cryptocurrency exchanges.  Earlier this week, Korbit told its users and traders that by the end of January, the exchange will begin accepting deposits and withdrawals from Shinhan Bank accounts instead of Kookmin Bank accounts. The statement sent by Korbit to its users read:  “As previously announced, in order to comply with the identification and anti-money laundering regulations being enforced by the government, the current KRW deposit method will be terminated by the end of January 2018.  To use the new KRW deposit method, which is slated to be implemented within this month, you must have a Shinhan Bank account registered under your legal name. Please use this time to create a banking account at Shinhan Bank. We will follow up with further instructions on how to input the new KRW withdrawal account information on Korbit.”  With the recent announcement of Korbit, traders have become relieved and started not to fear about the possibility of a cryptocurrency trading ban. Previously, in an official document, the South Korean government stated that it had requested financial institutions and banks within the regulated finance industry to prevent providing banking services to cryptocurrency exchanges.   What Will Happen to South Korean Cryptocurrency Market?  This week, several local media outlets reported that a high ranking financial authority in South Korea claimed the government is planning to allow financial institutions to list bitcoin futures, as the US Commodities and Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) did in 2017.   The government official explained that the listing of bitcoin futures would stabilize the market and enable the bitcoin exchange market to mature, reducing premiums and excessive speculation by local investors.  In the upcoming months, the South Korean government will likely roll out practical regulations to protect both investors and businesses. In a statement released in December, a member of the cryptocurrency regulation task force noted that the government will follow the regulatory roadmap established by leading markets like Japan and the US.  Given the current state of the market and the government’s decision to not impose a trading ban in the short-term, the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market has been fairly optimistic over the past few days, as shown by the rising price and volumes of cryptocurrencies in both the South Korean and global market.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   A Case for Decentralized Cryptocurrency Exchanges Twitter  If 2017 taught the cryptosphere anything, it gave it a lesson in security.  The sheer number of hacks throughout the year –and the millions of dollars in coins stolen as a result –sent a clear message: cryptocurrency trading needs a makeover.  The foundation for this makeover?  Decentralized exchanges.  2017: A Year Plagued by Hackings   2017 will likely go down as the year that put crypto on the map.  With attention, however, comes vulnerability, and the same year that saw crypto prosper was the same year that drove it into the hands of malicious individuals.  More than a dozen  separate attacks occurred throughout the course of the year.  From exchanges to wallet services to ICO funds, hackers feasted on system vulnerabilities.  Factoring in current market prices, the total value of the year’s stolen funds is somewhere in the ballpark of $500mln.  This figure doesn’t even accommodate pre-2017 hackings, which includes  Bitfinex  and  Bitstamp , among others, and  the infamous Mt. Gox breach  that drove the market into hibernation.  Add these to the tally and over $12.5bln worth of cryptocurrency has been filched over the years.  In the thick of the trouble, wallets have had their fair share of run-ins.   Back in July , hackers compromised Parity, a popular Ethereum multisignature wallet, running off with 153,000 ETH (worth nearly $200mln at its current exchange rate).   In November , a Tether treasury wallet lost $31mln to an  attacker linked  to a 2015 Bitstamp exchange hack.  Overall, however, cryptocurrency exchanges bore the brunt of malicious actors in 2017, and South Korean exchanges in particular were on hackers’ hit lists.  Youbit, formerly known as Yapizon,  lost 3,816 Bitcoin  in April of 2017.  Valued $5mln at the time of the hack, the total cost of this attack now tops $50mln.  To make matters worse, Youbit was hit again in December, forcing it to file for bankruptcy after losing 17% of its funds.  further, in July, news broke that 30,000 user accounts on Bithumb, South Korea’s largest exchange, were exposed in a data breach that left billions of  won stolen.  In current market prices, customers suffered a collective loss of at least $10mln.  Decentralized Exchanges May Provide a Solution  All of these compromised exchanges –Bitstamp, Bitfinex, Youbit, Bithtumb –are centralized.  This is nothing out of the ordinary, as most all major exchanges are centralized.  There are obvious reasons for this, the most apparent being convenience, but these reasonings often overlook security concerns.  When an exchange is centralized, this centralization comes in two forms: asset control and system management.  With asset control, exchanges operate much like trusted institutions such as banks; when you use a centralized exchange, you agree to let the exchange hold your funds and private for you until you wish to withdraw your currency.  Exchanges will often hold customer fund s in a hot wallet reserve (online) and cold wallet reserve (offline).  The other form of centralization refers to how an exchange stores its data and the infrastructure it uses to support itself.  Larger exchanges have to outsource server space, often to cloud services, in order to accommodate website traffic, and this usually means that hosting servers are allocated in a single source.  Starting to get the picture?  If a hacker wants to hit a centralized exchange, they need only to go through a central entryway, usually a third-party hosting server.  Once in, the hacker then has access to a central source of funding, the exchange’s hot wallet reserve and private keys.  Of course, major exchanges have a number of security features in place to insulate themselves against malicious actors.  But as precedent has shown, these measures don’t always go far enough.    This is why we need decentralized exchanges.  They pick up the slack that centralized exchanges, because of their inherent design, can’t.  As such, decentralized exchanges (DEXs, for short) offer a number of enhanced security benefits.  No central point of entry or control  Unlike their centralized counterparts, DEXs are not controlled by a single entity.  The domain server that people access to use the exchange is centralized, of course, but no one entity controls the marketplace, nor is the exchange supported by a single server.    As they currently stand, most decentralized exchanges are built on the Ethereum blockchain and are supported by a network of nodes rather than a centralized server.  This means that an attacker would have to compromise half of the nodes that support an exchange to control it, a practically impossible feat.  User controlled funds   Since there is no one entity that owns a DEX, there is no central hub that controls user funds.  Decentralized exchanges are trustless, meaning users are always in control of their assets and all trades are peer-to-peer.    To accomplish this, DEXs manage currencies using Ethereum-powered smart contracts.  Once funds are locked into a smart contract, only someone with the corresponding private keys can touch the funds.  Under a centralized system, you relinquish your private keys, and they are all pooled into a single ledger that reflects the exchange’s hot wallet reserve.  If a hacker gets its ha nds on these keys, your funds can be swept away.  Under a decentralized system, you’re always in control of your own private keys, and so long as you don’t reveal them to a malicious third party, your assets are safe in a DEX’s smart contract.  Integration with Hardware Wallets  This is perhaps the biggest benefit a DEX has to offer.  Most decentralized exchanges, such as Ether Delta and IDEX, can sync up with the Ledger Nano S or Trezor hardware wallets.  Alongside cold storage, hardware wallets are the safest options for storing and managing personal funds, as they are impervious to the same malware that can compromise software wallets.  Using a hard ware wallet compliant DEX, you can plug in your Ledger or Trezor and send funds directly into the exchange’s smart contracts.  This is preferable to manually entering your private keys, as manual entry is vulnerable to phishing and keylogging attacks.  DEXs Still Have a Ways to Go  While they’re a better option than more popular centralized options, decentralized exchanges, as they currently operate, are far from perfect.  As EtherDelta taught us  last December, they’re still prone to phishing attacks through the exchange’s domain name server.  Still, as  I argue here,  the security features inherent to the exchange minimized the damage done.  Accounts that used Meta Mask or Ledger to manage funds were completely safe even if they used the fake site, and if you never revealed your private keys on the fraudulent domain, your coins were safe in their smart contracts.  By today’s rates, over $500,000 worth of funds were nabbed, and while this nu mber isn’t laughable, it’s much less than we’ve seen stolen through centralized exchanges.  To continue with DEX downsides, there’s a reason centralized exchanges are more popular: they’re easier to use.  Newcomers may get frustrated with the maze of smart contracts they must navigate to begin trading.  Sure, you don’t have to sign up or get verified to use a DEX, but you have to transfer funds back and forth from your personal wallet to an exchange wallet every time  you want to trade.  You’re also at the mercy of the Ethereum network everytime you want to move funds or make a trade.  If the network is congested, you may face, at best, higher transaction fees or, at worst, a buggy, unresponsive trading system.  There are a number of projects looking to ameliorate these issues.  0x, for example, is implementing an off-chain ordering system in conjunction with an on-chain trading system.  In theory, this will give the DEX the quick order matching system of a centralized exchange without sacrificing security. Blocknet is another DEX that hopes to bring cross change atomic swaps to stream line decentralized trading and make it even more secure.  I believe decentralized exchanging will be the future of cryptocurrency trading, as it is necessary for the ecosystem’s financial health and future survival.  Hopefully, 2018 will bring a slew of innovations for this unrefined system, and hopefully, these innovations will help to mend the losses suffered under the current centralized standard.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Futures: A Way to Control Cryptocurrency Markets? Twitter  Can Wall Street investors manipulate the cryptocurrency markets via Bitcoin futures? Based on the recent fall in the markets during the week of January 15th, it seems that “yes” is the answer to that question.  During the market slump last week, there was some banter on Reddit that the crash was going to end Wednesday, January 17 at 4:00 PM EST when the markets closed the first Bitcoin futures contracts on the CBOE expired at $10,900 per Bitcoin. There was even a  countdown  posted by one Reddit user. While the price of Bitcoin did not rocket back up in the immediate aftermath, altcoins started to rebound hours after the futures contracts expired.  Futures Strategy   Many institutional investors are wise to use the futures contracts to lower the Bitcoin price to buy in lower by setting the stop-loss triggers at support levels to push down the price further and further to make it look like a crash. This scares novice investors to support the bears and sell to avoid a total loss. By taking this strategy, the Wall Street investors are strategi cally pushing down the price for in order to re-enter at much lower levels and potentially set Bitcoin up for another rocket rise to unprecedented highs. Then, assumingly, collect profits and repeat the cycle, increasing profits each time Bitcoin rises and falls.  United: We All Fall and Rise Together  Interestingly, the cryptocurrency market seems to rise and fall simultaneously with the altcoins. Is a systemic issue that causes this harmonious rise and fall of prices on the exchanges? The answer is a little fuzzy, but there are several factors at play. Most exchanges use Bitcoin as the universal trading currency, which leads to many investors buying and selling Bitcoin to b uy and sell altcoins. When bitcoin starts a bull run, many of the altcoins fall, as investors jump on the Bitcoin train and vice versa. It’s also systemic because most exchanges require Bitcoin rather than fiat currency to transact. It is easy to invest fiat currency in the market and then leave there as an investor trades it; moving it from one currency to another and not cash ing it back to fiat currency. Furthermore, When the Bitcoin price falls or rises against the fiat currency, all the altcoins will usually follow. This is because all altcoin prices are based on their Bitcoin exchange rate, not their fiat currency exchange rate. The value of an altcoin in fiat currency is the value of the altcoin in Bitcoin and then Bitcoin’s value in that fiat  currency. It is Bitcoin that strongly affects pricing.  With much of the market tied into Bitcoin, it makes it easy for the Bitcoin Futures contracts to manipulate the entire cryptocurrency market because it is not just the value of the altcoins is the value of the altcoins in relation to the value of bitcoin.  The next litmus test is coming this Friday, January 26 th  when the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) futures contracts on Bitcoin are set to expire. Given that the cryptocurrency market is recovering, it is likely that the contracts could continue the bull run or not.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   New Crypto-Investor Psychology – Where Did These High Caps on High-Supply Coins Come From? Twitter  It was around noon – I was in my favorite bagel store getting my coffee when I overheard someone talking about cryptocurrency. I was quite excited, considering that I finally seem less of a cultist when I mention Bitcoin due to the media frenzy responsible for pulling in new investors. However, my excitement turned into a nervous sweat when the man said “hey, did you hear about  this Ripple thing? People are saying it could be the next Bitcoin!”  The market had been a bit unnerving, to say the least – many legacy coins with massive supplies were exploding, and it had the tendency to be a bit confusing. The total market capitalization of cryptocurrency ran a couple hundred billion in just a few weeks, with unknown coins reaching new heights among well-established projects. Something was definitely wrong.  The Top is In.   On January 5 th , CNBC contributor Brian Kelly participated  in a segment  on  Fast Money  showing consumers how to buy Ripple’s XRP from popular cryptocurrency exchange Poloniex.  U.S. based investors unfamiliar with cryptocurrency outside of the Coinbase quartet were probably shocked at the prospect of a cryptocurrency trading under $100 – let alone $10.  New retail investors saw the price of XRP as an opportunity to capitalize on discovering “the next Bitcoin,” as many like to call their favorite cryptocurrency. However, for XRP to come even close to Bitcoin’s price would require a market capitalization of over one quadrillion dollars.  The price of XRP at the time of the show was $2.57, and although it was being traded at a premium in Korea – it seems as if  Fast Money  pushed it during its swan song. As retail investors continued pouring money in, Ripple began its slow descent to under $2, until the recent slump drove it under $1.  Ripple wasn’t the only “cheap coin” that followed these recent parabolic uptrends into a spiral – others including parody and rubbish such as ReddCoin, Verge, and even Dentacoin did as well.  The psychology behind the drive was most likely the following: why buy a fraction of a Bitcoin (whether or not the investor knows that’s possible), when you can own a “cheaper” coin in abundance? To someone new to cryptocurrency, what sounds more appealing: 0.54132 Bitcoin, or over 5,000 XRP?  High Supply – Misinformed and Negligence   To those who believe that XRP has a similar chance at breaching the $10,000 mark, as Bitcoin has – I’m sorry to burst your bubble. Even at $10 which many see XRP hitting, its market capitalization would be somewhere around $1 trillion assuming the entire supply is accounted for. That’s a drop under double the market capitalization of the entire cryptocurrency market.  It could be a probable scenario if the market capitalization of cryptocurrency were to hit the multi-trillions sector, but for now, it seems to be a bit of a pipe-dream to assume that an asset will float that high in the near future.  This isn’t a bash to Ripple’s technology, but rather an observation on potential price-points of a certain asset. The same rules apply to most cryptocurrencies that have high supply numbers, whether or not they have solid technology behind them.  Take for example Sia – a decentralized cloud storage solution. During the low price-point madness, the price of Sia shot from under $0.03 to over $0.10 in a matter of a few days. It has been around long enough but already had a $1 billion market capitalization. It was simply another case of “cheap-coin” while neglecting supply metrics. Again, this isn’t a knock on Sia’s technol ogy – it’s quite great. However, the price wasn’t justified, and the market movement was simply caused by new investors. Kin can be included in this mix as well.  The darker side of this were the coins that were not up-to-par and pumped for the same reason. Take Dentacoin for example – is the global dentistry industry really going to adopt an Ethereum token? Raise some money, buy some clinics, claim for them to be independent partners, and wrap things up nice and tightly. Fine, have your ICO, and your own cryptocurrency, but nearly a $2  billion market capitalization on January 8 th  with little to show for it? Something is wrong here.  Let’s take a look at the supply and price-point metrics: an eight trillion Dentacoin max supply total, a circulating supply of over 325 billion, and a price well under a penny. It’s a recipe for attracting new money.  However, part of the rise of some of these gray-coins as I call them, came from well-known cybersecurity expert John McAfee, as he initiated a wave of buying through his “coin of the day” scheme.  McAfee, Master Manipulator   Back on December 13 th , McAfee  tweeted his love for privacy coins , as well as a follow-up the next day regarding a “privacy coin” formerly known as DogeCoin Dark, now known as Verge (XVG).  In his tweet , McAfee mentioned that it’s “easier” for a coin to go from $0.03 to $3.00 than it is for one to go from $300 to $30,000.  After his tweet, Verge spiked, going from a low of $0.013 to an all-time high of $0.30 just a week later – a gain of over %2,300. A coin with little to no function saw a market capitalization of over $4.4 billion, simply because of its pricing and a small bump from a popular figure.  McAfee then decided to capitalize on his newly discovered powers by entertaining his followers with a “coin of the day” series, in which he announced mostly high-supply coins that his new-investor following would eat up because of their price points.  Electroneum, an infantile fork of the Monero codebase that held an ICO and really hasn’t accomplished much was the first of his picks on  December 21st . Just a short bit later, and Electroneum managed to spike nearly 60% before leveling out to a drop higher than the day’s low. To hark back to the “cheap” idea, Electroneum was trading below $0.10 but has a multi-billion circulating supply of nearly 6 billion.  McAfee continued this trend with his next few choices, including Burst (1.8b circulating), Digibyte (9.7b circulating), ReddCoin (28.7b circulating), and even DogeCoin (112.8b circulating) which became his “coin of the week” on January 8 th . Some picked up on the trend and began using McAfee’s tweets to “ pump and dump ” the coins of his choosing.  Even the creator of DogeCoin, Jackson Palmer,  tweeted out his confusion , as ridiculous assets with minimal underlying technology began assuming high market capitalizations. However, it’s easy to manipulate new investors who believe in the potential of an asset to explode due to a low price and a neglect for circulating supplies.  Exchanges Temporarily Halt Registration  New investors have figured out how to purchase altcoins, and they now understand where to do if the activity McAfee facilitated was indicative of anything. Exchanges were definitely not equipped to handle the sudden increase in traffic, as many of them displayed through halting new user registrations.  Bitfinex was the  first to close their doors  in December due to the number of new users coming in until they reopened just a few days ago with new requirements. On December 14 th , Bittrex announced a  turn-off  of user registrations due to a “large spike” in signups. Binance  temporarily disabled  new registrations on January 5 th , and mentioned an “overwhelming surge in popularity.”  Even Cryptopia had to  shut their doors  a day later on January 6 th  to handle registrations, before reopening a few days later.  An exchange account  black-market quickly opened up , as investors that lacked accounts on certain exchanges began buying them off other users for a premium. Prices ranged anywhere from a few hundred, to even a few thousand dollars for verified accounts. Binance noticed this trend, and quickly put out  a notice  warning any individuals wishing to buy accounts about the associated security risks.  These temporary shutdowns were only indicative of the number of new buyers in the space, looking to capitalize on the frenzy-period. Little did they know that a large wash-out was coming just a few days later.  The Tuesday Night Massacre   Over the past week, the entire cryptocurrency market has taken quite the beating. Some are attributing the decline to news out of Asia, in which a media frenzy that came out of  South Korea after some exchange drama  hit. Others, see the decline  as a conspiracy  surrounding the close of the first round of the futures market, bundled with plenty of price manipulation from Wall Street.  After a 50%  decline in the total cryptocurrency market capitalization , signs of life are finally starting to reappear.  Regardless of the cause of the drop, new investors were most likely shaken out as they weren’t prepared for the true volatility of the cryptocurrency market. Hopefully, this stomps out any form of Phoenix that some expected these high-supply, underwhelming technology coins to pull, and they meet their timely demise (except DogeCoin – that can stay). It’s time for a radical adju stment.  Disclaimer: The author of this piece does not own any of the mentioned cryptocurrencies  
DECREASE	   India ’s Biggest Bitcoin Exchanges See Bank Accounts Frozen: Report Twitter  According to a report by the Indian news publication,  The Economic Times (ET), bitcoin exchanges in India may be facing some disruption from the country’s top financial institutions. Over the past month since December 2017, several national banks, including State Bank of India, HDFC Bank, Axis Bank, Yes Bank and ICICI Bank, have frozen accounts belonging to select digital currency exchanges.  The suspension of bank accounts appears to be primarily motivated by the banking industry’s lack of faith in such businesses, especially since most exchanges have been largely operating on borrowed funds. Furthermore, of the Indian banks that haven’t imposed a complete suspension on the bank accounts, most have limited the amount of money that can be withdrawn within a single d ay.  Although Economic Times’ list of affected businesses only includes Zebpay, Unocoin, CoinSecure and BtcxIndia, other exchanges have also been publicly experiencing some problems.  A banking representative told ET that  “(The) Reserve Bank of India has not issued any directive to us  – it ’s a cautionary move on our part.” Financial institutions are also demanding cryptocurrency exchanges for collateral on their borrowings while keeping accounts hostage. A source familiar with the matter said,  “Since last month, banks have been asking for additional collateral with 1:1 ratio. ”  Most Indian exchanges that borrowed capital from financial institutions did so in the hopes of raising an equivalent amount in private equity investment, something that has not come into fruition yet. It is likely that venture capitalists are waiting for the government to clarify the  taxation and regulatory aspects  of cryptocurrencies in the country.  An estimated eight bank accounts have been frozen so far, with more to possibly follow, according to sources quoted by The Economic Times. Banks have also reported exchanges using their bank accounts for reasons other than what was stated at the time of creating them. Financial institutions in India are mandated to disclose such suspicious transactions to the  Financial Intelligence Unit.  It is not only the banking sector in India that has been scrutinizing the exchanges, however. The country’s direct and indirect tax departments have also begun showing a keen interest in the matter. In December 2017, the Indian Income Tax department  conducted audits  at a number of cryptocurrency exchanges throughout the country. A few days later, it announced that it had sent  notices to high net-worth individuals  that previously transacted large amounts of cryptocurrency. According to the same department, the cumulative revenue of the top 10 Indian exchanges is in the ballpark of $6 billion.  Zebpay and Koinex, responsible for most of India’s digital currency trading volume and the most popular options among new investors, have both released several statements following the suspension of some of their bank accounts in the past few weeks. While Zebpay did not stop processing withdrawals in this time frame, it did have some hiccups with deposits as evidenced by a  support webpage . Koinex suspended all fiat transactions, including deposits, for around a week, before  re-enabling the option  on January 8, 2018.  Due to this increased scrutiny by lawmakers and financial bodies, the past month has been particularly troublesome for Indian exchanges. The situation is likely to worsen as the cryptocurrency market continues to intrigue the country’s population and gain traction among first-time investors.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrecy Market Suffers Minor Correction, Ripple and Cardano Down 10% Twitter  Earlier today, on January 21, the cryptocurrency market has experienced a minor correction as nearly all of the cryptocurrencies including Ripple and Cardano in the market declined in value.  Minor Correction  While major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin and Ethereum dropped by a relatively small margin, Ripple and Cardano dropped by around 10 percent. Since a major correction occured last week, the market cap of Ripple has struggled to recover beyond $80 billion.  At its peak, Ripple’s market valuation neared $150 billion, easily surpassing Ethereum to become the second largest cryptocurrency behind bitcoin. However, since the correction, Ripple has endured a week-long slump.   Cardano, which peaked at $32 billion on January 3, has failed to rebound over $20 billion over the past week, struggling to achieve half of the market valuation of Bitcoin Cash.   Several analysts have attributed the recent minor correction of the cryptocurrency market to the South Korean cryptocurrency market, and the decision of major cryptocurrency exchanges to prohibit foreigners from trading cryptocurrencies.  This week, as  CCN previously reported , South Korea’s third largest cryptocurrency exchange Korbit told its users that foreigners will no longer be able to deposit or withdraw Korean won on local cryptocurrency exchanges once a new anti-money laundering (AML) system is integrated by the end of January. The Korbit team wrote:  “Please note, however, that non-Korean nationals, both resident and non-resident, will not be allowed to deposit KRW at any domestic cryptocurrency exchanges when the new KRW deposit method is implemented. We will explain further via a separate message. In order to comply with the identification and anti-money laundering regulations being enforced by the government, the current KRW deposit method will be terminated by the end of January 2018.”  It is difficult to measure the impact of the foreigner cryptocurrency trading ban initiated by the South Korean government on the global cryptocurrency market given that the majority of cryptocurrency investors and traders in the South Korean market are the country’s citizens.   Thus, it is far-fetched to claim that the prohibition of foreigners from trading cryptocurrencies in the local market caused the global cryptocurrency market to experience a minor correction. More to that, the government has stated since December 14 of last year that foreigners will not be able to trade cryptocurrencies in the local market.  What Happens to the Market?  Currently, the South Korean cryptocurrency market has disabled local investors from opening new accounts. Only investors that have opened accounts prior to January 2018 are able to trade. By the end of January, cryptocurrency exchanges in South Korea will begin accepting new users and opening accounts for investors.   It is likely that by the end of this month, within the next two weeks, a wave of investors from the traditional finance market will invest in the local cryptocurrency exchange market, causing volumes to spike and the value of cryptocurrencies to increase.  In the short-term, within the next few days, the cryptocurrency market could continue to slump considering that historically, cryptocurrencies have tended to perform poorly in the beginning of the year, due to the Chinese new year.   During the Chinese new year celebrated by China and South Korea, the majority of people in the two countries send money overseas or domestically, withdrawing money from their bank accounts and cryptocurrency holdings.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Tether ’s Relationship with Auditor  ‘Dissolved ’: Reports Twitter  Embattled cryptocurrency startup Tether has reportedly severed ties with Friedman LLP, an accounting firm hired to audit the company’s balance sheet.  Tether ’s Relationship with Auditor  ‘Dissolved ’  Tether, the issuer of the  dollar-pegged USDT token , had contracted with Friedman to verify that the nearly 2.3 billion USDT in circulation are fully-backed by real dollars stored in Tether’s bank accounts.  Now, though, the two firms have parted ways.  “We confirm that the relationship with Friedman is dissolved,” a Tether spokesperson reportedly told  CoinDesk .  Neither Tether nor Friedman LLP immediately responded to CCN ’s requests for comment.  However, the Tether spokesperson reportedly CoinDesk that Friedman was not completing its audit in a “reasonable time frame.”  “Given the excruciatingly detailed procedures Friedman was undertaking for the relatively simple balance sheet of Tether, it became clear that an audit would be unattainable in a reasonable time frame. As Tether is the first company in the space to undergo this process and pursue this level of transparency, there is no precedent set to guide the process nor any benchmark against which to measure its success,” the spokesperson explained.  USDT Looms Larger in Cryptocurrency Ecosystem Despite Lack of Audit  Days earlier, pseudonymous Tether critic Bitfinex’ed said that he was “ pretty sure ” that the “auditors ran for the hills, ” purportedly because he believes Tether is printing USDT  “out of thin air. ” He has argued that Tether and Bitfinex  — one of the world ’s largest cryptocurrency exchanges  — are artificially inflating the bitcoin price to cover up Bitfinex ’s alleged insolvency.  Bitfinex has called such claims  “patently false ” and has  threatened to pursue legal action  against  “bad actors, ” although it did not mention Bitfinex ’ed by name.  In any case, the dissolution of Tether ’s relationship with Friedman LLP is likely to intensify criticism of USDT, which plays an increasingly large role in the cryptocurrency economy through cryptocurrency exchanges, where it often serves as a substitute for US dollars.  Julian Hosp, co-founder of cryptocurrency startup TenX, recently listed the uncertainty surrounding USDT as a potential  “ trigger ” for a cryptocurrency market crash. He predicted that if Tether is operating a fractional reserve  — the probability of which he pegged at 10 percent  — it could lead to an immediate 10 to 15 percent market decline.  Other analyses, such as the anonymously-authored  “ Tether Report ”  — forecast that a USDT-induced crash could ultimately reduce the Bitcoin price by as much as 80 percent.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Chinese Finance Association Cautions on Overseas Cryptocurrency Trading, ICOs Twitter  China’s internet finance association is warning citizens against participating in overseas cryptocurrency trading and initial coin offering (ICO) investments.  The National Internet Finance Association of China (NIFA), a major self-regulated internet finance guild has issued a new  public notice  urging investors to be wary of risks involved in cryptocurrency trading on overseas platforms. Chinese authorities, led by the People’s Bank of China (the country’s central bank), issued  a sweeping ban  on ICO’s in September 2017 and ordered the shuttering of domestic cryptocurrency exchanges. Highlighting the regulatory clampdown, NIFA claims it has “monitored” individuals and institutions in China who continue to operate in the cryptocurrency space by trading on overseas trading platforms.  “In this context, domestic investors will face certain risks in moving to overseas platforms to participate in [cryptocurrency trading] transactions,” read an excerpt from the notice.  The notice went on to add:  “Investors should be alert to risks from overseas ICOs transactions as some of the transaction platforms have been shut down and others restricted from logging on. As there are no specific regulations overseas ICOs transaction platforms face risks in system security, market manipulation and money laundering. ”  NIFA, a self-regulatory organization established by the People’s Bank of China (PBoC) in recent years, further added that individuals and entities in the country are continuing to participate in over-the-counter transactions supported by the likes of domestic social platforms and several non-bank payment agencies. These operators are partaking in cryptocurrency transactions tha t are “obviously inconsistent with current policy and regulations,” the NIFA notice added.  NIFA’s notice comes within a fortnight of widespread reports pointing to Chinese financial authorities  weighing up measures  to block domestic access to cryptocurrency trading platforms globally.  A leaked internet memo from a government meeting had PBoC vice governor Pan Gongsheng pressing the government to enforce a total ban on centralized cryptocurrency trading. The central bank official also called on China’s internet regulator  – one among several regulators and legislators in the meeting – to censor Chinese citizens from international cryptocurrency exchanges and domestic mobile applications enabling centralized trading services, amid concerns of the yuan ’s capital flight.  “The vast majority of investors should be aware that all these acts of providing services for “virtual currency” transactions are subject to policy risks,” NIFA’s notice reminded cryptocurrency traders and investors.  Yuan coins image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Starbucks Chairman Interested in Cryptocurrency Market, Just Not Bitcoin Twitter  Howard Schultz, who recently revealed an ambitious 30,000 square-foot Starbucks Roastery in Shanghai in partnership with Alibaba, expressed his enthusiasm towards the cryptocurrency market.  Cryptocurrency For Retailers  In the next few years, Schultz stated that he believes several legitimate cryptocurrencies will emerge, endorsed and adopted by retailers.  He said:  “I personally believe that there is going to be a one or a few legitimate trusted digital currencies off of the blockchain technology. And that legitimacy and trust in terms of its consumer application will have to be legitimized by a brand and a brick and mortar environment, where the consumer has trust and confidence in the company that is providing the transaction.”  Schultz emphasized that Starbucks is not interested in creating a cryptocurrency of its own, unlike several conglomerates in the technology and finance sector. Since the value of cryptocurrencies come from the decentralized nature and security value of public blockchains, the development of a company-specific cryptocurrency would be highly inefficient.  But, Schultz and Starbucks are awaiting for a cryptocurrency that large-scale retailers are willing to embrace as a payment method that is also easily accessible by the public.  Last week, $9 billion payments company Stripe reaffirmed its optimism towards cryptocurrencies launched on top of Ethereum that are optimized to handle payments for retailers, like OmiseGo. The Stripe team stated:  “OmiseGO is an ambitious and clever proposal; more broadly, Ethereum continues to spawn many high-potential projects. We may add support for Stellar (to which we provided seed funding) if substantive use continues to grow.”  Last year, OmiseGo secured a partnership with McDonald’s Thailand, to process payments for the McDonald’s online delivery platform. Although many cryptocurrencies in the market are being used for payments, Schultz reaffirmed that he does not see bitcoin becoming adopted as a currency in the future.  “Well, I think I have another question for you: Twenty or so years later, and the question is, the issue of do you understand and are you anticipating what could happen with cryptocurrencies? And the reason I mention this is not because I’m talking about Bitcoin, because I don’t believe that Bitcoin is going to be a currency today or in the future,” Schultz added.  Bitcoin Adoption in Japan  In Japan, bitcoin is already well-adopted by retailers. The country’s largest electronic retailer Bic Camera, leading budget airline Peach, and hotel chain Capsule have been accepting bitcoin since mid-2017, almost immediately after the Japanese government legalized and approved bitcoin as a currency.  Bitcoin is being used as a peer-to-peer currency in many regions outside of Japan as well. In South Korea and the Philippines, bitcoin is frequently utilized as a remittance method to send payments from one country to another.  Schultz declined to comment on his pessimistic stance towards bitcoin but based from his comments, it is likely that he is concerned with the congestion of the Bitcoin network and its fees, like Stripe and other companies in the traditional finance sector.   In the long-term, innovative scaling solutions could allow bitcoin to function as a stable and an efficient digital currency.  Featured image from Flickr/ University of Denver .  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Won’t Do a Lehman Collapse: Singapore Central Bank FinTech Chief Twitter  The financial technology chief of Singapore’s central bank does not foresee a scenario where bitcoin would trigger a global financial meltdown akin to the 2008 collapse of investment bank Lehman Brothers.  In an interview with  Channel News Asia , Sopnendu Mohanty – chief of financial technology at the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the country’s central bank, opined bitcoin will not cause a global financial crisis in the event of a price collapse. The central bank official insisted global regulators are “getting serious about this whole cryptocurrency market”, suggesting authorities would step in with regulations wh en bitcoin markets continue to grow globally.  He stated:  We know exactly when to intervene, based on the market size and the demand and transaction volume, and we will come in at the right time. So, I’m not overly worried about getting to some large financial system crisis.  Specifically, Mohanty pointed to consumer protection regulations to address ‘the hype’ surrounding cryptocurrency markets.  Singapore, long seen as a technology-forward society, has emerged as a global FinTech hub and has  – through its central bank  – had plenty to say about cryptocurrencies, blockchain technology and ICOs (initial coin offerings) recently.  After taking a largely hands-off stance on decentralized cryptocurrencies like bitcoin over the years, Singapore’s central bank  cautioned  the general public against cryptocurrency investments in December, at a time when bitcoin price was trading at all-time high near $20,000.  In October, the head of Singapore’s central bank insisted that bitcoin itself  didn’t need any oversight  as a cryptocurrency. Instead, MAS chief Ravi Menon insisted a regulator’s focus ought to be on the abuse of cryptocurrencies for illicit financing and other illegal activities. “So, those [regulatory] requirements apply to the activity around cryptocurrency, rather than the cryptocurrency itself,” Menon said at the time.  Further, the central banker insisted that cryptocurrencies had wider applications in addition to their use as a store of value.  The MAS chief said:  If it [cross-border remittance] was going through a blockchain using cryptocurrencies, it could yield benefits. That ought to be the question, rather than whether bitcoins or ether are going up in value or not.  After issuing  a public advisory  urging the public to be diligent in investments into initial coin offerings (ICOs) in August, the central bank  released official guidelines  for ICO operators in November.  Featured image from Flickr/ sachab .  
DECREASE	   IMF’s Lagarde Says That Bitcoin Mining Consumes Too Much Electricity Twitter  Bitcoin mining is too energy intensive  — that’s the message that International Monetary Fund (IMF) Managing Director Christine Lagarde has for advocates of the flagship cryptocurrency.  Bitcoin Mining Too Energy Intensive: IMF Director Lagarde  Lagarde, who was speaking from Davos at the World Economic Forum, said that Bitcoin mining is an “energy angry” industry, a factor that the IMF finds concerning.  “The Bitcoins mining, which is this accelerated and augmented use of computers to actually determine the value and incentive the functioning of the mechanism, is energy angry,” Lagarde said in  Bloomberg TV  interview. “And we figure that in 2018 if it continues that system will actually consume as much electricity as Argentina.”  According to Bloomberg, the Bitcoin mining industry ’s collective power consumption tripled in 2017, reaching a peak daily usage of 43 GWh in December.   Many analysts and environmentalists have sounded the alarm on the industry ’s power usage, and Lagarde said that it has turned in to a  “big concern ” given that the world is already battle climate change.  “In times of climate change and when we look at how much coal is being used in some Chinese provinces to actually mine Bitcoin it’s a big concern,” she concluded.  However, despite such clarion calls, other analysts have said that the industry ’s energy consumption has been overblown. Last week, a  Credit Suisse report  said that although miners ’ electricity usage will increase as long as the practice remains profitable, actual projections are a  “far cry from the power and environmental Armageddon that some have feared. ”  Blockchain  ‘Fascinating, ’ But Bitcoin Has a  ‘Dark Side ’  But, as she has on many occasions, Lagarde sought to separate the “technology that is underneath” cryptocurrency from Bitcoin itself. This technology, she has said in the past, will bring “ massive disruptions ,” a prediction she reiterated in the present interview.  “What is fascinating about [cryptocurrencies] is the technology that is underneath, this distributed ledger technology that guarantees identification, trustability, authentication of transactions, without intermediation, I think that was the dream of the original Bitcoin inventors,” she said, perhaps without knowledge of Bitcoin’s genesis block.  Lagarde noted that a myriad of central banks have begun to experiment with how to integrate distributed ledger technology (DLT) into their own operations, without sacrificing the authority to control and issue new units of currency.  Public cryptocurrencies, however, have another dark side beyond their massive energy consumption, Lagarde claimed.  “The anonymity of it is likely to facilitate money laundering, dark money moving around, and things that no one is happy about, if we are looking for financial stability and transparency of financial transactions, so that’s the dark side,” she said.  In response to this threat, the IMF recently called for  international collaboration  on regulating cryptocurrencies, joining similar entreaties from financial regulators in a variety of G20 nations.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Coincheck Hack May Lead to On-Site Inspections of Other Japanese Exchanges Twitter  Japan’s Financial Services Agency (FSA) said that it may conduct on-site inspections of other domestic cryptocurrency exchanges in response to last week’s Coincheck hack.  Japanese Regulators May Inspect Other Exchanges in Wake of Coincheck Hack  The FSA, the regulatory body which oversees cryptocurrency exchanges in Japan, made this announcement during a press conference on Monday, according to a report from  Reuters .  As CCN  reported , the Coincheck hack, which was confirmed on Friday, is believed to have been the largest cryptocurrency exchange theft in history, eclipsing even the infamous Mt. Gox theft.  Because Coincheck kept most of its funds in internet-connected “hot wallets” rather than in offline “cold wallets, which are more secure, the hacker was able to  steal approximately 523 million XEM   — the native token of the NEM network  — worth $530 million at the time of the theft.  The gravity of the theft left many wondering whether the FSA would strengthen its oversight of the country’s other cryptocurrency trading platforms, and the revelation that it may conduct on-site investigations at other exchanges appears to confirm that it will.  In addition to ramping up its oversight of the nascent cryptocurrency trading industry, the FSA also ordered Coincheck to  enhance its security policies  and submit a report detailing the reason for the hack and measures to prevent it from reoccurring in the future. The exchange must fulfill these obligations by February 13.  Coincheck to Partially Reimburse Customers, and NEM Won ’t Fork  Coincheck has also said that intends to  partially reimburse 260,000 customers  who lost funds as a result of the hack. In all, the exchange will pay out 46.3 billion yen at a rate of 88.549 yen per XEM, which is a roughly 20 percent decrease from the estimated 58 billion yen worth of funds stolen. However, the company has provided a detailed payment plan for this compensation.  Notably, although the hack appears to have been isolated to Coincheck’s NEM wallet, the NEM Foundation has stated that it will not conduct a hard fork to recover the stolen funds. Rather, it has created an automated system that will follow and “tag” the stolen XEM tokens so that exchanges and other currency converters will be able to identify them and refuse service to the hack er.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘Bitcoin is a Fork, Bitcoin Cash Is the Original Blockchain,’ Claims NIST Report Twitter  The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) has published a draft of its blockchain technology primer, and  — consciously or not  — it takes a controversial stand on the Bitcoin scaling debate.  As currently written, the 57-page “ Blockchain Technology Overview ” (Draft NISTIR 8202), which was published by the institute’s Computer Security Resource Center (CRSC), claims that Bitcoin Cash  –not Bitcoin  — is the original blockchain created by Satoshi Nakamoto.  “When SegWit was activated, it caused a hard fork, and all the mining nodes and users who did not want to change started calling the original Bitcoin blockchain Bitcoin Cash (BCC),” the document states. “Technically, Bitcoin is a fork and Bitcoin Cash is the original blockchain. When the hard fork occurred, people had access to the same amount of coins on Bitcoin and Bitcoin Ca sh.”  Clearly, this overview presents some factual errors. While advocates may claim that “ Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin ” and that the state of the original blockchain diverges from Satoshi’s original vision for the cryptocurrency, there is no hiding the fact that Bitcoin Cash  — not Bitcoin  — was created through the August 1 hard fork.  Additionally, the NIST report erroneously claims that  Segregated Witness  (SegWit), a scaling solution activated on the Bitcoin network in August, was implemented through a hard fork, which would have made SegWit-enabled software clients incompatible with older software versions. In actuality, SegWit was activated through a soft fork, meaning that it is compatible with legacy Bitcoin software.  Indeed, aversion to activating a hard fork on the main blockchain without ample testing is one reason that  SegWit2x   — a proposal which would have raised Bitcoin’s block size to 2MB in concurrence with the activation of SegWit  — failed to garner sufficient support and was ultimately called off by its chief advocates.  The NIST is accepting  public comments  on the draft until February 23. Given the present state of this  “high-level technical overview, ” one expects that the institute will receive quite a few.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Atom: Exchange Disrupter? Twitter  Bitcoin Atom  (BCA) cut itself from the original Bitcoin blockchain in another controversial hard fork (a hard fork is a permanent software divergence from the previous version of the blockchain). Bitcoin Atom introduces the Atomic Swap as a means to potentially disrupt the current exchange-based buying and selling paradigm.  Atomic Swaps  The new technology allows owners to exchange their Bitcoin Atom for another currency without the use of an exchange. This effectively removes the middleman from the equation and reduces transaction fees for the user. An atomic swap is a simple two-step process that involves placing an order inside your node and then receiving your exchanged cryptocurrency. In this case, the exc hange either happens or it does not. Anxiety is reduced because transactions are not in the hands of an exchange, whereby having more parties involved, increases the likelihood of an error occurring and also incurs trading fees.  Additionally, Bitcoin Atom promises to have lightning network swaps to allow instant transactions and cost-effectiveness for small payments. Making a small payment with Bitcoin not worthwhile because the transaction fees have ballooned to the double digits.  Decentralization to the fullest   Atomic swaps support the notion of a decentralized trading system because the exchanges are centralized, and this centralization and control over trading via accounts creates reliance on the exchanges, which essentially takes the entire decentralization concept that cryptocurrency offers and refutes it by giving control to the exchanges. Exchange users give up privacy and contr ol of their assets. For example, an exchange does not support a new forked coin –as it happened with Coinbase and Bitcoin Cash when it was first forked –and account holders might not be able to receive their forked coins.  Hybrid Consensus   Bitcoin Atom uses a hybrid consensus model that combines Proof of Work (POW) and Proof of Stake (POS) to increase network stability and reduce the power of the miners. The above different algorithms are used to reach consensus or agreement, transaction validity before it is added to the blockchain, this is part of the mining confirmation process.  What is a fork?  Over a short period with two major hard forks, Bitcoin has seen its share of controversy. Forks happen because miners and software developers attempt to solve problems with the current blockchain technology. On one side of the fork is the new, upgraded blockchain (in this case: Bitcoin Atom), and on the other side of the fork is the old path (the original Bitcoin). There have b een several hard forks over the past year, each creating a new version of Bitcoin that circulates alongside the original. In 2017, two separate hard forks created Bitcoin cash, the most famous/infamous, and lesser-known Bitcoin Gold. Each with their own unique features. For example, Bitcoin Cash has larger block sizes and can process transactions faster and for lower mining fee s. Bitcoin Gold is easier to mine with any GPU.  Atomic Power Drives Innovation  At first Bitcoin Cash was seen as a “digital dividend” with no real potential but then gained enough value to become the third largest currency by market cap. After Bitcoin Cash broke down the door and the market is maturing, Bitcoin Atom has some great potential with its technology offerings to take gain acceptance and possibly disrupt the current exchange-based buying and sel ling of cryptocurrencies.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   The Google Effect and Bitcoin Price Parallels Persist  Twitter  If you want to know where the bitcoin price is headed, just ask Google. Datatrek Research ’s Nick Colas, an early analyst to track bitcoin,  suggested to CNBC  that the key to unlocking bitcoin ’s next rally is to observe Google search and the ensuing digtal wallet creation, both of which have been on the decline in January amid a bevy of negative developments (exchange and wallet hacks, etc.) The bottom line? Google searches for bitcoin and wallet creation for the cryptocurrency this month compare poorly with December results.  Colas is not the first analyst to make the connection, with  ARK Invest ’s Chris Burniske previously  pointing to a BTC/USD exchange rate that clearly reflected Google search trends. Burniske referred to it as  “a virtuous Satoshi cycle, ”  evidence for which traces back to at least August 2017. Incidentally, today, a Google search of  “bitcoin ” yielded me 341 million results. Meanwhile, Colas said to CNBC:  “By looking at the number of people who search for the word  ‘bitcoin ’ on Google, which has roughly a 60 percent market share of search globally, we get a pretty good sense of where the interest is, ” adding:  “The data does show exactly the same price trends that we saw for the past 90 days. ”  Fewer people have been searching bitcoin, and that waning interest is being reflected in the bitcoin price, which is currently trading in the $10,000  – $12,000 range compared to nearly a $20,000 bitcoin price in December. Colas concludes that interest levels as determined by Google searches show definite support for bitcoin ’s  “breakouts ” and  “pullbacks. ”  Santa Claus Rally  Need further proof? In the United States, during the Thanksgiving holiday through Dec. 17, Google searches for bitcoin were the catalyst for the creation of bitcoin wallets to store the cryptocurrency. Colas says search trends  “skyrocketed ” during the period, rising more than twofold in a couple of weeks alongside the bitcoin price, to nearly $20,000. Of course, the strength in the bitcoin price didn ’t persist, and neither did the Google search demand, which showed a tapering off in the days following the bitcoin price high.   Another popular search term during the holidays was,  “ buy bitcoin with credit card , ” which incidentally  Discover has addressed of late , dashing cardholders ’ hopes of trading bitcoin or any altcoin for that matter with their credit or debit card.  The reasons behind the weakening bitcoin search activity on Google are unclear, but the remedy could just be more positive developments out of the space, the details for which can be tougher to predict.  “From this point on, we just have to look for the beginnings of good news that will re-accelerate wallet growth to make the thing go higher, ” said Colas.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Drops 4% as Cryptocurrency Market Struggles in Recovery Twitter  The price of bitcoin has dropped by 4 percent earlier today, on January 29, as the entire cryptocurrency market struggled to recover from its previous corrections. Other major cryptocurrencies like Ethereum, Cardano, and Stellar have also fallen by small margins, in the 3 to 5 percent region.   Bitcoin’s Performance  The slump in the performance of bitcoin is not exclusive to bitcoin. Most of the cryptocurrencies in the market have struggled to record large gains since late December, when the valuation of the cryptocurrency market declined by more than 30 percent.   Bitcoin remains as one of the few major cryptocurrencies apart from Ethereum to have not recorded a 50 percent drop from its all-time high. Others, like Ripple and Bitcoin Cash, have declined by nearly 60 percent from their all-time highs established in early January.  Although the price trend of bitcoin suggests that the cryptocurrency has been performing poorly in terms of user activity and adoption, several leading conglomerates in the global finance sector have started to integrate bitcoin into their existing infrastructures.  Most recently, Robinhood, the US-based financial services company that allows individual investors to invest in the stock market, announced that it is launching a bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange, allowing investors in the traditional finance market to trade in the cryptocurrency sector.  Robinhood’s cryptocurrency trading platform is expected to debut in February. But, more than 998,000 users have already signed up to gain early access to Robinhood’s cryptocurrency trading platform. That is, nearly 10 percent of the user base of Coinbase.  This week, several hedge funds have also expressed their optimism towards the short-term trend of bitcoin, given the increase in long contracts in the bitcoin futures market. Previously, there were unconfirmed rumors in the market that whales or institutional investors in the finance sector sold massive amounts of bitcoin to cash out short contracts, in an attempt to deliberately lower the price of bitcoin.  Adoption by Retailers  Today, CCN reported that WeMakePrice, one of South Korea’s largest e-commerce platforms, have started to integrate 12 cryptocurrencies into their existing system in partnership with Bithumb. Cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, EOS, and Qtum will soon be accepted by WeMakePrice, making them the first retailer in South Korea to accept cryptocurrencies.   The cryptocurrency market is struggling to reflect the rapid adoption of cryptocurrencies by retailers and large-scale conglomerates, which bitcoin skeptic Starbucks chairman Howard Schultz described as the single most important factor for the growth of the cryptocurrency market.  “I personally believe that there is going to be a one or a few legitimate trusted digital currencies off of the blockchain technology. And that legitimacy and trust in terms of its consumer application will have to be legitimized by a brand and a brick and mortar environment, where the consumer has trust and confidence in the company that is providing the transaction,”  Schultz said.  As major cryptocurrencies in the market continued to be adopted by major financial sectors and retailers, the valuation of the market could increase over the upcoming weeks.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Slips Into the Red as Robinhood-Fueled Rally Stalls Twitter  Cryptocurrency prices went south on Monday after Japan ’s Financial Services Agency (FSA)  announced  that it may conduct on-site inspections of domestic cryptocurrency exchanges in response to Coincheck ’s  $530 million hack . The Bitcoin price led the retreat with a five percent decline, and most other top-tier coins followed suit.  As a rule, Japan has been very welcoming to the nascent cryptocurrency industry, and favorable regulatory policies have enabled the country to become one of the ecosystem ’s central hubs.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Consequently, the prospect that Japanese regulators may take a harder stance against cryptocurrency exchanges could be a contributing factor to today ’s moderate decline, which reduced the  cryptocurrency market cap  to $565 billion.  Bitcoin Price Fails to Hold Above $12,000  Prior to the downturn, the market had been trading up on the news that stock trading app Robinhood plans to launch  commission-free cryptocurrency trading  in February for a limited number of customers  — a move that will likely present brokerage giant Coinbase with its first legitimate competitor and bring new investors into the marketplace.  Bitcoin Price Chart  On Sunday, the  Bitcoin price  peaked at $12,190, but it failed to hold above the $12,000 mark and sunk even lower on Monday morning. At present, the Bitcoin price is trading at $11,262 on Bitfinex, which represents a 24-hour decline of five percent and provides the most prominent cryptocurrency with a $189 billion market cap.  Ethereum Price Cools Off  The  Ethereum price  followed a similar trajectory, declining four percent to $1,181 following a  significant weekend rally  that had lifted it as high as $1,260. Ethereum now has a valuation of $115.3 billion, providing the second-largest cryptocurrency with a 20 percent share of the total cryptocurrency market cap.   NEO Makes Tepid Advance Despite Rocky Market  Altcoin prices generally tracked the market index on Monday, but two top-tier cryptocurrencies managed to post relatively strong performances.   The first of these was Ripple ’s XRP token, whose price declined one percent to $1.26. Despite this pullback, XRP posted the second-best performance among top-10 cryptocurrencies and outperformed the market by three percentage points.  Fourth-ranked Bitcoin Cash was not so lucky, as its price declined five percent to $1,653. Cardano ’s seven percent decline was worst among top 10-cryptocurrencies, but EOS and Stellar did not perform much better.  NEO, ranked eighth, was the lone top 10-cryptocurrency to post a single-day advance. The NEO price increased by four percent to just under $155, providing the token with a $10.1 billion market cap.  Litecoin ’s five percent decline forced it down to ninth in the market cap rankings, and NEM  — still languishing after $530 million worth of tokens were stolen in the  Coincheck hack   — declined six percent to $0.95.  Click  here  for a real-time Bitcoin price chart and  here  for the current cryptocurrency market cap.  
DECREASE	   South Korea ’s Largest E-Commerce Platform is Integrating 12 Cryptocurrencies Including Bitcoin Twitter  WeMakePrice, better known as Wemepu, one of South Korea’s largest e-commerce platforms, is integrating 12 cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, Ethereum, and Litecoin in collaboration with Bithumb, the country’s largest cryptocurrency exchange.  First Major Retailer and E-Commerce Platform in South Korea  According to local mainstream media outlets, WeMakePrice is cooperating with Bithumb on adding cryptocurrencies to its existing payments platform OneThePay. Once the integration is complete, existing WeMakePrice users will be able to purchase items and services using cryptocurrencies.  While Bithumb is leading the integration process of various cryptocurrencies into the system of WeMakePrice, users do not have to be registered with Bithumb to use cryptocurrencies on the WeMakePrice platform. Since cryptocurrencies will be integrated into its existing infrastructure, users can pay for goods using the same application.  In an interview with South Korean mainstream media outlet HanKyoReh, a WeMakePrice  spokesperson stated  that the company has come to the decision of integrating cryptocurrencies as a part of a larger initiative to ease the payment process for general consumers.  “Integrating cryptocurrencies is a part of our initiative to make payments more convenient for our consumers and clients. We consider mobile fintech apps, points, and cryptocurrencies as efficient payment methods,” said the spokesperson.  Another mainstream media outlet  reported  that the integration of cryptocurrencies by WeMakePrice is the first case in which a major e-commerce platform or retailer have decided to offer cryptocurrencies as a primary payment option to users.  In previous reports, CCN reported that the majority of South Korean investors and businesses in the local cryptocurrency market have started to demonstrate optimism towards the long-term growth of the sector due to the government’s decision to regulate the market.  The integration of cryptocurrencies by WeMakePrice show the enthusiasm towards the local cryptocurrency sector by many of the largest conglomerates in the country in various sectors.   Increasing Adoption  Yesterday, on January 28, it was reported that Japan’s largest consumer electronics retailer has begun to trial bitcoin payments. Yamada, which has become one of the two leading retailers in Japan apart from Bic Camera to integrate cryptocurrencies, partnered with Japanese cryptocurrency exchange BitFlyer.  The company’s official statement translated by Bitcoin.com  read:  “We will implement initiatives to improve bitcoin recognition and usage promotion. With the introduction of bitcoin payment service, we respond to the diverse needs of our customers both in Japan and overseas. We believe that we can provide improved service and convenience.”  This week, CCN reported that Starbucks chairman Howard Schultz claimed bitcoin cannot be a legitimate currency if retailers and major conglomerates are not willing to embrace it. In Japan, bitcoin is accepted by the country’s largest budget airline Peach, budget hotel chain Capsule, retailers Bic Camera and BitFlyer.  In South Korea, nearly every major conglomerate such as $10 billion NXC and leading Telecom SKT have significant stake in cryptocurrency businesses, and retailers have started to eye cryptocurrency integration.  As the adoption of major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ethereum grows, the entire cryptocurrency market will appeal to general consumers in the upcoming months.  Featured image from WeMakePrice.  
DECREASE	   UK Bitcoin Traders Robbed at Gunpoint Twitter  Two British Bitcoin traders became the victims of what local media outlets are calling the “UK’s first Bitcoin heist” after they were robbed at gunpoint by masked men and forced to transfer an undisclosed amount of cryptocurrency to the criminals’ accounts.  The incident  — which took place on Jan. 22  — occurred in the tiny village of Moulsford, Oxfordshire, where cryptocurrency trader Danny Aston and his girlfriend, Amy Jay, lived with their infant.  According to a report in  The Mail on Sunday , four men wearing balaclavas kicked down the couple’s door and took the couple’s baby outside while they forced Aston and Jay to transfer their cryptocurrency holdings.  Aston, 30, had reportedly executed more than 100,000 trades under the pseudonym “Goldiath,” and he and Jay, 31, jointly owned Aston Digital Currencies, a company they operated out of their home.  “No one was seriously injured during the incident,” the publication cites a Thames Valley Police spokesman as saying.  As of the time of writing, no arrests had been made, but police believe the couple was deliberately targeted. The report noted that, in Britain, crimes involving firearms are rare outside of the London metropolitan area and are often associated with organized crime.  The robbery is the latest in a disturbing trend of assaults targeting individuals associated with the cryptocurrency industry.  In December, New York resident Louis Meza allegedly  kidnapped a cryptocurrency investor  and stole $1.8 million worth of ether.  Later that month, an executive at cryptocurrency exchange EXMO was kidnapped in Ukraine and was  ultimately released  after he paid a $1 million ransom.  Just last week, three armed robbers entered Ottawa-based cryptocurrency exchange  Canadian Bitcoins  and attempted to force the employees to transfer funds to them. In this case, an employee in another part of the building was able to phone the police, who arrived before the suspects could complete the robbery.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   WWF Uses a Blockchain to Eradicate Illegal Fishing and Slavery in the Tuna Industry Twitter  The World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) has started using blockchain technology to stamp out illegal fishing in the tuna industry, making it the first of its kind.  According to an  announcement  from the organisation the transparency of the distributed ledger will prevent consumers from purchasing tuna from illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing in the Pacific Islands. Additionally, it will help to eradicate human rights abuses.  This is just another example of how the blockchain is being widely applied to different industries and not just the financial sector.  As part of the innovative initiative, WWF-Australia, WWF-Fiji, and WWF-New Zealand have teamed up with global tech innovator ConsenSys, information and communications technology implementer TraSeable, and tuna fishing and processing company Sea Quest Fiji Ltd. to deliver the project.  Sea Quest Fiji are being assisted by the companies to include the blockchain in order to track its tuna from the vessel to the processing facility to the distributor.  Simply by scanning a QR code on a tuna package via a smartphone app consumers will be able to see where and when the fish was caught, and by which fishing vessel and method.  Dermot O’Gorman, WWF-Australia CEO, said:  Bait-to-plate transparency using the blockchain will mean there is no place to hide for illegal, unregulated and unreported fishing or those operators who use slave labour or impose horrific conditions. Ridding the industry of these sorts of unsustainable practices will help protect fishers from human rights abuses and save the environment. This blockchain pilot is part of WWF’ s broader innovation initiative on how technology can help save the planet.  In the past steps have been taken to make fish catches traceable; however, relying on paper or web-based technologies to provide traceability have often failed. According to WWF, it ’s believed that consumers will favour this method of transparency through the blockchain as it gets adopted by the entire tuna industry, which in turn will help to wipe out illegal operators who also use slave labour.  Brett ‘Blu” Haywood, Sea Quest Fiji CEO, added:  Sustainable fishing ensures the longevity of the fishing business, and Sea Quest wants to see sustainable fishing in the region. This blockchain project with the three WWF offices certainly gives the industry the best opportunity going forward.  The WWF and Sea Quest are now seeking a retailer to partner in the project, enabling the completion of the tuna ’s traceability story.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   The Siacoin Question: To Fork or Not to Fork? Twitter  Forks have been a hot topic recently due to the debates that they spark, and the potential for a new digital asset to come from contentious decisions.  In a recent turn of events, the Sia community has been undergoing a bit of internal debate regarding whether or not to deploy a soft-fork that would bolster ASIC mining competition outside of the umbrella of Nebulous – the managers of the Sia codebase.  Nebulous Expands into ASIC Manufacturing  Sia, the brain-child of David Vorick and Luke Champine, initially released back in 2015 as a means to decentralize file storage by offering individuals the ability to rent out their unused hard drive space for compensation. The technology featured file encryption against hosts wishing to view stored data, file redundancy by spreading data to a wide range of hosts, and smart con tracts enabling payments between renters and hosts. The system protects itself against malicious actors by deploying a Proof-of-Work consensus that attracted plenty of GPU-miners.  On June 19 th , Sia  teased their community  by releasing what appeared to be a company logo with the text “Obelisk. Coming soon.” Just a few days later, Nebulous announced their plans to enter the ASIC manufacturing world, specifically through Sia ASICs created by their latest subsidiary named  Obelisk . They began their initial pre-sale and had a date pegged for their first shipment to be sent sometime before Summer 2018.  Bitmain Crashes the Party  Unbeknownst to the entire Sia community and Nebulous, ASIC manufacturer Bitmain was slowly working in the background to build a miner dedicated to Sia. Bitmain  announced the sales and shipment  of them on Twitter before Obelisk’s miners were able to hit the market potentially this quarter.  Vorick was quick to  respond to this move , by reminding the community of Bitmain’s actions in the past, and alerting them to a potential card up their sleeve: a soft-fork that would invalidate any ASIC other than Obelisk’s own.  We did add an extra feature to the SC1 unit that would allow us to invalidate the Bitmain hardware without invalidating the SC1. The community would need to choose to adopt a soft-fork (it ’s not something we could just magically activate, we have to change the hashing algorithm slightly), and then we could get rid of this cycle of Bitmain hardware.  However, Vorick did mention that he believes that a soft-fork  isn’t  in Sia’s best interests, but the team would act if Bitmain were to attack the network. He closed the remarks by assuring the community that Sia is not “in trouble,” and then opened the debate up to allow the community to respond to the situation.  Hash Power, New Players, and a Contingency Plan  After Vorick’s scrutiny, Bitmain immediately went on the offensive and  opened up  a pool branch on Antpool for Sia. They flexed their muscles by quickly jumping to over 200 TH/s before calming things down. At the time of writing, Antpool’s hashrate is around  3% of the Sia network . Siamining currently controls the hashrate majority with ~68%.  What the Sia community  and  Bitmain didn’t expect was another manufacturer capitalizing on the current drama by entering the playing field.  ASIC manufacturing company Halong Mining  also announced  a Sia ASIC miner of their own, boasting speeds of 3.33TH. However, the community remained a bit skeptical considering that an image  hasn’t been uploaded  of the actual product on their website, and the fact that Halong has yet to deliver on their sha256 miners.  The community began to get nervous over the next wave of competition quickly entering the scene, and discussions of forking continued to brew at an increased rate on both the Sia Subreddit and Discord channel.  A Reddit user by the name of  /u/slowtoaster  took matters into their own hands by announcing a fork that would maintain compatibility with all ASIC miners if the Sia team decided to render their competition obsolete. However, the semantics of the announcement seemed as though the Reddit user was looking to capitalize on the potential to profit off of a new coin rather than have it be an initiative for the community, as t he post leaned toward exchange support first rather than the necessity of the contention.  The Community Responds  An  open letter  penned by members of the Sia community surfaced six days after the events began rolling, detailing the situation from a protectionist standpoint. The letter leaned toward supporting the soft-fork option posed, which would invalidate Bitmain ’s hardware and other ASIC manufacturer hardware outside of Obelisk’s.  The letter also detailed the fact that if Bitmain released their miners just a month earlier, a scheduled hard-fork would’ve activated sooner than expected, leading to potential network issues. Although this in and of itself alleviates Bitmain partially of malicious intent, the Sia community had every right to question their motives due to the number of controversies surroundin g the company.  In their drive to maximize profits, they externalize costs to blockchain communities. However, communities are not obliged to accept this. Already, the Sia community is concerned with the prospect of Bitmain behaving maliciously by either mining enough empty blocks to disrupt the Sia network or by performing a 51% attack.  The petition campaign included with the letter has since  received 261 signatures,  and is calling for the fork activation in order to protect the network from any potential attacks from Bitmain. The campaign implores potential signees to first read the open letter before making any decisions in order to paint a picture of the current conflict.  Sia Responds – Fork as a Last Resort  Just two days later, Zack Herbert, VP of Operations at Sia,  penned his own response  to the community letter, as well as the situation at hand. The letter states that the company isn’t in favor of a soft-fork which would invalidate Bitmain’s hardware, simply because it would be a “centralized, monopolistic move” which went against the ideology of the project.  The team recognizes Bitmain as a “bad actor,” and leaves their motives in the general realm of working to ‘undermine’ projects they get involved with. The team also took a shot at Bitmain’s infamous ‘ Antbleed ,’ which was a backdoor built into their miners in order to keep tabs on their customers and potentially compromise rival operations. They did, in fact, point A3 owners toward “friendly pools” for mining such as Luxor and SiaMining to keep the network protected.  We are trying to build a storage layer for the internet. And we therefore cannot afford to damage our reputation and split the community when we are this young.  One of the more striking notes – also highlighted by a majority of readers on the article – let the community know that the Sia team will, in fact, soft-fork to invalidate Bitmain’s hardware if they take any action to “harm” the project. This action would exist outside of any form of consensus, leaving the custodians of the project to decide its fate rather than the community.  This also meant that the situation of whether or not the community would fork the project rested on the community’s shoulders alone, as Sia took a step back from the potential update.  To Fork or Not to Fork  Whether or not Sia is to undergo the fork to invalidate other ASIC miners still isn’t clear, but the internal team has drawn their line in the sand by threatening to deploy only if Bitmain was to attack the network. The team’s decision to err on the side of caution when it came to a fork to bolster their competition is a nod to the merits of competition in the space, and keepin g decentralized systems decentralized.  In this case, it will truly be up to the community to decide the fate of the fork. With enough hashpower, development, and exchange support, anything is possible.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cyberinsurance Providers are Coming for Cryptocurrency Exchanges Twitter  2017 was one of the worst years for hacking on record. We ’ve seen  reports  of unsolicited miner-ware installations generating millions of dollars worth of  Monero ,  Coincheck ‘s breach result in close to half a billion dollars in losses, ICO  phishing  scams, and much more. This cycle has repeated itself ever since  Mt. Gox  was breached in 2011. As anyone who follows the news knows, this trend is not exclusive to the crypto world. One journalist declared  “ 2017 Was The Year of Hacks. ” before predicting 2018 would get worse.  Cyber insurance historical data and projections from May of 2017.  This trend has led to the emergence of cyber insurance. In 2017 cyber insurance became the fastest growing type of insurance in the United States experiencing unprecedented growth in the double-digit percentages per year, in what was already a billion dollar market. This growth, combined with what are comparably large premiums has led to an insurance gold rush in the area.  As with  most other things  related to crypto, the cyber insurers ’ potential addition of blockchain has created tons of buzz. We ’ve previously  reported  on Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance ’s rollout of a small scale crypto insurance product in Japan. On a larger scale, we ’ve also  discussed   Coinbases ’ massive policy with Lloyds of London that covers the 2% of coins, which are not kept in  “cold storage ”. These policies are certainly the tip of what is becoming a fast-growing iceberg.  An Expansion of Cyberinsurance  U.S. Cyber Insurance Market Grows Amid Data Breach Concerns (PRNewsFoto/Insurance Information Institute)  With all the  insurance blockchain plays  currently being launched, including  one  by insurance giant AIG, it ’s a bit surprising how old-fashioned the crypto insurance market is. I have confidence an ICO or two will shake it up soon. In the meantime, the crypto insurance market seems to be almost an exact replica of the cyber insurance market. In 2016 AIG, Chubb and XL Group were  reported  as leading the Cyber insurance market. Today, AIG has already  said  they ’ve underwritten a few policies as part of an  “exploratory phase ” of what could be a much larger roll out. XL Caitlin and Chubb are also already selling crypto insurance.  Much like cyber insurance, the crypto insurance market needs time to mature. More importantly, insurance providers need data to refine their underwriting models over the next few years. It ’s certainly going to be a long process and much like cyber insurance, it all starts with risk assessments. Companies will have to undergo months of due diligence including extensive infrastructure reviews, third and (possibly) fourth party vendor security audits, and take expensive steps to ensure compliance with regulations surrounding data governance.  Obstacles Remain  Despite some of these policies being sold now, questions remain. For one, classic cyber insurance policies rely on the stability of fiat currency. If there ’s a $100 million stolen in a breach (excluding somewhat predictable legal fees, investigations …) the maximum amount the insurance company can pay out is $100 million. If, however, Bitcoin was insured in January of 2016, insurance companies would have to deal with price increases in the thousands of percent. To address this, many insurance companies will insure based on value regardless of price fluctuations (in the case of gold, for instance). The constant readjustments can lead to dramatic fluctuations in premiums that can prove intolerable to insurance underwriters and their customers alike.  Another issue, in both cyber insurance and cryptoinsurance, is that of phishing scams. If an  attack  on a companies DNS leads to cryptocurrency being sent to the wrong wallet, is the insurance company still liable? Shouldn ’t the customer have checked the SSL certificate to verify the identity of the server? All of these questions are being answered in cyber insurance and will have to be answered independently by the crypto insurance markets. Especially in light of the recent astronomic rise of phishing scams targeting crypto investors.  Despite the risk, insurance companies seem to be getting into this industry. Crypto insurance is likely to form an increasingly large part of the crypto insurance market. Its growth has been and will continue to be exacerbated by frequent hacks. It ’ll be exciting to see where this industry ends up.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Russian Engineers Caught Using State Supercomputer to Mine Bitcoin Twitter  Employees of the Russian Nuclear Center in Sarov have been caught using the facility ’s supercomputer to mine Bitcoin.  The two engineers managed to connect the offline machine to the internet, applying its ’ vast computational power to the Bitcoin network. However, it appears to pair did not get far. The RFNC-VNIIEF press-service  announced  that the operation had been  “timely suppressed ”, with Russia ’s Federal Security Service (FSB)  immediately beginning investigations after picking up unauthorized data from the device. No information was provided regarding the number of bitcoins successfully mined, or the identities of the accused.  The offenders will face criminal charges, according to the Russian  source . Due to the institution ’s government connection the pair will allegedly be accused of  “state-treason ”, although no information is available regarding the punishment this charge may imply.  Allegedly they have been released from detention on the condition that they stay within the country.  Tatyana Zalesskaya, head of the research institute press service, spoke with the Russian  source , stating that this was not the first occurrence of such a case:  “Similar attempts have recently been registered in a number of large companies with large computing capacities ”  This is perhaps unsurprising, with individuals drawn to do so by the sheer capabilities they offer. Supercomputers such as the one at the Sarov facility dwarf home mining rigs, enabling much faster block discovery  – and therefore greater rewards. Moreover, using institutional computers is made more profitable still by allowing miners to circumvent the notoriously high electricity costs.     The supercomputer in question is capable of one petaflop, or 1,000,000,000,000,000 FLOPS. FLOPS, (Floating Point Operations Per Second) are used to measure the performance of a computer ’s processor, and the unit petaflop is reserved for only the most powerful supercomputers. It has been operational since 2011, performing highly complex scientific calculations, and, as the most powerful supercomputer in Russia it would likely have been the most profitable for bitcoin mining. This is because mining is a process that forces machines to do computational work, sol ving hash functions in order verify that process transactions on the network. It ’s a process where the faster a machine can check  hashes, the more likely it is that it will be included in a block and be rewarded with Bitcoin, and in this digital race supercomputers have a clear and tantalizing advantage.     Sarov was home to theoretical physicist and Nobel laureate Andrei Sakharov, and is located in the Nizhny Novgorod region of the country. The state-owned facility, now officially closed, was until recently code-named Arzamas-16 and absent from maps.     Cryptocurrency mining is growing in popularity across Russia  – a nation that often avoids the central issue of keeping mining machines cool due to it ’s long and cold winters. It has become widely known, receiving endorsement from leader Vladimir Putin ’s aide Dmitry Marinichev, who has  publicly spoken  regarding the ease of setting up a mining rig. The notoriety of crypto in this country is clear, with Russia last October announcing plans to issue an official state cryptocurrency, the CryptoRuble, and adopting a lax stance on regulation.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
DECREASE	   What Are Stablecoins and Why Are They Poised to Impact the Crypto-Economy? Twitter  While the notion of a non-volatile, price-stable cryptocurrency is often bandied about in economic literature, there are numerous organizational and algorithmic roadblocks associated with this technology. “Stablecoins,” as they are called by the greater blockchain community, are digital tokens (much like Bitcoin and Litecoin) that are intended to provide measurable stability an d security.  According to  this article , these coins are “designed to be used as a unit of account and even as a store of value.” Digitally, these tokens would have extremely broad and substantial implications across the world of fintech.  “Stablecoins are what allow us to fully realize the promise of blockchain technology,” says  Cryptolinks . “Any application which requires a low threshold of volatility to be viable on a blockchain, consumer loans for example, simply cannot be denominated in a currency which fluctuates 10–20 percent in a day, like Bitcoin and Ether. If you’re using Bitcoin to send a remittance from one country to another, there’s a good chance that the price movement over the period of one block c onfirmation (how long it takes the blockchain to include your transaction) will be larger than the fees charged by Western Union or PayPal.”  The outstanding problem, however, is that no team has been able to develop a universally accepted stablecoin that does not compromise features of security or decentralization.  There are a few companies in the space making headway. For example, the  TrueCoin Project  is building a USD-backed stablecoin that is 100 percent collateralized, legally protected and transparently audited. The team comes out of Stanford, Palantir and Google; its backers include Founders Fund Angel, Stanford’s StartX and Blocktower Capital. TrueCoin has developed a legal framework for collateralized cryptocurrencies in collaboration with Cooley and Arnold  & Porter, and has a growing network of fiduciary, compliance and banking partners.  The TrueCoin project offers a much-needed alternative to Tether, a USD-backed stablecoin that has grown to over $1.5 billion but is widely distrusted by crypto exchanges and traders. Tether holds their fiat currency in a centralized bank account and does not offer legal protection for token holders. TrueCoin’s solution offers transparent monthly auditing, 100 percent collateral  in USD and enforceable legal rights for token holders, enabling the first trustworthy USD-backed stable coin. This is a massive upgrade for financial stakeholders who seek stability in cryptocurrencies.  TrueCoin leverages trusts to provide certificates of ownership of USD in a real set of bank accounts. Trusts are extremely flexible and robust financial vehicles that are often subject to daily auditing and complete legal protection for token holders under trust law. Serving as a more secure, distributed substitute for a single central bank account, trusts will empower near-ins tantaneous exchanges between tokens and fiat currencies, enabling real-world utilization.  Through TrueUSD, “users have access to a growing network of trust accounts, each managed by distinct professional fiduciaries. As users add or redeem USD in each trust account, the account will mint or destroy the corresponding tokens.” Thus, this innovative stablecoin can scale up by adding more bank accounts without increasing counterparty risk.  Stablecoins could quickly become the universally accepted, international currency of the future. They have the potential to empower everyone to take part in an evolving crypto-economy, without compromising security and freedom. If implemented at scale, they are poised to become a foundational component of the next-generation economy.  It will be interesting to see how different teams take on this technical and operational challenge of scaling up a stablecoin.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Colored Bitcoin Exchange Coinprism is Shutting Down Twitter  Users on the Coinprism platform have until March 31 to withdraw funds and redirect them to another wallet or export private keys. Dublin-based Coinprism, a wallet service founded in 2014 as an early blockchain startup, is closing down,  according to an alert  on the company ’s website. Both the Coinprism block explorer and the Coinprism API will be closed. According to the company, technology has evolved since their launch, making their offering obsolete in light of Ethereum ERC-20-based tokens, which drive many ICO tokens.  Users who hold funds in a Coinprism wallet are being advised by the startup to transfer their bitcoin and colored coins out of Coinprism and into another wallet  — or export their private keys  — by the end of the first quarter, according to an email obtained by CCN.  Coinprism was a platform fueled by a colored bitcoin wallet for the trading of digital assets, founded by Flavien Charlon. In the email, Coinprism offers some solace to its users, reminding them that bitcoin and colored-coin funds are independent of the Coinprism platform and instead reside on the blockchain. As a result, they will not disappear alongside the Coinprism exchange .  But the bitcoin and colored-coin funds can ’t be accessed without the use of a private key, and as a result, Coinprism is imploring users to export them.  Coinprism users should  visit this page  to begin the bitcoin export process Next, reimport them or  “sweep them into a bitcoin-compatible wallet ” (the process similarly works for forked coins including bitcoin cash) To keep color coin assets, you need an open-asset compatible wallet. Coinprism recommends Colorecore.  Meanwhile, the latest block transaction on the Coinprism website is dated for Feb. 11, 2018. But when attempting to create a Coinprism wallet, we were brought to a page informing users of the impending shutdown.  Coinprism website  The Coinprism Platform  Coinprism used  “colorized ” bitcoin to represent any asset that the user wanted to trade  — ranging from equity shares to a vehicle, gold or even a home  — on a blockchain-agnostic platform. The now-defunct company likened its color-coded digital coin system to the HTTP protocol of the internet, adding another layer to bitcoin that it said bolstered the applications for the cryptocurrency.  The writing may have been on the wall, with the startup not having updated its blog since 2016 and the latest tweets dating back to that year as well. Coinprism ’s Flavian has already moved onto greener pastures, according to his  LinkedIn profile , with the launch of Trezeo, which is a gig economy platform by which freelancers get paid. In its heydey, Coinprism had  inked a partnership with  the likes of Microsoft ’s Azure.  A Reddit user saw some red flags as much as a year ago when they were exploring various colored-coin companies.  Reddit  Other anecdotal feedback from Reddit users was that Coinprism customer service was  “lacking ” and that developers had abandoned its Open Assets protocol.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Harvard Geneticist Launches DNA-Fueled Blockchain Startup Twitter  Nebula Genomics will have its own coin and go head to head with Ancestry.com and Google-backed 23andMe. George Church,  a professor at  Harvard and MIT, is taking a different tack than his genetics testing rivals. He ’s developed a token-fueled system on the blockchain that monetizes DNA to incentivize members to participate in genome sequencing. It keeps personal DNA data in the hands of the individual  — not big pharma  — letting them choose if they want to share and monetize that data for research purposes.  Nebula is built on Blockstack and is driven by Ethereum smart contracts on the blockchain. The Nebula ecosystem is fueled by the Nebula token, which is the currency by which individuals pay for their personal genome sequencing and related data. Meanwhile, data buyers use the tokens, which they can purchase with fiat currency, to acquire access to DNA data.  Based on Professor Church ’s research, no other human genomics company even comes close to delivering on what Nebula Genomics can do  –  Nebula White Paper  Solving a Biological Problem  There are a host of benefits to the genome sequencing process, not the least of which involves family planning. Whole genome sequencing can reveal the risks of passing on a genetic disorder to a child. Meanwhile, DNA research also gives people the opportunity to  “take preventative action ” to prevent a disease, such as liver failure or cancer, from worsening.  Professor Church is looking to solve a problem in science surrounding  “small data quantities, data fragmentation, a lack of standardization and slow data acquisition, ” as per his website. He ’s touting features such as the decentralized nature of the blockchain, which in addition to slashing costs and bolstering privacy lets members own their own DNA data without any third parties.  Till now, the business model of these companies has been to separate ownership of the genomics data from the individual, giving everyone but the individual   — mainly DNA testing companies and the pharmaceutical industry  — a way to monetize the data.  For instance, the individual purchases a DNA kit from a shop such as venture-backed 23andMe and  85% of the time  agrees to share their personal genomics data for research purposes. Individuals are not only sharing their personal data but also giving up ownership rights to the company, in this example 23andMe, who then can profit from it via pharmaceutical industry-driven research.  DNA testing, however, has come a long way, from billions of dollars for human genome sequencing at about the turn of the century to hundreds today. Nebula offers genome sequencing for $1,000 and exome sequencing for $300, price points that are expected to drop as  “DNA sequencing becomes cheaper, ” as per the company.  According to Nebula, personal genome sequencing has the power to facilitate  “better diagnosis, disease prevention and personalized therapies. ” When used for research, the DNA data enables a more detailed classification system and new drugs,  “creating a genomics data market worth billions, ”  as per the white paper .  Professor Chruch points to open protocol that gives scientists the ability to  “aggregate standardized data ” across people and databases. It ’s unclear whether he plans on launching an upcoming ICO.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Records Minor Correction as Bitcoin and Ethereum Fall 10% Twitter  Within merely 24 hours after recording massive gains and peaking at $450 billion, the cryptocurrency market has fallen, recording a minor correction. Major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, and Bitcoin Cash all fell by over 10 percent.  Bitcoin and Ethereum Fall 10%  As CCN noted in yesterday’s report, in periods of extreme volatility, the vast majority of cryptocurrencies in the market tend to follow the trend of two major cryptocurrencies: bitcoin and Ethereum. This morning, the price of both bitcoin and Ether, the native cryptocurrency of the Ethereum network, fell by 10 percent, erasing gains made on February 10.  Ethereum peaked at $909 less than 24 hours ago, but throughout the rally, the daily trading volume of Ether across all major exchanges remained relatively low. Consequently, over the past 12 hours, the price of Ether declined from $909 to $793, stabilizing at $810. Given that Ether has experienced a steep decline in the past 24 hours, it is unlikely that the price of Ether woul d continue to decline unless it dips below $800.   The daily trading volume of Ether still remains low on major exchanges, and it is struggling to regain momentum.  Bitcoin has demonstrated a similar trend as Ether, dipping below $8,000 and falling to $7,950. Although it has gained back some of its losses, like Ether, it is testing the $8,000 region. Bitcoin also has low daily trading volume across major exchanges and thus, unless a short-term recovery is made, it is likely that the price of bitcoin will remain in the $8,100 region over the next 24 hours.   However, if bitcoin and Ethereum can recover swiftly in the short-term, as the price of Ether surged from $780 to $900 on February 10, both cryptocurrencies have the potential to rebound back to yesterday’s levels, especially if volumes can support their short-term momentum.  Mid-Term Trend  Earlier this week, Roc Nation, the company founded by Jay Z, the rapper, producer, and media mogul, invested in Robinhood, the US-based financial services company that is launching its cryptocurrency trading platform called Robinhood Crypto later this year.  Neil Sirni, the president of Arrive, a subsidiary company of Roc Nation,  stated:  “We believe in Baiju and Vlad ’s mission to make the financial markets more accessible and cost efficient for customers of all size. Robinhood will have our support as they execute the long-term vision of their company. ”  The official statement of Roc Nation emphasized Robinhood’s mid-term plan of operating a cryptocurrency trading platform and its vision to improve the accessibility of the financial market.  If the global stock market continues to remain volatile and the cryptocurrency market recovers in the short-term as it did throughout this week, it is possible that investors in the traditional finance market could eye cryptocurrencies as mid-term investment to hedge against the global stock market.   Overall, the market is showing some signs of mid-term recovery but the demand for cryptocurrencies and daily trading volumes of the market are not supporting the movement. For strong momentum to build up, daily trading volumes of major cryptocurrencies across large-scale cryptocurrency exchanges must remain relatively high.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
DECREASE	   Is the Wabi Team Over-Streched? Twitter  Recently, there has been a lot of hype surrounding cryptos newest utility darling,  Wabi . According to the  white paper , Wabi is a “digital cryptocurrency which supports Walimai’s anticounterfeit system and is backed by sales of products”. Walimai, in turn, is a company founded in 2014 in the wake of counterfeit infant formula scandal which left 300,000 victims hospitalized or dead in China. The companies clear  need for  a blockchain to create a reliable product along with its practicality in the rapidly growing Chinese market has made it a HODL for many cryptocurrency investors.  Indeed, the problem with Wabi has nothing to do with the product itself. The product is in active use around the world and has fueled revenue growth for  Walimai  through partner  JD.com  where consumers have given great feedback and shown a willingness to pay almost 20% more to make sure these products are safe. This traction is fantastic and has led to many-a-fundamental analysis praising the product.  The problem has nothing to do with the token itself. The problem with Wabi is the founding team ’s complete and utter disregard for their community and investors as well as a lack of focus on the part of their team. Wabi, unlike many other cryptocurrencies, has a founding team that operates as a corporation. It’s been almost 4 years since Walamai’s official founding and reportedly 6 since the founders started discussing the idea. Their corporate structure, strictly intern al communications prior to press releases, and communication cadences are firmly entrenched and not well suited to the cryptocurrency market.   Communications to the community and investors are infrequent and result in concern from the community as to whether anything is happening internally, what stage they are at in initiatives that they had clear deadlines on, and whether anything is being done on the product at all. Take for instance the Wabi  website . Prominent on the website is a timeline of the team ’s accomplishments. The timeline starts off in 2008 with the infant formula scandal and shows progress through September of 2017 where they show that the impressive milestone of “First sales at physical baby stores” was accomplished. However, their milestones after this date (coincidentally, also the date of the pre-sale) have been mute. The roadmap shows that milestones in November-December 2017 and December 2017 have not been completed yet.  This, combined with infrequent  medium updates  (compared to the weekly updated done by many other coins), and the failure to hit their self-proclaimed milestones causes me great concern.  Finally, and this is my most concerning discovery, their tech team would seem to include 2 very busy people:   The first is  Roman Tronenko , identified on their website as the Mobile Lead/Blockchain Architect. He seems extremely talented but appears to have executive positions at 4 different companies. He’s a Founder/CTO at  gogo.tattoo , an interesting project aiming to bring the blockchain to tattoos to ensure originality, connect clients with artists, and make portfolios permanent. He’s also a Senior Mobile Engineer at  italki , an online language learning platform that appears to have raised a $3,000,000 series A round. It ’s also purported to have 3 million users and 5,000 teachers. The companies  LinkedIn  says it has between 51-200 employees. Finally, he is the CTO at MDL, another interesting startup hoping to bring blockchain to talent sourcing. Their (Italki)  latest blog post  was about two weeks after Wabi’s. While this man is obviously extremely impressive, it causes one to wonder why he has so much on his plate. Is Wabi not lucrative enough? More importantly, why aren’t they paying even a single full-time software developer after all the money they’ve raised.  This brings us to our next developer,  Dmitry Korzhik , who has another extraordinarily busy schedule. Dmitry is listed on Wabi’s website as “Blockchain Lead” and on his own LinkedIn as “Blockchain Development Engineer”. Either way, it’s clear he’s supposed to be doing some of the programming onWalimai ’s array of products. This isn’t the first role on his LinkedIn, however. According to his own LinkedIn his primary role is “Product Development” at  Rocket ICO , a pretty awesome online startup incubator and investment platform. This ICO has raised over $1 million and is looking to raise $10 million in their token sale. As if this weren’t enough, Dmitry is also the “Chief Business Development Officer” at a company called  Mind development  which I couldn’t find much info on but apparently is a public company located in Minsk. Finally, he purports to be an IT Consultant at a company known as “Radiation Instruments and New Components LLC” which appears to be a company he set up to do consulting for engineering firms working on new projects. Once again, I have no doubt of this developers talents, but can’t help but question if he’s spread a little thin.  Finally, we have  Arthur Pinchuk  the “Software development team leader”. In my experience, this doesn’t usually mean he’s writing any code but we’ll include him here anyway. Much like Dmitry, Arthur’s first role is not listed as Walimai but as the “Board Director for IT Strategy” at Rocket ICO.  On this website, he’s listed right next to our friend Dmitry Korzhik, who’s listed as the “Head of Product Development” on the  Rocket ICO  website. On both websites, it sounds like he’s not doing much coding at all.  Wabi’s technical team concerns me. They’ve got milestones to hit which closely involve their tech team and an app which has just “previewed” on WeChat but not been shipped yet (indicating there is still much work to do). The teams lack of focus is disconcerting in a market where speed seems to be everything and competitors are entering every day. Added to the dearth of dedicated engineering talent is the lack of outreach, failure to hit milestones, and general lack of focus. Their PR team and as far as we know their business development people of which none are specified on their website consistently fail to capitalize on incidents like the  recent recall of baby food in 83 countries .   All of this has caused me to significantly shrink, but not completely get rid of my position in Wabi. I still have confidence in their core product offering, and that pressure from customers will force them to build a better more focused team. Until then, I’m going to HODL my remaining position.  Disclaimer: The views expressed in the article are solely that of the author and do not represent those of, nor should they be attributed to CCN. This article was originally published in December 2017  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   News Outlet Salon is Mining Monero as an Alternate Revenue Source Twitter  Salon is the latest company to utilize CoinHive’s Monero mining script on their website.  On Sunday, when readers utilizing ad-blockers visited popular news site Salon, they were faced with an interesting choice, foreign to the usual inquiry about disabling their ad-blocker. They could either disable their ad-blocker to continue to view content or opt-in to allow Salon to utilize their computer processing power to mine cryptocurrency. This is done using  CoinHive’s  embeddable script on their website, which is a JavaScript miner for Monero.  In a  blog post  published the other day, Salon explains that diminishing ad revenue due to ad-blockers has led them to seek alternative means of monetizing their content. They also see the power in utilizing computer processing power over  “reader ’s eyeballs ” for value-driven returns.  Salon is mining digital currencies (for our beta, Monero).  To do that, we are instructing your processor to run calculations.  Think of it like borrowing your calculator for a few minutes to figure out the answer to math problems, then giving it back when you leave the site.  Part of Salon’s pitch also included a very blockchain-positive spin, in which they frame their initiative as a contribution “to the advancement of technological discovery, evolution and innovation.” They continue in the post to explain how the script is only leveraged on their website, and isn ’t active after the user leaves the site. They also mention that user privacy is fully protected in the process, and by utilizing a cryptocurrency miner, less information is taken from users as opposed to traditional web advertisements.  The Ethics of Implementing CoinHive ’s Script  Salon has taken the more ethical route when implementing a cryptocurrency miner by allowing users to have the choice of whether or now they wish to disable their ad blocker, or lend their spare processing power to help secure the Monero network. Scandals in the past have mostly been driven by companies implementing CoinHive’s script without first alerting users of whether or not their processing power is being borrowed for the sake of the website making a quick bit of money on the side.  What originally drew attention to CoinHive was an experiment carried out by popular torrent index  The Pirate Bay  back in October when they were found to be using the script. Since then, malicious actors have leveraged the script in various forms of newly-named “ cryptojacking ” schemes, in which users are advertently duped into mining Monero for the propagators.  However, it isn’t just businesses that are leveraging CoinHive’s script to cover operational costs  – a few charities have begun to use it as well. Bail Bloc, a charity dedicated to ending domestic bail issues, CPU For Good which seeks to free enslaved individuals in Pakistan, and Mine For Charity have all implemented CoinHive scripts for their philanthropic ventures.  The approach Salon has taken has been quite transparent, and could be a great starting point for an ethical implementation of cryptocurrency miners on websites for revenue.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ShapeShift Gets Pulled Into BTC/BCH Debate Over Partnership With Bitcoin.com Wallet Twitter  ShapeShift, a cryptocurrency exchange, has been pulled into the Bitcoin Cash (BCH) versus bitcoin (BTC) debate by partnering with the @BitcoinCom wallet that exchanges BTC for BCH. ShapeShift has stated via a  tweet  there was a miscommunication in its latest announcement concerning its partnership with the @BitcoinCom Wallet. ShapeShift stands by its offering to provide its API integration services for the wallet, but it also stands by its position to refer to bitcoin as bitcoin, and not Bitcoin Core.  Some have criticized the marketing practices of Bitcoin.com regarding BCH.  Two days ago, ShapeShift announced that it has integrated its full API to support Bitcoin.com wallet user exchange between BTC and  BCH  and vice versa. It noted the Bitcoin.com wallet app became available in mid 2017 and more than 1.7 million wallets have been created on the platform. The ShapeShift integration expands the features in allowing the wallet’s users to exchange BTC for BCH.  Bitcoin.com ’s Position  Bitcoin.com, which provides a free wallet, states on its website that the Bitcoin Core network is in trouble due to high fees and slow transaction times, and that Bitcoin Cash (BCH) is the upgrade that solves these problems, and provides a guide for people to learn more about Bitcoin Cash. The website clearly states that it supports both BTC and BCH.  Roger Ver, who owns Bitcoin.com, applauded ShapeShift for making the exchange between BTC and BCH easy.  Ver has claimed that BCH is the same bitcoin that people used from 2009 to 2017 , and that it will eventually surpass BTC in popularity and market capitalization. He has incurred significant criticism for his repeated support for hard forks associated with the bitcoin block size challenge.  Also read: Bitcoin Cash will surpass bitcoin because of its  ‘formula, ’ says Roger Ver  BTC/BCH Debate Continues  Bitcoin Cash was created by a hard fork in the bitcoin blockchain on Aug. 1, 2017. There has since been some disagreement as to whether BTC or BCH is the original bitcoin blockchain.  The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)  recently released  a draft of a blockchain technology primer claiming that BCH is the original blockchain, a position that immediately drew criticism.  Some claim that the original bitcoin blockchain has diverged from Satoshi’s original vision for bitcoin. Others, however, claim BCH was created by the Aug. 1 hard fork and is therefore not the original bitcoin blockchain.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Internet Archive Sees Big Donations from Vitalik Buterin and the Pineapple Fund Twitter  Vitalik Buterin last week  donated  100 Ethereum to a digital media charity.  At current prices this equates to $93,469, however, the charity will receive $186,938 as  The Pineapple Fund  is matching all donations up to one million dollars. The recipient of the cryptocurrency philanthropy was the  Internet Archive,  a nonprofit digital library aiming to provide “universal access to all knowledge”. It’s 15 petabyte database includes three million books, as well as websites, software, film and other digital media. On top of its data storage, the archive is an activist organization campaigning for a free and open internet. They accept donations in a range of cryptocurrencies including; Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum and Zcash, and use crypto to pay employees.  This isn’t the first instance of Vitalik’s philanthropy. At the beginning of this month, the young developer  donated  $2.4m to Sens Research Foundation, a nonprofit which supports research projects at universities and institutes around the world aiming to tackle macular degeneration, heart disease, cancer, and Alzheimer ’s disease.  The donations follow twitter announcements from the end of last year regarding the state of the cryptocurrency space. Buterin expressed concern with cryptocurrency communities, with many highly focused on individual wealth, and spoke of the need to affect real-world change and positively impact upon people ’s lives.   
DECREASE	   US Regulators Talk Bitcoin ’s Generational Impact Twitter  As cryptocurrency evolves, so does its relationship with government.  While lawmakers in some countries seek to suppress a financial force they don’t understand, in the U.S., the reverse appears to have started to take hold, indicating an opportunity is at hand for a dialog between the industry and lawmakers.  In a Senate Banking Committee hearing this month on virtual currencies, the chairmen of the Securities and Exchange Commission and Commodity Futures Trading Commission asked Congress to  consider expanding federal oversight  over bitcoin. But they emphasized consumer protection without a heavy-handed ban on development of cryptocurrencies. In response, the jump in  bitcoin’s price  marked a gain of more than $2,000 in just over a day.  Shortly before last week ’s hearing, bitcoin fell below $6,000 to $5,947.40, its lowest since Nov. 13, amid a plunge in U.S. stocks. Many observers held their breath as the committee hearing began, expecting calls for a government clampdown on cryptocurrency trading.  But instead of fear, cryptocurrency investors reacted with glee.  The day brought a 26 percent recovery to bitcoin , while Ethereum managed to achieve a 30 percent return. Altogether, the cryptocurrency market cap surged by $89 billion, a 24-hour increase of 29%. Bitcoin has since been inching upward, currently hovering around $9,000.  Regulatory Issues Aren ’t Black And White  While regulation is often seen as a negative by cryptocurrency enthusiasts, companies hoping to make money in this area have been looking for more guidance on cryptocurrencies. Yesterday’s hearing indicates that time could be coming soon.  Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Chairman J. Christopher Giancarlo won the hearts of bitcoin enthusiasts with comments yesterday that appeared to be hat tips to the bitcoin community. Toward the end of the hearing, he contradicted the common misconception that bitcoin is riding the coattails of blockchain technology. He said that if there were no bitcoin, there would  be no blockchain.  Lawyers who work with companies involved in cryptocurrency expressed optimism after last week ’s hearing, expecting that government involvement will bring thoughtful – as opposed to overly onerous – regulation, according to  Barron’s .  Bitcoin ’s Generational Impact  Comments by Giancarlo and another banking committee chairman, U.S. Sen. Mike Crapo, D-Idaho, indicated the generational impact that bitcoin is having on some policymakers, as demonstrated in a  Streamable  video from the hearing.  Giancarlo, the father of three college-aged children, said he tried to get his children interested in the financial markets at an early age, only to realize he was fighting a losing battle.  “Something changed in the last year,” he said. “Suddenly they were all talking about bitcoin. They were asking me what I thought and should I buy it.”  “It strikes me that we owe it to this generation to respect their enthusiasm about virtual currencies, with a thoughtful and balanced response, not a dismissive one,” he said.  Crapo said he had similar conversations with his own children.  “This is an incredibly interesting but growing new area of financial challenge, particularly among my children and yours,” Crapo said.  The hearing touched on a broad range of regulatory concerns related to cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology, including ICOs, trading platforms, derivatives and exchange-traded funds (ETFs), and the assets’ perceived use to perpetrate financial crimes and subvert international sanctions.  The chairmen also said Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is bringing together several federal agencies to coordinate regulation of the fast-growing industry.  Also read:  Bulls are back in town; cryptocurrency market cap achieves $89 billion recovery  Regulatory Changes Needed  Both Clayton and Giancarlo expressed concern about the fact that cryptocurrency exchanges are currently regulated at the state level rather than the federal, and each reiterated that, at some undefined point in the future, Congress may want to increase federal regulators’ ability to oversee the spot markets.  Clayton continually shifted the conversation back to ICOs, noting that he has not seen an ICO that should not be classified as a security under federal regulations.  He also provided insight into why the SEC has resisted fund sponsors’ attempts to list bitcoin ETFs, explaining that because ETFs primarily target retail investors and are largely one-sided markets, rules governing their creation must be stricter than those for futures contracts, which are overseen by the CFTC. He said that if these rules are satisfied at a later date, the SEC  will then be open to reviewing its stance on Bitcoin ETFs.  While cryptocurrency was invented to prevent centralized control of currency, its mainstream acceptance largely depends on its ability to integrate with the existing financial ecosystem. Cryptocurrency enthusiasts have been urging the SEC to approve a bitcoin ETF. Such a vehicle would allow investors to trade in financial securities tied to bitcoins without necessarily owning b itcoins. SEC approval would bring massive amounts of financial resources to cryptocurrency.  Observers have noted for some time that for a bitcoin ETF to be approved , the cryptocurrency will need a regulated ecosystem.  The cryptocurrency industry should not waste its opportunity to learn more about what U.S. regulators are thinking.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Eyes $12,000 in South Korea as Demand For Cryptocurrency Market Rises Twitter  Bitcoin has built significant momentum over the past 24 hours, surpassing the $11,000 mark. The majority of alternative cryptocurrencies in the market have performed poorly against bitcoin, as the most dominant cryptocurrency in the market continued to lead a strong rally.  Against the US dollar, bitcoin has increased by nearly 8 percent since February 17, achieving $11,200. Apart from a few small cryptocurrencies such as Aion, bitcoin has been the best performing major cryptocurrency in the market.  Every top 20 cryptocurrency in the global market has recorded a loss against bitcoin in the past 24 hours, with Ethereum’s native cryptocurrency Ether demonstrating a 5 percent loss, Litecoin recording a 7 percent loss, and NEO recording nearly an 8 percent loss against bitcoin.   Throughout January, the cryptocurrency market experienced one of the worst corrections in history, as most cryptocurrencies declined by around 70 percent from their all-time highs (ATHs). Since early February, the cryptocurrency market has continuously recovered, but major cryptocurrencies with robust infrastructures, community support, and network effect have had an edge over other alternative cryptocurrencies.  During a recovery period, wherein new investors and traders enter the space as the market begins to see gains, cryptocurrencies with strong network effect such as bitcoin has a strong advantage over other alternative cryptocurrencies. Most investors who exited the market as the price of cryptocurrencies fell did it out of panic and fear.  Most investors that are entering the space now are experiencing FOMO, or fear of missing out. Hence, if FOMO is driving new investors into the scene, especially high profile and large-scale institutional investors, the go-to investment is bitcoin.  As investment advisor Ross Gerber said, the demand for bitcoin from Wall Street and big buyers has been increasing over the past week.  “Bitcoin $11,000. Had a talk with a huge investment management firm the other day. It didn’t take long till they started asking me crypto questions. Started taking notes. What do the coins do. How does it work. Trust me the big players are watching,”  said Ross.  South Korea  The demand for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies has been on the rise in the South Korean cryptocurrency market, as the “Kimchi Premium” reappeared on major cryptocurrency exchanges including Bithumb and Korbit. Although the premium is only about 2 to 3 percent, which is significantly smaller than its rates in December, at one point in February, premium rates disappeared in South Korea due to a lack of demand.  South Korea is an important market for alternative cryptocurrencies like EOS, Qtum, Cardano, Ethereum, and Ripple. South Korea’s cryptocurrency exchange market only accounts for around 6 percent of global bitcoin trades but for altcoins, the country remains as one of the largest markets.  UpBit, the only cryptocurrency exchange in the country that supports over a hundred cryptocurrencies, has consistently been the second largest cryptocurrency exchange in the global market, behind Binance.  Since the cryptocurrency market experienced a major correction in January, most analysts in the South Korean market did not expect the market to begin its recovery period in February. But, demand is already growing in the local market and analysts expect it to be reflected upon the global market in the next few weeks.  
DECREASE	   These Firms Are Milking the Cryptocurrency Markets for Astronomical Profits  — And You’ve Probably Never Heard of Them Twitter  What US cryptocurrency-related company makes the highest amount of legal revenue per employee? No, it’s not Coinbase, and  — unless you’re particularly tuned into the financial markets  — you’ve probably never heard of it.  That’s according to Tim Swanson, founder of tech advisory firm Post Oak Labs. Writing on  Twitter , the former R3 executive related a recent exchange in which he was asked this same question.  “I know there are a lot of headline numbers out there but the undisputed answer is this: OTC service providers such as Cumberland (DRW), Jump, [and] Circle,” Swanson replied, referencing three of the most prominent institutional cryptocurrency trading desks.  This may be surprising, as  Circle  is the only one of those firms that could be considered a household name  — but it ’s known more for its mobile financial services products than its role as an over-the-counter (OTC) liquidity provider.  These institutional trading firms do not make their revenue figures available to the public, but they quietly handle billions of dollars in volume on a monthly basis. DRW Cumberland, which entered the cryptocurrency space in 2014, said last November that it had made $20 billion worth of trades over the previous year, while Circle Trade’s website advertises that it processes more than $2 billion worth of trades per month.  Consequently, they may not bring in as much gross revenue as Coinbase, which reportedly  raked in more than $1 billion  in 2017. However, Coinbase and other firms that target retail investors face have much greater overhead  — and require much larger teams.  In December, a  New York Times article  said that Coinbase had 180 customer support specialists and that the company hoped to expand its customer support team to 400 by the end of the Q1 2018  — and these figures do not include the firm’s other employees.  Professional trading desks, on the other hand, generally have small teams but still manage large amounts of capital. Jump’s Bitcoin trading team is  reportedly  comprised of just 10 people. Cumberland, meanwhile, has a  15-person team  spread throughout offices in Chicago, London, and Singapore to ensure that its desk operates around the clock.  Additionally, Coinbase and other retail-focused firms are constant targets for fraud, while institutional trading desks serve a smaller stable of KYC-compliant clients with much deeper pockets. Circle, for instance, lists its minimum order size as $250,000.  Because of these factors, Swanson estimated that these trading desks bring in between $30 million to $40 million worth of revenue per employee, making them the burgeoning industry’s true cash cows.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Can Blockchain Technology Survive Without Cryptocurrencies? Twitter  The recent fluctuations in Bitcoin and altcoin prices has resuscitated the debate on cryptocurrencies functioning as a true store of value. After rising about $20,000, this dip in price had seen the most popular cryptocurrency slump to almost $6,000 before rising again and then trading around the $8,400 region as at the time of writing.  Rising and falling, and rising again  has been one of the usual characteristics of the Bitcoin and cryptocurrency price trend. However, probably due to the increased level of awareness and the literal monetary value of the current price dip, the anti-crypto campaigners found a reason to make loud their criticism of the technology.  Cryptos Have Been Predicted to Fail  Delivering his speech in London  on February 8 2018, Yves Mersch, Member of the Executive Board of the ECB noted that the wild fluctuations in the value of virtual currencies (VCs) mean that businesses pricing in VCs could find themselves with a large and detrimental gap between their actual price and their optimal price. He explains that when there is considerable uncertainty around how many goods and servic es an asset can buy in the future, or indeed whether it can be used to purchase anything at all, the asset becomes a poor store of value.  Another form of criticism and negative prediction for Bitcoin has come from the popular billionaire investor, Warren Buffet.  Buffet says that Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies are in a free fall, noting that he would never invest in any of them. He says:  “I can say almost with certainty that cryptocurrencies will come to a bad end”.  Some other critics have registered their opinions on the current dip in price of Bitcoin and altcoins, most of whom predict a bleak future for cryptocurrencies. However,  the dilemma  comes when some of them categorically condemn the idea of cryptocurrencies, but have a soft side for the underlying technology, blockchain. At this point, the question will arise if blockchain and cryptocurrencies can exist as separate entities, or whether it is possible for blockchain technology to thrive while the tokens upon which they are powered fail.  Current crypto Behaviour is normal  Michael Vogel, CEO of Netcoins does not share the opinion that the recent slump in price of Bitcoin and other altcoins signifies failure of the technology. Vogel notes that considering the developmental stage of cryptocurrencies, the volatility that is being experienced at the moment should be considered as normal.  Vogel says:  “I think for long term investors that bought one year ago or even six months ago, I ’d say they would be very happy with their return to date. Volatility is part of the crypto scene at the moment given that there are still years of growth ahead. 2015-2016 saw less volatility and thus more users were interested in using Bitcoin as a spendable currency in those days, however given how rapidly Bitcoin has surged in value I think it has made a lot of people realiz e the potential in Bitcoin as a store of value / digital equivalent to gold. ”  Vogel explains that pullbacks are part of a healthy trading and go against the notion of a crypto bubble, even as he insists that cryptocurrencies cannot be separated from Blockchain.  “Digital money has been attempted before, and the reason those attempts failed is due to not having the decentralization that blockchain offers” , he says.  “Blockchain and cryptocurrencies are intimately connected, and both technologies are destined for massive success and impact akin to growth of the Internet itself” .  Some Technical Analysis  Kumar Gaurav of Auxesis Group however considers the technical price analysis as he explains the Bitcoin price behaviour in recent times. Gaurav explains that the recent pullback only came after the Bitcoin price reached the hockey stick growth stage which was frequently predicted in past due to the slightly parabolic growth throughout its history, and is now back again at a les s drastic growth which is more in line with the past years. According to him, this that means  Bitcoin has stored at least the same value  for everyone who invested in it until just around 2 months ago.  Gaurav also notes that while in absolute terms this pullback is unprecedented which scared beginners or made sceptics feel confirmed, everyone familiar with the history of Bitcoin knows that in percentage terms it should not be a surprise at all and that it had in such situations always quickly recovered.  Blockchain or Cryptocurrencies  Gaurav elaborates that the distinctive consideration of Cryptocurrencies and blockchain in most quarters should be seen neutral, not based on ideology but simply on legal and practicality reasons according to where a cryptocurrency is possible and needed and where not.  In government for example, blockchain technology has many use cases in which it can help achieve better efficiency and transparency, which do not have anything to do with cryptocurrencies. Recently, the Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley acknowledged blockchain’s potential, stating that the Government will “explore the use of blockchain technology for ushering in digital econ omy”.  Kumar explains that Auxledger, the largest private ledger with 54+ million users onboard already, resulting of Auxesis Group ’s work with the State Government of India has custom plugins for different sectors which allow companies to adopt faster based on their needs. These solutions include a Distributed Ledger Protocol for financial institutions, Benefit Distribution Program for government bodies, Darwinsurance for Insurance settlement; Genuinity, an anti-counterfeiting program for supply chain and  Reservoir, which addresses issues of products availability.  Despite these solutions, Gaurav explains that had it not been for cryptocurrencies, we may have never seen the ongoing blockchain involvement throughout the institutions, as it was what sparked everyone ’s interest, and also as it created the wealth enabling the ongoing innovations in the industry since its beginning, even before traditional investors came in.  First there needed to be cryptocurrency as the first use of blockchain technology to enable further use cases. However interests over the past years have shifted away from mere cryptocurrencies to tokens representing anything, while being more transparent.  
DECREASE	   The 6 Types of Users in the Cryptocurrency World Twitter  Last year, Anton Rosenberg, a former employee of Russian social network Vkontakte  reported  that Telegram is going to launch ICO, as well as its own cryptocurrency and $1.2 bln token sale  according  to TechCrunch. Telegram founder Pavel Durov didn’t confirm this information, but he didn’t disprove it either. However, during an  interview  with Bloomberg, he says that Bitcoin still is a kind of «digital gold» and he feels optimistic about the cryptocurrency. He bought 2,000 BTC for $1.5 mln, which now is worth $17.3 mln.    Telegram is the main communication center for millions of people. And like in any real-life community, virtual communities feature their own roles and users that every project launching ICO faces. There are some basic psychological types of users that can be met at Telegram channel and in comments below:  An alarmist   Users of this type are notable for the highest activity in channels making themselves and others crazy. A panic-monger declares his eternal love to the project and all the users quite often, but immediately switches to anger at the first signs of problems. Basic vocabulary: I love everyone. HODL. I truly believe in the project. But on the other side: I want the refund and my coins back! I hate you! Give my money back! It’s a scam! A fraud! Everything’s gone! I had to listen to my mother! Run, you fools!  A man with “connections”   This kind of user usually demonstrates their knowledge in all world jurisdictions, connections in the CIA, the law courts, as well as with some presidents. Basic vocabulary: You’re in big trouble. I have reported everything to the SEC already (USA Securities and Exchange Commission). You may start panicking because the FBI is keeping an eye on you.  A Believer      It’s the major category of users in every crypto Telegram channel. They invest their own money not only to get the profit but because of their trust in the project and the team. These people are the core audience of every project who support and inspire the team. They are the most loyal followers of the product and the ones who display understanding and patience during the development. This audience is mainly represented by experienced cryptocurrency enthusiasts and analysts who read almost every message and monitor every reference in the media. They usually investigate all the issues on their own and sometimes share the answers with the others.  A reseller   This user comes to projects with one aim: to buy low and sell high. He doesn’t care what kind of product is under development, or what’s the idea behind it, or who’s on the team. He hardly ever reads Whitepaper. Basic vocabulary: When’s the listing? Come on, guys, hurry up! I can’t wait to see $100 for a token within a month.   Forever banned user   A user of this type always floods and gets banned for it each time. Then he creates a new account and starts all over again. Basic vocabulary: Why am I banned again? I invested 1 million dollars and got banned here. Why?   Sarcastic troll   A user who appears online once every month and asks the same questions every time:  “So, how are you doing here? Has the project collapsed yet? ” He disappears then and usually comes back a month later with the same questions and jokes.  Each token sale is unique. Telegram is not just another messenger. It means a lot to the crypto community. It’s like the blood circulatory system where thousands of ICO projects function nowadays. Telegram is not monetized at the moment, although it’s potential is quite high. Its ICO can become the biggest one in history. And there’s more to it: the whole world’s crypto community uses Telegram every day.   The author is Alexander Borodich, venture investor, Forbes contributor, CEO of  Universa.io.  
DECREASE	   Washington Post Executive Pivots to Blockchain Firm CEO Twitter  Jarrod Dicker  is the new CEO  of blockchain media company P.oet. Dicker is making the move to Po.et while departing from his position as Vice President of Innovation and Commercial Strategy at The Washington Post.  Career Accomplishments  Dicker believes  Po.et will help put “…the power of written, visual and audio content back in the hands of creators”.  His ability to champion that cause is clear when considering Dicker’s previous career accomplishments, including:  Creating and managing the research and development division at The Washington Post. Leading product and technology teams at Time Inc. and The Huffington Post. Working on RebelMouse, a redesigned content management system for The Huffington Post.  Dicker believes Po.et won’t just help content creators express their artistry independently, but that it will also work to serve media companies, brands and marketers. He wants those industry stakeholders to be able to generate revenue using their own platforms, publishers and business models.  Dicker views the platform as an opportunity to provide transparency in media attribution and valuation.   His move from The Washington Post strengthens the platform’s broader appeal as digital media continues to evolve.  With first-generation content-driven brands like The Huffington Post  recently announcing  they will no longer compete alongside the Medium’s of the world, it looks as though power is shifting back into the hands of the creator.  This evolving trend along with the addition of Dicker and Po.et’s growing number of use cases is truly positioning the platform for growth.  Experience and Utility  Po.et offers  several different use cases . They include:  Publishing A Decentralized Content Marketplace Journalism Font Licensing Press Release Distribution  The platform also boasts an experienced  advisory team :  Anthony Di Lorio, founder of the Jaxx wallet. Bo Shen of Fengbushi Capital Mike Gernamo, former Chief Media Officer at Vice  These are just some of the reasons Po.et’s market capitalization has soared to  over $150 million  after the project raised just $10 in its initial coin offering.  An Industry  Rewrite  The world of content creation is vastly changing. Newspapers are  no longer giant media  conglomerates.  Social media platforms  like Facebook  have more control over advertising than ever before.  More and more websites like SteemIt and Medium allow anyone to start their own blog and build a following.  This is why poaching one of The Washington Post’s smartest people and bringing him to Po.et makes sense.  It’s also why platforms like Po.et, Ink Qtum and the like are going to continue changing the media landscape when it comes to publishing, advertising, the distribution of royalties, intellectual property rights, and the funding of creative productions.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   California Millennial Assembly-Member Pushes Bill to Recognize Blockchain Twitter  The bill on electronic records would advance blockchain use for smart contracts and electronic signatures in the state.  Assembly-member Ian Calderon (D-Calif.), the  maiden millennial elected  to the state ’s legislature at 27 years old (he ’s now in his early 30s), launched California Assembly Bill 2658 in recent days to update an existing law to encompass blockchain technology for electronic signatures and smart contracts.  California is transforming into a blockchain-friendly place alongside other states in the region, including Arizona and Wyoming, for instance. But California could set a precedent, considering the state ’s  population of 39 million  is one-eighth of the entire United States, not to mention the state ’s $2.3 trillion economy, whose size rivals that of the entire UK region.  The new bill, which builds on the existing law dubbed the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, paves the way for an electronic record or signature secured by the blockchain to be deemed legal and enforceable. Key revisions in the latest version include  –  the definition of  “electronic ” record and  “electronic signature ” would be  expanded to encompass those secured via the blockchain the legal definition of  “contract ” would be expanded to encompass a smart contract data ownership/use would extend to someone performing interstate or foreign commerce on the blockchain in California  “with respect to that information as before the person secured the information using blockchain technology, ”  as per the bill  Elsewhere in the state, local governments are similarly looking to the blockchain for greater efficiency. Berkeley, Calif. has partnered with tech startup Neighborly to launch blockchain-fueled muni-bonds in an ICO  to raise money  for housing and other projects.  Meanwhile, Democrat Brian Forde, a former MIT digital currency exec, is running for Congress in Orange County, Calif. where the likes of Amazon and Google have set up shop. He is gaining the support of some blockchain veterans because of his knowledge in cryptocurrencies. For instance, the following investors have donated the highest amount allowed by the government of $2,700 t o Forde ’s campaign,  according to Bloomberg  Businessweek-  Image credit: Bloomberg  US Progress  Meanwhile, California ’s neighbor Arizona has been progressive on blockchain policy. At  about this time last year , Arizona Governor Doug Ducey signed a blockchain bill similar to California ’s into law, making blockchain-fueled electronic signatures and smart contracts valid.  Arizona is also behind a law to allow bitcoin as a form of payment for taxes.  Across the country, the Florida Senate has similarly  developed a bill  that would make blockchain-driven contracts enforceable. As states adopt blockchain-friendly policies, it ’s only a matter of time before the technology makes its way to Washington, DC.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Venezuelan President Claims  ‘Petro ’ Pre-Sale Netted $735 Million in Its First Day Twitter  Venezuelan leader Nicolás Maduro recently said that the country received $735 million through the  pre-sale of its Petro (PTR) cryptocurrency , in only one day. The Petro, as previously covered by CCN, is a cryptocurrency that’s set to help Venezuela bypass US sanctions, as the bolivar plunges.  Venezuela is notably the first country to launch its own cryptocurrency, and Nicolás Maduro celebrated the move by claiming it put the country at the world’s technological forefront. The Petro is set to be backed by the country’s oil reserves, and  Maduro ordered 100 million Petros .   A grandes problemas, ¡grandes soluciones! Desde el primer minuto el juego arrancó bien, y arrancamos ganando: 4.777 millones de yuanes o 735 millones de dólares es el resultado inicial de las operaciones de intención de compra del Petro.  #AlFuturoConElPetro   pic.twitter.com/LoaDgj4rr1  — Nicolás Maduro (@NicolasMaduro)  February 21, 2018   The Petro, according to reports, can be purchased with hard currencies and other cryptocurrencies, but not with the bolivar. It hit the market at a time in which Venezuela faces one of the deepest recessions ever seen. Food shortages force residents to make lines to buy common products, and  use cryptocurrencies to survive.  Maduro didn’t offer any details on the investors that supposedly purchased $735 million worth of Petro tokens, nor did he provide any evidence for his figure. Yet, in a nationally broadcast show, bullishly implied the token put Venezuela on the vanguard. He said:  “We have taken a giant step into the 21st Century,” Maduro said in a nationally broadcast show. “We are on the world’s technological vanguard.”  The country’s president added that tourism, gasoline sales and some oil-related transactions could be made in Petro. Although Venezuelan officials haven’t yet released a lot of details on how the Petro will work, he stated that the cryptocurrency is the “kryptonite” that can take on Superman – the comic character being code for the United States.  The Petro’s official website is now up and running, and has already published a guide on how investors can set up a wallet. Carlos Vargas, the country’s  cryptocurrency superintenden t, has recently stated the government was expecting to draw in investors from Turkey, Qatar, Europe, and the United States.  However, by buying the Petro, US citizens and companies would be violating sanctions, according to the US Treasury Department. Analysts have been advising potential investors that investing in the cryptocurrency may not be the right move.  Federico Bond, founder of digital startup Signatura,  stated :  “My advice would be to tread very carefully with this — especially considering the track record of the Venezuelan government.”  As covered by CCN, Venezuela’s opposition-run congress has also declared the cryptocurrency sale an “ illegal and unconstitutional ” instrument, as it is seen as an effort to illegally mortgage the country’s oil reserves.  Jean Paul Leidenz, a senior economist at Caracas-based EcoAnalitica, revealed that Maduro said the underdeveloped Orinoco oilfield will back the digital currency. This means there may be no tangible oil barrels investors can trade the Petro for.  Featured image from  @NicolasMaduro .  
DECREASE	   Hackers Cryptojack Tesla ’s Cloud to Mine Monero Twitter  According to RedLock, a boutique tech security consultancy, crypto-jacking is set to become one of the biggest security concerns for enterprise computing worldwide. RedLock’s  latest research  noted a changing security context; one that underpins a changing landscape from data theft to computational power theft. Tesla, a RedLock client, was reportedly a victim of a serious crypto-jacking incident when poor access hygiene resulted in system access credentials becoming vulnerable to external access.  What We Know  The RedLock team, working in partnership with Tesla, has published a  new report  on the alarming increase in crypto-jacking and how the security landscape is shifting from data theft to computational power theft. The “Crypto-jacking Epidemic”, as RedLock describes the issue, will have far-reaching consequences for enterprise computing  RedLock’s Cloud Security Intelligence (CSI) team late last year, “found hundreds of Kubernetes administration consoles accessible over the internet without any password protection,” providing access to Gemlato and Aviva – two multinational companies. The latest company hit by this epidemic is Tesla. The electric vehicle manufacturer, the CSI team noted, was similarly attacked t hrough Kubernetes console with poor access hygiene.  The RedLock team found that, internally, Tesla worked with Amazon Web Services (AWS) which also included Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) – access to this data allowed the hackers to glean information on the telemetry and other vehicle data metrics from Tesla’s testing fleet.  However, accessing this sensitive information wasn’t the overall purpose of the ‘hack’. The real purpose was to undertake crypto mining by using the spare capacity afforded by AWS and Tesla’s computational needs. The evasive measures undertaken by the hackers highlight how sophisticated this new computational threat will become.  The hackers did not use ‘mining pools’ in the normal public computing sense. They installed mining pool software and then configured the software to create an “unlisted” semi-public endpoint which made it difficult for IP-threat intelligence software to analyse the malicious threat.  The hackers also used CloudFare to ‘hide’ the IP address of the ‘mining pool’ which provided a free content delivery network platform. This IP ‘sleight-of-hand’ makes it difficult for domain/IP tracking to work cohesively when combating this type of cybersecurity threat.  The final touch was a sophisticated CPU usage counter-measure that saw the hackers configure the mining software to work at low usage levels to avoid detection. This streamlined usage of computational power could prove to be a fundamental problem in the global enterprise computing environment.  Countering the Threat  The single biggest problem outlined in this case study is the pervasiveness of poor access hygiene. The best weapon available to any organisation is, and remains, good information security hygiene protocols. Sound management of access permissions and the user levels therein can provide organisations with sound structural cyber security foundations.  RedLock’s latest security report found that 73 percent of organisations are still allowing root user accounts to perform key computational tasks. As industry advice states, this goes against sector-wide best practice guidelines.  Amazon  has openly stated that administrators need to lock root-level user access and instead created layered user profiles with access connected to role requirements and computational usage demands.  RedLock’s CSI team noted that, in the Tesla experience, hygiene processes around access keys resulted in tardy rotation practices. In some cases, some access keys hadn’t been rotated in over 90 days, around 40% of the systems verified by the team accounted for this high incidence. This is problematic because these keys will have higher-levels of access that can result in system  compromise – and would provide a suitable opportunity for hackers to utilise such space for nefarious needs.  RedLock’s advises clients to follow a simple four-step procedure to help curb the possibilities of computational theft for the purposes of crypto-jacking. They advise the following:  End non-IT specific users access to root accounts On all privileged user accounts, utilise multi-factor authentication steps to protect key accounts Create a hygiene policy framework that force rotates access keys – without user bypass/system by-pass facilities. Develop user and access behaviour metrics and monitor to identify deviation – this could help swiftly identify malicious cyber intrusion.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘Very Hard to Regulate Cryptocurrency,’ Says US Lawmaker Twitter  US lawmakers may be eager to regulate cryptocurrency, but they’re quickly finding that it’s easier said than done.  In an interview with  Fox Business , House Representative David Schweikert (R-AZ) said that regulators must focus their efforts on application-level oversight of the cryptocurrency markets, as the underlying technology is “very hard” to regulate.  “It’s actually very hard to regulate the underlying cryptocurrency,” Schweikert said. “You could actually do some regulation within the exchange mechanisms, assuming the exchange mechanisms stayed within the US government’s purview. So, you could have standards at the exchange level, but the underlying concept of a distributed ledger cryptocurrency becomes very difficult to regulated.”  Schweikert’s comments come as congressional lawmakers appear to be  cultivating a bipartisan appetite  to regulate cryptocurrency at the federal level. No legislation has yet been proposed, but even the generally anti-regulation House Freedom Caucus appears to be on board with the idea that the government should at least consider new federal regulations on the nascent industry.  At present, cryptocurrency exchanges are primarily regulated at the state level, where they face a mishmash of rules that vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Federal regulators from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) have expressed at recent congressional hearings that it may be wise to regulate exchanges at the federal level in the future. However, they cautioned that such regulations should be “ carefully tailored ” to address the perceived problems in the spot markets without stifling innovation.  Meanwhile, Schweikert’s home state of Arizona is considering legislation that would help legitimize Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as payment mechanisms.  SB 1091 , which has been passed by the Senate and was introduced into the House on Monday, would allow Arizona residents to use cryptocurrencies to pay their state income taxes. The state would receive the payments in cryptocurrency form and then convert them into fiat within 24 hours.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Japanese Crypto Exchange Accidentally Gives Bitcoins Away for Free Twitter  Bitcoin skeptics such as JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon have often claimed that Bitcoin is “ worth nothing .” For approximately 18 minutes at one cryptocurrency exchange in Japan, these skeptics were right.  On Tuesday, Zaif  — a cryptocurrency exchange operated by Osaka-based Tech Bureau Corp.  — revealed in a  statement  that a technical error had allowed several traders to purchase Bitcoin for 0 yen, a considerable discount off its fair market value of ~1.2 million yen.  Zaif said that the glitch occurred during an 18-minute window on Feb. 16, and seven customers were able to purchase BTC at the 0 yen rate. The company has since corrected customer balances, although it said that is still trying to sort the matter out with one of the traders, who apparently attempted to transfer the coins out of the exchange following the transaction.  The glitch caused the system to temporarily report inaccurate trading data but otherwise had no effect on the platform ’s other users.  “We apologize for any inconvenience and inconvenience caused to you by our customers, ” the company said in the statement, according to a rough translation.  “We will strive to prevent recurrence and we will continue to work on improving our services. ”  According to data from CoinMarketCap, Zaif processed $17.3 million worth of trading volume over the preceding 24 hours, ranking it 51st among exchanges that charge trading fees. This, however, does not include the exchange’s BTC volume, which the website reports as depicting abnormal activity.  Reuters  reports  that Zaif is one of 16 cryptocurrency exchanges that are currently licensed by Japan’s Financial Services Agency (FSA). Another 16  — most notably the recently-hacked Coincheck  — have been allowed to continue operating while their registration applications are pending.  The FSA conducted spot inspections of these exchanges following the Coincheck hack, which occurred at the end of January and resulted in the theft of $530 million worth of NEM tokens (XEM), making it the largest ever cryptocurrency exchange heist.  As CCN  reported , the 16 licensed exchanges are currently drafting plans to establish a self-regulatory body that will be registered with the FSA.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Finland to Auction 2,000 Bitcoins Seized in Silk Road-Linked Drug Busts Twitter  Finland’s government is preparing to hold its first Bitcoin auction.  The Treasury Department has recommended that the government auction off the approximately 2,000 BTC it seized in connection with drug busts nearly two years ago, according to a report from Finnish-language media outlet  Helsingin Sanomat .  “We recommend public auction for the [sale of the] bitcoins. An auction can be used to ascertain the buyer and whether the state receives a payment. In addition, the risks associated with the handling of bitcoins will be passed on to the buyer in the auction,  ” said Mikko Kangaspunta, chief of the government’s state treasury division, according to a rough translation.  The report states that the government seized the funds in June 2016, when the Bitcoin price was trading at roughly $600. The defendant in the case  — Lasse Juhani Kärkkäinen  — received more than 11 years in prison following a conviction for selling narcotics and performance-enhancing drugs on the now-defunct dark web marketplace Silk Road.  Kärkkäinen  — from whom authorities seized 1,666 BTC during the bust  — appealed that he should be allowed to forfeit the equivalent value of his holdings in euros, but an appellate court ruled that he must forfeit the coins themselves, which are now worth closer to $11,000 apiece.  As CCN  reported , the government recently released new guidelines governing its handling of confiscated cryptoassets. Under the new framework, officials are prohibited from storing them in internet-connected wallets. This effectively forces them to adopt a cold storage solution, and it also prevents them from disposing of seized cryptocurrencies by selling them on exchanges.  According to the report, the Treasury wants to sell the bitcoins in a series of auctions to ensure that it achieves optimal pricing. At the current market value, the 2,000 BTC is worth approximately $21.4 million.  Finland is not the first government to auction off Bitcoins seized in Silk Road-related busts. The US Marshals Service  auctioned off 144,336 BTC  belonging to Silk Road operator Ross Ulbricht in a series of auctions during 2014 and 2015, netting approximately $48 million.  Hat tip to Leo Jarvinen for assisting with the translation of the original source.  
DECREASE	   Australian Watchdog Sees 1,289 Cryptocurrency Scam Complaints in 2017 Twitter  Australia’s national consumer watchdog has reportedly received over 1,200 complaints related to cryptocurrency scams last year leading to estimated losses of AUD $1.2 million.  According to figures  revealed  by Australian nightly TV program 7.30, aggregate data gathered from the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission’s (ACCC) Scamwatch shows the watchdog receiving a total of 1,289 complaints related to cryptocurrency scams in 2017. The losses reported alongside those complaints totaled AUD $1,218,206.  The ACCC, an independent government authority tasked to enforce consumer protection laws with oversight into fraud and scam-related trends in Australia has on ongoing alert radar dubbed ‘ Scamwatch ’, wherein the authority warns consumers and small businesses of scams in the country.  Speaking to the television program, Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) commissioner John Price urged investors to be wary of “speculative” token investments that “can be quite high-risk”.  He added:  “It’s been quite well documented that some of these products are scams, so please don’t invest unless you’re prepared to lose some or all of your money. ”  The ACCC has been at work monitoring cryptocurrency scams throughout much of 2017 and, at one point, revealed a  126% spike in crypto scam-related complaints  in a single week when bitcoin price hit a then all-time high of $7,000.  A  long-standing  deliberate move to establish itself as  a FinTech hub  that embraces cryptocurrencies saw Australian authorities  push for  a legislative bill to include domestic cryptocurrency exchanges under existing laws. Come December,  the legislation passed , putting Australian bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchanges under the purview of the Australian Transactions and Reporting Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC), the country’s financial intelligence body and watchdog.  Under the new rules, cryptocurrency exchanges will be required to register themselves on the authority’s ‘Digital Currency Exchange Register’ and report any suspicious transactions, international transactions and fiat cash deposits that exceed AUD$10,000.  “This will stamp out fraud and allow innovation to flourish; a bold move that will benefit Australians for years to come,” Paul McKenzie, operations manager at Victoria-based digital currency exchange ACX.io said at the time.  Cryptocurrency scams are nothing new and have seen a number of regulators and watchdogs turning up their scrutiny against fraudulent crypto-related investment schemes. A notable example is that of  OneCoin , a digital currency investment scheme widely seen as fraud.  Other moves against alleged scams in recent weeks sees the US CFTTC filing charges against My Big Coin, an alleged cryptocurrency-based Ponzi accused of  misappropriating over $6 million  in customer funds. Details of an Austrian scam involving bitcoin emerged recently, hinting at a widespread investment scheme that may have raked in some 12,000 bitcoins (approx. $131 million in current prices) from 10,000 victims in Austria, Poland, Romania and former Yugoslavia.   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Continues to Outperform Tokens and Cryptocurrencies Amid Recovery Twitter  While the vast majority of tokens and cryptocurrencies in the global market fell by around 10 percent overnight, bitcoin has sustained its momentum in the $11,000 region, with strong volumes.   Bitcoin Records Monthly High Dominance  Over the past 24 hours, bitcoin, like many other cryptocurrencies in the market, was highly volatile. The price of bitcoin reached $11,950 at its daily peak and declined down to $10,900, by more than $1,000, as the cryptocurrency market dropped by over $20 billion. Bitcoin has since rebounded back to $11,200, sustaining its short-term momentum.  On February 21, the bitcoin dominance index, which measures the dominance of bitcoin over the entire cryptocurrency market, achieved a monthly high at 39.1 percent. The increase in the bitcoin dominance index can be attributed to the increase in demand for bitcoin from newcomers entering the cryptocurrency market after a massive correction had occurred in January.  When newcomers and casual investors enter the market, naturally, the first cryptocurrency they invest in is bitcoin, as it is the most dominant cryptocurrency in the market. In the short-term, it is likely that bitcoin will continue to outperform tokens and cryptocurrencies in the market.   Many tokens have recorded large gains against the US dollar over the past week. But, against bitcoin, the majority of tokens have recorded fairly large losses.  Local mainstream media outlets in South Korea including Chosun and HanKyoReh have also reported that cryptocurrency premiums within the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market, better known as the Kimchi Premium, have started to increase again. Within the past week, South Korean cryptocurrency premiums rose from 2 percent to 7 percent, as the demand for the cryptocurrency market increased rapidly.  In January, the price of bitcoin dropped to the $6,000 region, after achieving an all-time high at $19,000. Within a month, the price of bitcoin nearly doubled, as it climbed up to $11,200 relatively quickly, when many analysts expected a bear market to emerge and last for many months before a major recovery.  With major cryptocurrency exchanges such as Coinbase and Bitfinex adopting SegWit, analysts remain optimistic in the scalability of the Bitcoin network, and that may fuel the price growth of bitcoin as well in the upcoming weeks. SegWit adoption rate remains below 14 percent at the time of writing, and Coinbase ’s integration of SegWit could lead to a massive spike in the adoption of SegWit.  Ethereum and Tokens  Against bitcoin, Ethereum and ERC20 tokens have performed poorly in the past week, and as bitcoin continues to build momentum, it is likely that Ethereum and tokens based on the Ethereum network will continue to fall against bitcoin in the short-term.  Still, Ethereum has performed better against bitcoin than other major cryptocurrencies such as Ripple, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, and Cardano, which have all recorded 6 to 10 percent losses against the most dominance cryptocurrency in the market.  If Ether can recover to the $1,000 mark in the next few days, given that it has followed the price trend of bitcoin since January, it will establish a strong ground for mid-term price growth. However, if it continues to fall behind bitcoin along with the rest of the market, Ether could have a difficult time matching price growth rate of bitcoin in the short-term.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   16 Japanese Cryptocurrency Exchanges to Create Self-Regulatory Body: Report Twitter  Abandoning plans to unite to separate industry bodies, a group of Japanese cryptocurrency exchanges is planning to create a self-regulating body in the aftermath of the infamous recent Coincheck theft.  Citing unnamed sources close to the newly planned group,  Reuters  is reporting that a collective of 16 Japanese cryptocurrency exchanges is drawing plans to install a self-regulating body as early as next week. The plan is to fast-track a self-regulatory environment to better secure investors, particularly in the wake of the recent hack of Tokyo-based exchange Coincheck where some $530 million in NEM tokens was stolen less than a month ago.  These sources have also claimed that a previously  reported plan  to combine two of Japan’s cryptocurrency industry bodies, the Japan Cryptocurrency Business Association and the Japan Blockchain Association, to form on self-regulating entity have now been scrapped after talks dropped to merge the two bodies. Instead, the new self-regulating body will notably be registered with Japan’s Financial Services Association (FSA), the country’s finan cial regulator.  While details of the new body are scarce, it is more than likely that the 16 exchanges behind the soon-to-be-launched entity are the sixteen currently licensed cryptocurrency exchanges registered with the FSA.  Following  new legislation  of the revised Payment Services Act in April last year, cryptocurrency exchange operators are required to be licensed by the regulator. Exceptions on a provisional basis are allowed, particularly to operational exchanges predating the new legislation of which Coincheck is a notable example.  In September, the FSA  granted licenses  to 11 cryptocurrency exchanges to operate in the country, a number that has since swelled to 16 according to recent reports. Meanwhile, Japanese police  continue their investigation  into last month’s theft of Coincheck while the exchange’s operators  continue to assure  NEM victims of refunds. The theft has predictably led to Japanese regulators ramping up scrutiny on the industry with  on-site inspections  targeting some 16 unregistered cryptocurrency exchanges.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Gold Sell-Off? Someone Just Split  & Moved 664,000 BTG Twitter  Bitcoin Gold investors might want to brace for impact because someone just moved approximately 664,000 BTG  — coins which had lain untouched since the blockchain forked away from the main Bitcoin network last year.  Sell-Off Incoming? Someone Just Split  & Moved 664,000 Bitcoin Gold  On Tuesday, approximately 664,000 BTG were moved for the first time, the largest single-day increase since the network launch in November.  As CCN  reported , the fork officially occurred on October 25, although the developers premined the blockchain for several weeks before launching the BTG network in mid-November. Since the network was created through a fork of Bitcoin, all BTC holders received an equivalent number of BTG coins on the new chain.  Most of these coins were claimed and moved in the first several weeks following the network ’s launch, and coin splitting tapered over the ensuing three months  — until this week, that is.  Source: forks.network     The development was  first spotted  by Antoine Le Calvez a data engineer at cryptocurrency startup Blockchain who also created a  website  that tracks coin splitting following forks. He attributed the transactions to Bitcoin storage service Xapo.  While Xapo already distributed airdropped  Bitcoin Gold  to its customers shortly after the October fork, it’s possible that the present transaction was made on behalf of one or more of the firm’s many institutional clients.  If the owners of those coins intend to sell them, they will be doing so at a time when the Bitcoin Gold price is near an all-time low.  The coin had traded above $400 on several occasions in November and December, but it never gained the traction that Bitcoin Cash  — a fork predicated on a longstanding ideological disagreement over the future of Bitcoin  — managed to achieve following its fork in August.  BTG weathered the recent market correction rather poorly, plunging as low as $74 on Feb. 5 before experiencing a moderate recovery.  At the time of writing, Bitcoin Gold was trading at a global average of $127, which translates into a $2.2 billion market cap and ranks BTG as the 20th-largest cryptocurrency.  At the current market price, the 664,000 coins are nominally worth about $84.3 million. However, CoinMarketCap data indicates that BTG has just $40 million in daily trading volume, which will make it difficult to unload the 664,000 coins (if that is the owner ’s intention) without causing the market to crash.  Indeed, the mere fact that these coins have been moved could cause traders to price in a sell-off, sending BTG ’s value even lower than it currently stands.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Brazil and Latin America’s Largest Bank Will Use Ripple to Process Payments Twitter  On February 21, the Ripple team revealed that Itaú Unibanco, Brazil and Latin America’s biggest bank by market cap, will use the Ripple blockchain network’s xCurrent to process cross-border payments and remittances.  Ripple’s Adoption  Most major banks in South Korea and Japan led by SBI Holdings, one of Japan’s leading commercial banks, are utilizing the Ripple network’s liquidity platform xRapid to lower operating costs in processing payments between banks and institutions.  In the upcoming months, Itaú Unibanco along with a major Singapore-based remittance service provider InstaReM and Indian commercial bank IndusInd will actively utilize Ripple xCurrent to settle payments between international financial service providers.  The Ripple team noted that remittance service providers in large remittance markets such as Brazil and Canada have started to utilize xVia, a payments solution developed by Ripple, to process payments on the Ripple blockchain. Beetech in Brazil and Zip Remit in Canada aim to process payments on the RIpple blockchain network with remittance service providers in China, as Chinese  remittance companies have entered RippleNet in February.  Patrick Griffin, Ripple’s head of business development, emphasized the necessity of a blockchain solution like Ripple in the global remittance and payments industries, especially for businesses and consumers in emerging markets. Griffin explained that blockchain technology can ease the process for individuals sending money from abroad to their home countries, specifically for e xpat workers and international businesses.  “The payments problem is a global problem, but its negative impact disproportionally affects emerging markets. Whether it’s a teacher in the U.S. sending money home to his family in Brazil, or a small business owner in India trying to move money to open up a second store in another country, it’s imperative that we connect the world’s financial institutions into a payments syste m that works for their customers, not against them,” said Griffin.  As CCN reported in January , Ripple partnered with some of the world’s largest remittance providers such as MoneyGram to process international payments on its blockchain network. If Ripple can build an ecosystem and a community of major remittance service providers in both major regions like the US and emerging markets, individuals will be able to send and receive both small and large payments through th e Ripple blockchain, with reduced costs.  The key is building a connection between remittance providers to ensure that there exists a decentralized and peer-to-peer platform with which institutions can send and receive money to and from each other.  Already, RippleNet has included large-scale remittance service providers in Singapore, China, and other countries in Asia. InstaReM alone processes more than 500,000 transactions initiated by consumers in more than 60 countries, including Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Singapore and India.  2018 is an important year for Ripple, and it is a period in which it will have to justify the partnerships it had created in 2017 through increasing daily transaction volumes and user activity. In 2017, Ripple was criticized by the lack of transaction volumes coming from banks that have partnered with Ripple Labs to process transactions.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   South Korea Regulator Seeks Cryptocurrency ‘Normalization’ in Dramatic U-Turn Twitter  In a complete turnaround, South Korea’s financial regulator and watchdog has bullishly called for the development and ‘normalization’ of cryptocurrencies in the country.  A month after widespread whispers of a possible ban on cryptocurrency trading in South Korea, local adopters, investors and the wider industry can now be found beaming in optimism for a positive future for cryptocurrencies.  As  reported  by CCN yesterday, Choe Heung-sik – chief of South Korea’s Financial Supervisory Service (FSS) was plainly clear in confirming that the government will support ‘normal [non-anonymous] transactions’ of cryptocurrencies. Choe also stressed the government will “encourage” traditional banks to establish ties and facilitate transactions with cryptocurrency exchanges through virtual  accounts, a move which would carve easier access to exchanges among new cryptocurrency adopters.  A new  Reuters  report covering remarks from Choe’s press conference yesterday reveals the regulatory chief going a step further, calling for the development of cryptocurrencies to enable them to become a societal norm.  Speaking to reporters, Choe stated:  “The whole world is now framing the outline (for cryptocurrency) and therefore (the government) should work more on normalization than increasing regulation. ”  The remark hasn’t gone unnoticed by South Korea’s crypto exchange operators with a representative for the country’s industry body calling the change of tack a “positive sign.”  “Though the government and the industry have not yet reached a full agreement, the fact that the regulator himself made clear the government’s stance on co-operation is a positive sign for the markets,” said Kim Haw-joon of the Korea Blockchain Association, a working group of major cryptocurrency exchanges that is planning to  launch a self-regulatory body  of its own.  Choe’s call to normalize the cryptocurrency industry in a self-regulated space and encourage blockchain technology represents a stark rejection of a complete cryptocurrency trading ban  – akin to China  – proposed by the justice minister in January. Since then, South Korean authorities have moved to ban the use of anonymous bank accounts in cryptocurrency trading with the government now being urged to “support” the “normalization” of cryptocurrencies in the country.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Finland Hamstrings Its Ability to Store Confiscated Bitcoin Twitter  Finland  authorities have confiscated around 2,000 bitcoin – worth nearly $40 million on Dec. 18, 2017 – and is trying to determine how to safely handle them.  Finland’s recently announced cryptocurrency guidelines prohibit the government from storing the bitcoin on a virtual currency exchange. The government cannot store the bitcoin on the Internet,  Bloomberg News  determined after examining government documents.  Finland Mum On Storage Methods  The coins have been mostly confiscated from dozens of raids authorities have conducted since 2016, officials at the Helsinki customs office stated. The officials declined to say how they have been storing cryptocurrencies up until the present time.  The government is not permitted to handle cryptocurrencies in the same manner as it handles other currencies. The government has determined that cryptocurrency is an asset that cannot be accepted or used as a means of payment or as an investment, according to a Treasury document.  Cryptocurrencies can be converted into euros, based on a court ruling that has become binding.  Sales of the appropriated cryptocurrencies are required to take place via public auctions as opposed to commercial exchanges, which the government considers opaque and untrustworthy, according to Treasury officials.  Bitcoin Failed  ‘Currency Test ’  The Bank of Finland has decided that bitcoin has failed the currency test . “The Currency Test” as it is referred to by banks and governments around the world in regards to bitcoin, has differing meanings wherever it is cited.  Paeivi Heikkinen, the head of oversight over at the Bank of Finland, told Bloomberg:  “Considering the definition of an official currency as set out in law, it’s not that. It’s also not a payment instrument, because the law stipulates that a payment instrument must have an issuer responsible for its operation, at this stage it is more comparable to a commodity.”  “Finns can enter into agreements on which means of exchange they want to use,” Heikkinen said. “No one supervises or regulates it, no one guarantees it and its value has fluctuated hugely. It’s at your own risk.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Cap Dips Below $500 Billion, But Bitcoin Dominance Ascends Twitter  The cryptocurrency market cap dipped below $500 billion on Wednesday, marking the recovery ’s second hiccup in the past week. But although total valuations are in decline, Bitcoin ’s market share continues to climb, once again putting to rest predictions that Ethereum is poised to supplant it as the largest cryptocurrency.  Source: CoinMarketCap  On Monday, the  cryptocurrency market cap  had traded near $510 billion for most of the day, but at approximately 18:00 ET, $32 billion evaporated from the index. By the time of writing, the market had recovered to $484.6 billion, but this nevertheless represents a single-day decrease of more than four percent.  Bitcoin Price Struggles for $11,000  The market ’s pullback was catalyzed by a precipitous  Bitcoin price  decline. On Monday, the flagship cryptocurrency had extended its rally as far as $11,788 on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex, at which point Bitcoin appeared to tumble off a cliff. Over the ensuing six hours, the Bitcoin price declined by more than $1,000, ultimately bottoming out at $10,680. Since regaining its footing, Bitcoin has recovered to just above the $11,000 mark, but it is currently unclear whether it will manage to hold at this level.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Despite this decline, Bitcoin continues to increase its market share, enabling it to reestablish its dominance over the altcoin markets. At present, Bitcoin boasts a $189 billion market cap, which represents a 39 percent share of the total market cap.  Ethereum Price Drops Below $900  The  Ethereum price , meanwhile, posted an even steeper day-over-day decline, falling more than five percent to $887 after trading as high as $959 on Monday. Ethereum now has a market cap of $87.5 billion, which translates into an 18.2 percent share of the index.  Ethereum Price Chart  92 of Top 100 Cryptocurrencies Post Declines  The bearish trend reverberated throughout the markets, forcing 92 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies into decline.  The Ripple price declined by six percent and is currently holding just two cents above dollar parity. Bitcoin Cash endured an eight percent decline and is currently valued at $1,379. NEO did not fare much better, and its tokens are now trading at $125.  A  previously-surging  Litecoin posted the worst performance among top 10 cryptocurrencies, reducing its price to $221.  Cardano, EOS, and Stellar each posted seven percent declines, while IOTA rounded out the top 10 with a six percent tumble to $1.91.  
DECREASE	   Wyoming Utility Token Bill Passes House and Senate Twitter  Earlier today blockchain evangelist  Caitlin Long  announced on  LinkedIn  that HB-70, the Utility Token ICO bill passed the Senate and is now on the Governors desk. We reported on this bill  last month  when it passed the house. This marks a huge step for ICO ’s and has the potential to create a cryptocurrency hub in the state with a dearth of new economic activity.  What is HB-70?  HB-70 is proposed law in Wyoming which aims to tackle the ambiguity surrounding the meaning of a  “utility token ”. While the issue has been tackled in the past by the infamous  SEC memo , much ambiguity still surrounds the definition with many deferring to the  Howey test  derived from a supreme  court case  in the 1940 ’s to determine whether or not a token constitutes a security. This ambiguity has landed more than a few founders in jail and the federal governments inaction has left it up to the states to regulate what constitutes a  “utility token ”.  In comes HB-70 which offers a clear, unambiguous definition. It states that in order for a token to be classified as a utility token, or  “open blockchain token ”, it must meet the following conditions:  The token has not been marketed by the protocol developers as an investment opportunity. The token is exchangeable for goods or services. (This basically excludes pre-sales, as it seems to mandates protocols must work before tokens are issued) The protocol developer has not entered into a repurchase agreement of any kind or entered into an agreement to locate buyers for the token.  Beyond HB-70  This is the fourth bill in Wyoming to pass the Senate out of 5 proposed in 2018. While this bill focuses on utility tokens it ’s just one of a broader set of bills aimed at making Wyoming what  Long   calls   “A Haven for Blockchain ”.    HB-101 : The  “blockchain records bill ” which would allow companies to store internal documents and databases on the blockchain. It Passed the Senate and House Unanimously and currently awaiting passage by the Governor. HB-126 : An act aimed specifically aimed at LLC ’s looking to do Blockchain seeks to encourage companies to register in Wyoming as opposed to Deleware. Deleware currently leads the pack in terms of  corporate registrations . This bill passed the Senate 28-2 and is currently awaiting passage by the Governor. HB-19 : Provides an exemption to an act restricting monetary transfers to virtual currencies. This act was mainly targeted at Bitcoin. SF-111 : Aimed at eliminating state property tax on Cryptocurrency Assets passed its third reading in the house today. The only bill in this article that has not passed the House and Senate yet.  Setting a precedent  Wyoming and Delaware ’s race to become the blockchain capital are sure to set a precedent with other states vying for a slice of the cryptocurrencies ever-expanding market cap. These bills aren ’t law yet but given the Governor ’s support, they are sure to pass. A bigger risk is that the SEC could nullify HB-70. Time will tell as the SEC navigates the new, volatile, and often  dangerous  cryptocurrency markets.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   South Korea’s Largest Messaging App Plans Blockchain Unit with ICO Launch Twitter  Kakao Corp, operator South Korea’s largest messaging platform KakaoTalk, is set establish a subsidiary focused on blockchain technology coinciding with the launch of Kakao’s own ICO.  Tentatively dubbed ‘Kakao Blockchain’, the new subsidiary will focus on developing blockchain solutions although it is unclear what the business plan is or where the company’s focus would lie. Kakao Corp is planning to announce a concrete roadmap to outline its plans in a press conference on March 20 th , the  Huffington Post Korea  reports.  According to Korean publication  MT , the establishment of the new blockchain-specific unit also sees Kakao exploring the launch of its own cryptocurrency, ‘Kakao Coin’, through an initial coin offering (ICO). Kakao is looking at overseas jurisdictions, Singapore and Hong Kong in particular, to launch and conduct its ICO as they are currently ruled illegal in South Korea. As reported previously, South Korea’s financial regulator moved to  ban initial coin offerings  in late September 2017.  With its own cryptocurrency, Kakao is also planning to reportedly introduce the token in a number of services and applications including Kakao Driver, Kakao Games and KakaoTalk as a direct substitute for fiat money. Users of Kakao Corp’s applications like KakaoTalk and KakaoPay, the mobile payment subsidiary of the company, will be able to use Kakao Coin like cash in payments within the company’s applications with products sold at a lower cost for crypto payments.  With an estimated 93% of South Korea’s population using KakaoTalk as their preferred messaging platform, the launch and usage of Kakao Coin are certain to be followed keenly in a jurisdiction that continues to outlaw ICOs to this day. Kakao, through a subsidiary, has already forayed into the cryptocurrency space with the  launch of Upbit , a cryptocurrency exchange with support for some 110 tokens last September.  Kakao’s reported plans for an ICO follow the  $850 million ICO presale  of popular encrypted messaging app Telegram in February. A filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission revealed the ‘closed’ presale was only open to 81 investors, preceding  a second rumored private presale  that could push Telegram’s crypto fundraising well beyond the billion-dollar mark.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Now, Illinois is Looking at Tax Payments in Bitcoin Twitter  Illinois has joined a growing number of US states looking to pave the way to allow cryptocurrencies as payment for taxes.  House Bill 5335 , aka the Revenue Cryptocurrency Bill, is being sponsored by Rep. Michael Zalewski, a Democrat.  It ’s an amendment to the current Department of Revenue Law of the Civil Administrative Code of Illinois, and it declares that  “in addition to any other method of payment provided for by law, ”  cryptocurrencies will be accepted as payment for state taxes. The state would then convert the cryptocurrency payment into fiat money  “at the prevailing rate ” within 24 hours, and the taxpayers account becomes credited with the converted USD amount.  The bill was first introduced in February and in recent days was assigned to the Revenue and Finance Committee.  It ’s really been a  wave of states  showing an interest in adding bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies into their revenue streams. Wyoming, which is also competing for the title of blockchain capital, is considering a bill that would lift state property tax on cryptocurrencies. Meanwhile, similar to Illinois, Arizona and Georgia are looking to legalize bitcoin as a payment for taxes.  Something for investors to consider when paying taxes with bitcoin or some other digital coin is that it could  qualify as a tax event . For instance, if you purchased $1,000 worth of bitcoin and the value of that investment balloons to $5,000 on tax day, that ’s a capital gain and it will be taxed as such.  Midwestern Tech Hub  Illinois has been jockeying for position among states to take the lead in technology, including but not limited to blockchain. For instance, the city of Chicago is on the list for Amazon ’s second headquarters. While Amazon already employs more than 10,000 people in the Windy City on a full-time basis,  Amazon HQ2  would usher in 50,000 more jobs and billions of dollars in investment.  Meanwhile, the Illinois Blockchain Initiative is comprised of state and county agencies dedicated to exploring how blockchain can bolster state services while appealing to the blockchain community.  And the Illinois Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Task Force recently published a report to the General Assembly. The report highlights ways for the government to use blockchain as a  “cheaper and safer way to administer government. ”  In addition to new innovation that the blockchain would inspire, the technology would be  “ideal ” for Medicaid enrollment and social programs such as food stamps. But they  want to see blockchain   “improve its scalability and smart contract security first. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Crypto Exchange Coinbase Gets Sued for Insider Trading in Bitcoin Cash Twitter  Two class-action lawsuits have been filed against the exchange so far this month, and this one is going for the jugular. Coinbase is being accused of negligence tied to last year ’s rocky rollout of Bitcoin Cash (BCH) and  “tipping off ” its employees before announcing publicly its plans to support the new cryptocurrency. The amount in question for all of the members of the lawsuit is more than $5 million before interest and costs.  Arizona resident Jeffrey Berk filed the lawsuit in the US District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of himself and others affected, all of whom are being represented by Green  & Noblin as well as The Grant Law Firm.  He ’s taking aim at Coinbase/dba GDAX as well as its co-founder and CEO Brian Armstrong and director of communications David Farmer, alleging Armstrong knew of the alleged insider trading and promised an investigation, the results of which are unclear.  At the crux of the lawsuit is the bitcoin hard fork, the result of which was the emergence Bitcoin Cash, a cryptocurrency spinoff, so to speak, designed to accelerate transactions on the blockchain. After the bitcoin fork was announced, Coinbase allegedly waffled on its decision of whether or not to support it, which allegedly caused the plaintiffs  “to suffer monetary loss as a result of the defendants ’ wrongdoing. ” The lawsuit states:  “As one of the largest exchanges for the purchase and sale of Bitcoin, (and effectively a monopoly), the issue of whether Coinbase will maintain a market and support a cryptocurrency is essential to people who want to buy or sell the currencies. ”  Botched Rollout  The period in question is from Dec. 19 to Dec. 21, which is when Coinbase ’s alleged botched rollout of Bitcoin cash unfolded. There were, however, a series of steps leading up to this event, as outlined below  –  In July, Coinbase announced it wouldn ’t support BCH Coinbase advised clients who wished to trade in BCH to instead withdraw their BTC from the exchange A wave of investors allegedly did do In August, Coinbase revealed partial support for BCH  Here ’s the rub.  In November 2017, Coinbase allegedly  “tipped off its own employees about full support for BCH ” Coinbase didn ’t announce that development publicly till Dec. 19, 2017 Approximately USD 11 billion of BCH was traded on Coinbase on Dec. 20  Apparently, traders who anticipated Coinbase ’s full support of BCH flooded the platform with buy and sell orders, which the lawsuit alleges thinned liquidity and  “unfairly drive up the price of BCH for non-insider traders once BCH came on line on the Coinbase exchange. ”  The plaintiff alleges that his BCH order was transacted at a price 100% higher than when he submitted the buy order.  These events preceded even greater confusion amid a series of steps in which the bitcoin exchange allegedly stopped and started trading in BCH, opening and closing the books again and again. The bottom line is the plaintiffs allege that non-insiders were forced to purchase BCH at inflated prices.  A separate class-action lawsuit  was filed against Coinbase  earlier this month accusing the bitcoin exchange of holding onto emailed cryptocurrencies that it shouldn ’t have that were left unclaimed for years.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   $25 Million: US Marshals to Auction 2,170 BTC Later This Month Twitter  The US Marshals Service (USMS) has announced that it will auction off nearly $25 million worth of Bitcoin in less than two weeks.  On Monday, the agency issued a  statement  revealing that it will hold a sealed bid auction to dispose of 2,170 BTC  — worth $23.6 million at the present Bitcoin exchange rate  — seized in connection with a variety of criminal, civil, and administrative cases.  Notably, the auction will include funds seized from  Shaun Bridges , a former Secret Service agent who participated in the investigation into dark web marketplace Silk Road and was later arrested for a variety of corrupt acts, including stealing 20,000 BTC from Silk Road operator Ross Ulbricht.  The sale, which is scheduled to run on March 19 from 8 am ET to 2 pm ET, will divide the funds into three series. Series A will contain two blocks of 500 BTC, Series B will contain 11 blocks of 100 BTC, and Series C will contain 1 block of approximately 70 BTC.  To participate in the auction, prospective buyers must submit a signed bidder registration form and wire a $200,000 deposit to the USMS by next week.  Interestingly, the statement does not reveal whether coins airdropped following Bitcoin forks  — the most valuable of which are  Bitcoin Cash  and  Bitcoin Gold   — have been claimed from the seized wallets or if buyers will have the opportunity to claim the airdropped funds. At present, the combined value of the airdropped BCH and BTG associated with these coins is $2.8 million.  The USMS has held several Bitcoin auctions over the years, the most famous of which involved funds seized from Ulbricht in connection with the Silk Road investigation. Earlier this year, the agency  auctioned off 3,813 BTC , worth approximately $50 million at the time of the auction.  Just last week, CCN  reported  that the Department of Justice had asked a judge to allow them to confiscate more than 500 BTC from individuals charged with forging and distributing government identification documents. If the court grants the agency ’s request, it is likely that these funds will be included in a future auction.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Japanese Banking Giant SBI Invests in Cryptocurrency Hardware Wallet Maker Twitter  In its ever-expanding foray into the cryptocurrency sector, Japanese financial group SBI has now invested in a Taiwan-based cryptocurrency hardware wallet developer.  SBI Holdings, the financial services division of Japan’s SBI Group, has announced its 40% ownership stake in Taiwanese crypto hardware wallet maker CoolBitX. An  announcement  by SBI Holdings does not reveal the exact amount of the investment in CoolBitX, a hardware maker that specializes in cold wallets.  With its growing portfolio of cryptocurrency-related businesses and operations, SBI Holdings revealed its intent to utilize CoolBitX’s security technology for risk management within its company in areas including the maintenance of customer assets, to further enhance security. The Japanese conglomerate makes a specific mention of CoolBitX’s ‘CoolWallet’, a hardware device used  to store private keys to cryptocurrencies that interfaces with iOS and Android devices via Bluetooth.  SBI Holdings, through its venture capital arm SBI Investment, became one of the world’s earliest mainstream conglomerates serving traditional finance to invest in  bitcoin exchange Kraken  in early 2016. The Japanese financial group followed up with another investment as  lead investor in bitFlyer , Japan’s largest and best-funded cryptocurrency exchange. In late 2016, SBI  announced  its intention to launch its own cryptocurrency exchange win what would be the country’s first bank-backed exchange platform. Despite its registration with Japan’s financial regulator, the launch of the exchange has been  postponed  due to security concerns, as reported recently.  SBI is also  drawing plans  to issue its own blockchain-based digital currency, directly tradeable with the Japanese yen, for usage in payments and instant P2P transfers. SBI Holdings has notably  co-launched  SBI Ripple Asia with San Francisco-based Ripple to propel the adoption of blockchain-based real-time cross-border payments among banks in a number of ASEAN countries.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Putin ’s Orders: Russia Prepares to Legalize Cryptocurrency Markets by July 2018  Twitter  Russian authorities are planning to pass new legislation that would effectively legalize cryptocurrency markets by summer 2018.  As revealed in a report by the Russian parliament’s  official publication  on March 1, Russian president Vladimir Putin has set a deadline on July 1 for relevant cryptocurrency legislation to be adopted in the country.  The report specifically points to two draft laws centered on blockchain technology that have been developed so far. Russia’s Ministry of Finance has put the spotlight on legal guidelines for the issuance of initial coin offerings (ICOs) while the country’s central bank has prepared a separate draft law on crowdfunding.  The report suggests that the two authorities have agreed upon the main regulatory moves on cryptocurrencies, save for one major contradiction when it comes to cryptocurrency exchanges operating in the country. In essence, the central bank isn’t keen on retail traders and investors participating in cryptocurrency trading.  Detailing the lack of consensus further, State Duma Committee for Financial Markets chairman Anatoly Aksakov explained:  “The central bank is against the legalization of this type of digital currency, since in this case, citizens can start actively investing in crypto-tools, not taking into account possible risks. ”  A separate bill on digital assets – to be submitted to the Russian Parliament this month – will aim to establish governance rules surrounding cryptocurrency mining. Individual entrepreneurs will be allowed to enter mining pools established by legally recognized entities and “conduct activities to extract cryptocurrencies that do not fall under the criteria of industrial mining, ” said Alexei Mostovshchikov, chair of the Expert Council of the Youth Parliament under the Russian Duma.  Aksakov further stressed that both bills, from the central bank and the finance ministry, will be submitted to the chamber this month.  Duma image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Investment Trust Creator Launches Four New Crypto Funds Twitter  Grayscale Investments, the company behind the Bitcoin Investment Trust (OTC: GBTC), announced Tuesday that it had opened four new investment products that provide investors with exposure to cryptocurrencies in a more familiar wrapper.  Bitcoin Investment Trust Creator Launches Four New Crypto Funds  The new funds  — the Ethereum Investment Trust, Ripple Investment Trust, Bitcoin Cash Investment Trust, and Litecoin Investment Trust  — will each hold positions in a single cryptocurrency.  “We are thrilled to expand Grayscale ’s offerings to meet rising investor demand, ” said Michael Sonnenshein, Grayscale ’s managing director, in a media release.  “Our team is committed to bridging the gap between the global investment community and the digital currency asset class. We remain focused on product creation and will continue to launch more single-asset and diversified products to provide exposure where investors are looking for it. ”  Like Grayscale’s other products, these new trusts will be offered in a private placement to accredited investors who purchase a minimum of $10,000 worth of shares and submit to a one-year vesting period.  Eventually, the trust sponsor will likely seek to list these shares on publicly-quoted over-the-counter (OTC) platforms, as it already has with the Bitcoin Investment Trust. Once shares are publicly-quoted, they have more liquidity and can also be purchased through retail brokerage accounts  — though often at a steep premium over the value of the underlying assets.  Though  anathema to many financial analysts  due to its heavy premium on the secondary market, the Bitcoin Investment Trust has proven to be extremely popular among both buyers who are nervous to hold cryptoassets directly and investors who desire to gain exposure to Bitcoin through tax-advantaged retirement accounts.  Prior to GBTC ’s  recent stock split   — a move that made the trust even more appealing to retail investors  — the trust was among the most-purchased assets on investing app Stockpile, which allows investors to purchase fractional shares of expensive stocks.  Grayscale Trust Lineup Swells to Eight  Altogether, Grayscale now offers eight different cryptocurrency investment products, including the Ethereum Classic Investment Trust and Zcash Investment Trust.  Last month, Grayscale launched the “Digital Large Cap Fund,” a cryptocurrency index fund that holds market cap-weighted positions in the five largest cryptocurrencies. Each of these cryptocurrencies is now available in standalone funds, meaning that  — once they are publicly-quoted  — investors could invest in the large cap fund but short any of the individual assets on which they were bearish.  Aside from GBTC, however, these products are currently available exclusively through private placement.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   China is Blocking Cryptocurrency Exchanges on Social Media: Local Report Twitter  Regulators in China have begun blocking social media accounts belonging to cryptocurrency exchanges that continue to offer services to customers located on the mainland.  China Blocking Cryptocurrency Exchanges on Social Media  On Tuesday Beijing-based media outlet  Caixin  reported that local authorities had forced social messaging platform WeChat to shut down accounts belonging to select cryptocurrency exchanges in a bid to further restrict the ability of mainland residents to trade cryptocurrencies.  As CCN  reported , China had forced the closure of domestic cryptocurrency exchanges that offered fiat-to-cryptocurrency trading pairs last September, but some investors told Caixin that they were still able to access the offshore platforms. Other traders moved to over-the-counter (OTC) and peer-to-peer (P2P) platforms, often using social media to find trading partners and execute transactions.  Consequently, authorities began  monitoring internet traffic  to offshore exchanges, particularly those which had originally been headquartered on the mainland. Officials have reportedly suggested that banks should suspend service to clients found to have engaged in cryptocurrency trading under the pretense of preventing pyramid schemes, money laundering, and other fraudulent activities the government has attributed to cryptoassets.  Though a minor development overall, this move to freeze cryptocurrency exchange accounts indicates that regulators desire to further stifle the domestic cryptocurrency trading industry, which once dominated the global marketplace.  CCN has not been able to confirm which exchange’s WeChat accounts have been closed and which continue to be operational.  CPPCC Member Floats State-Controlled Digital Asset Exchange  Notably, this move to further restrict trading follows a report that a high-ranking member of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) has called for the country to establish a  state-controlled digital asset trading platform  that would allow “enterprises to raise funds [and] trade digital assets.” It is not clear whether such an exchange  — if created  — would list cryptocurrencies.  Chinese officials and state-run media outlets have also lauded the potential of blockchain technology in recent weeks while also stating that these networks ’ decentralized applications should be limited and always built on a centralized foundation.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Sideways: The Price of Freedom Twitter     With the current market movement (or lack of it) it’s important to understand the forces behind it and, at least to some extent, find reasons for the current stillness.  Why is the price moving sideways?  –disclaimer: my opinion is not financial advisement. Investing in cryptocurrencies has huge risks associated so read as much as possible to make better informed decisions –  In my last articles we’ve been discussing how  smart money and dumb money  forces push the price upwards or downwards. If we align this trend with the lack of interest from the general population over cryptocurrency and bitcoin, it becomes clear why has the price been moving sideways.  https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin/  Social Media trend lines  One thing I really like to do is to see how people have been feeling about bitcoin lately. To do that we can check google trends for example.  https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=today%203-m &q=bitcoin,bitcoin%20price,cryptocurrency  Yes, the spikes match the huge price increases and drops which happen throughout late November 2017 to February 2018. What we see for March 2018 is a continue drop of people’s interest on bitcoin.  Worldwide volume  Another key feature of understanding price is looking into how much new money is coming into cryptocurrencies market. To do that, we look at volume.  https://data.bitcoinity.org/markets/volume/30d?c=e &t=b  Looks shady, right? As you can see volume has been quite low across all exchanges. And we’re looking into bitcoin, the most traded cryptocurrency there is. This also shows that clearly there is no new money coming into bitcoin, at least not smart money, as low volume usually means no huge quantity of fresh cash is coming into the market. If we check the number of trades this should give us a confirmation of what we just hypothesised, this is, if the number of trades is dropping over time.  https://data.bitcoinity.org/markets/volume/30d?c=e &t=b  There you have it. Lower trade volume means lower volume, which most likely comes from the lack of new people entering the bitcoin market.  –Man, I Love  Bitcoinity , their interface to check out different data sources is top-notch. Highly advise you to check it out –  New developments  Although no new people are betting on bitcoin, this doesn’t mean the technology hasn’t been improving. Over the last couple of months two major breakthroughs happened. Well, three to be precise.  Segwit implementation  via a softfork during the summer (August 2017); The lightning network being successfully used in the testnet  to buy pizza  (twice!); Segwit actually being adopted  by bigger players like exchanges.  To prove how wonderful this has been I will base my findings In two different sets of data. First we see how the hashrate is looking, this is, the number of machines trying to solve blocks, hence supporting the network.   As you can see it has been increasing over time. These are wonderful news although mining pools are a bit centralized,  which can be a problem . Nevertheless more and more resources are coming into bitcoin, which to me is a good thing. I don’t support the view that  PoW  is a total waste of energy as if used worldwide, energy consumption wouldn’t suddenly skyrocket as there is no connection between the number of miners and the number of users, plus PoW has been the only consensus mechanism that has been  proven to work  in a larger scale. If  PoS ,  directed acrylic graphs,   hashgraph ,  byzantine fault tolerance  and many other options that exist to reach consensus work in larger scales, then I’m completely for to adopting a new method. Until then, let’s just stick to what actually works and test different options.  Secondly, we look at the amount of data on each block, as the purpose of segwit was to make blocks smaller, so capable of having more transactions per block. To check if there has been community support what we do is we check the average segwit transaction count:  http://segwit.party/charts/  Adoption is increasing among big players, as there has been a huge spike recently. More however if we look into segwit transaction adoption rates we’re also greeted with a quite positive outlook.   Where will the price go? Upwards or Downwards?  Many different outcomes may come to price and as some TA experts point out, low support levels exist because they have huge amounts of orders ready to accumulate bitcoin at lower prices.  https://hacked.com/technical-analysis-bitcoin-nears-6-week-high/  Nevertheless the trend line is positive as long as  Bitcoin doesn’t go below the $11,000 line .  If you want my personal (and not financial) advise on how to behave, this is what I usually do:  Follow the smart-money : buy when low, sell when high. Don’t get over-hyped by news. 90% don’t actually matter. Listen to people that possess some form of expertise in cryptocurrency and then try to adapt what I learned to my personal strategies (trading, analysis, technology development, etc). Think for yourself and don’t get greedy. Owning your mistakes is the easiest way to improve.  At the end of the day for a new technology to be exciting it necessarily has to be over-hyped.  If you can share with me in the comments section down below, any example of a completely undervalued technology that later dominated the market, I’m all ears.      Patience. Use the Force. Think.        
DECREASE	   Blockchains Must Have Centralized Foundation: Chinese Regulator  Twitter  An official from one of China’s top financial regulatory agencies said that he believes blockchains function more effectively when they are built on a centralized system.  Zhang Ye, director of the China Securities Regulatory Commission’s (CSRC) information center, said on Sunday that the government should devote “great attention” to the development of blockchain technology.  However, Zhang  — who made these comments at the “Two Sessions” conference in Beijing during an interview with state media outlet  Securities Times   — tempered his enthusiasm for this nascent technology by stating that more research needs to be devoted to building a decentralized blockchain on top of a centralized foundation.  “[F]rom a technical point of view, the absolute decentralization of the blockchain is not valid because the blockchain itself is a software and the software must be centralized,” he said, according to a rough translation. “Therefore, how to build a decentralized system based on a centralized structure needs further study.”  The regulatory official did acknowledge that some blockchain applications may require decentralization, but he said that these scenarios should be limited and he did not go into detail about what applications should and should not be centralized.  “Admittedly, some application scenarios need to be decentralized, but whether all scenarios need to be decentralized requires careful consideration,” he said.  Zhang ’s comments are the latest evidence that China is grappling with whether and how it can reap the benefits of blockchain technology while retaining complete control of the system ’s underlying infrastructure.  Last month, the People’s Daily  — a state-sponsored media outlet  — published an article  praising blockchain technology , even as the government has  taken measures  to snuff out what little volume remains in the country’s once vibrant cryptocurrency trading industry.  Notably, though high-ranking official has also reportedly called for the government to establish a  state-controlled digital asset trading platform , sparking speculation that the government could ease prohibitions on cryptocurrency trading, as long as the markets are directly controlled by the government.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Chinese Politician Suggests a State Blockchain Assets Trading Platform  Twitter  Potentially bullish news from China: A high-ranking official has called for a national digital asset trading platform to be established.  Chinese People ’s Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) member Wang Penjie made the statements earlier this week.  The move would follow strict guidelines, with assets undergoing a vigorous  “approval system ” and users of the platform would also have to undergo a vetting process, confirming real identities. As well as opening the platform, Penjie suggested providing greater investor education regarding blockchain technology.  The official report states:  “[A]fter sound domestic laws and regulations, under the unified cooperation of the Central Bank and the CSRC, a regulated, efficient and clean blockchain digital asset trading platform will be set up for enterprises to raise funds [and trade digital assets. ”  Whilst Penjie ’s suggestion is not an official statement of intent by Chinese authorities, it does represent a noticeable change in perceptions of blockchain technology by officials. It follows a  full-page article  on the benefits of blockchain technology in China ’s official news outlet, The People ’s Daily from last week. The piece was extremely bullish, referring to the technology as  “highly ingenious ” and next internet.  These developments may be indications of a changing policy towards blockchain and cryptocurrency in China. Whilst official sanctioning of the technology is not yet a reality, there is certainly a highly positive sentiment emanating from many circles in Chinese society.  An article from  Sohu  yesterday is one example. It brought together the opinions of over twenty Chinese business leaders, innovators, and regulatory officials and almost all of them had only positive statements to make regarding developing distributed legend technologies, including cryptocurrencies.  Prominent Zeng Ming, chairman of the Academic Committee of Alibaba Group, which reported revenue of  $23.82 billion  last year, said  “the blockchain is a revolution in the relations of production and will inevitably bring about major changes in productivity and a true supply-side revolution ”  This sentiment was shared by Yao Jinbo, founder of 58.com, China ’s largest classified site and with a personal valuation of  $1.2 billion .  “we take the initiative to embrace, to explore the blockchain. Blockchain has the decentralization and deintermediation characteristics, which may be as great as the Internet, which may be a [bigger] historical opportunity than artificial intelligence ”  Others were equally enthusiastic. Cai Wenshseng, Chairman of technology giant Meitu spoke of blockchain technology as both a technological and cognitive revolution. Meanwhile Xu Xiaoping, founder of True Fund, issued a literal call to arms, imploring CEOs to join him  “all in on blockchain ”. His words could not have been more confident:  ” Do not doubt the blockchain, do not hesitate, immediately mobilize all staff to embrace the blockchain. ”  The statements from big industry players in China are not just hot air. This month it was  announced  that a subsidiary of the consumer giant Alibaba had successfully implemented blockchain technology to handle logistics data. At the time of writing over 30,000 imported goods, ranging from Shanghai to Shenzen had been logged with the system.  It appears that China will enthusiastically adopt blockchain technology across industries, with a broad range of use cases. However, there has been some distinction between decentralized virtual currencies, including Bitcoin and Ethereum. China has already  banned  foreign cryptocurrency trading platforms, blocking access to sites using its national firewall. Many observers have interpreted developments in the nation as damning for decentralized currencies  – but today ’s announcement that a national trading platform could be launched may be a turnaround.  Whilst there has not been official confirmation the project will go ahead, and it is also unclear whether Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other decentralized currencies would be included, today ’s news marks a ray of hope.  That ’s because Pengjie ’s suggestion did not explicitly rule out decentralized currencies from being included.  The reopening of Chinese markets would be hugely bullish for cryptocurrency prices  – at the time of the closure of exchanges, Chinese traders represented some  40%  of total market share. We would likely see a huge flood of investors looking to get involved.  Whether this will come to pass is currently speculative, but with enthusiasm for blockchain technology growing significantly, we may not have to wait long to find out.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Erases Yesterday’s Gain, Ripple Drops 11% Twitter  Yesterday, on March 6, the global cryptocurrency market moved closer to the $500 billion mark, as it peaked at $475 billion. Today, the market dropped by nearly $30 billion in value, as major cryptocurrencies recorded losses.  On March 5, CCN reported that the price of Ripple gained momentum due to unverified rumors which claimed Coinbase, the world’s largest cryptocurrency brokerage and wallet platform, will integrate Ripple this week. CCN’s report emphasized that if the unconfirmed rumors do not turn out to be true and Coinbase does not integrate Ripple, the price of the cryptocurrency could fall b y large margins.  “This anticipation could also lead to a large drop in the price of Ripple if Coinbase ends up not integrating Ripple, as it did last year, when similar rumors emerged. It is unlikely that Coinbase will integrate Ripple this week, given that it is still dealing with class action lawsuits regarding insider trading allegations against Coinbase employees,”  CCN reported.  Over the past 24 hours, almost immediately after Coinbase released an official announcement that clarified the company’s plans to not add any new asset on the Coinbase trading platform or GDAX in the short-term, the price of Ripple fell by more than 11 percent.  The official statement of Coinbase read, “our January 4th, 2018 statement continues to stand: we have made no decision to add additional assets to either GDAX or Coinbase. Any statement to the contrary is untrue and not authorized by the company.”  Ripple’s price peaked at 1.08 percent on March 5, recording a staggering 20 percent increase in value. As of March 6, the price of Ripple remains below 0.92.   On January 4, Coinbase released a statement entitled “Our process for adding new assets” after a flurry of rumors emerged, which falsely claimed that Coinbase was planning to integrate Ripple. The price of Ripple spiked by more than 20 percent during that week, similar to this week.  At the time, the Coinbase team  wrote,  “a committee of internal experts is responsible for determining whether and when new assets will be added to the platform in accordance with our framework. These individuals — and all employees at Coinbase — are subject to confidentiality and trading restrictions,” emphasizing that the company is more cautious in adding new assets and strict in sustaining confidentiality regarding new cryptocurrency integrations.  Buying rumors or trading based on unconfirmed news can be extremely risky. If the rumors don’t turn out to be true, and in most cases they don’t, traders can experience a significant drop in the asset they invested in.  Market Recap  Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin and Cardano, five of the largest cryptocurrencies in the market apart from Ripple, have also recorded around 4 percent decline in value on average, as the market fell by over $30 billion.  Other smaller cryptocurrencies like Ziliqa, Factom, Nano, and Ethereum Classic experienced major losses, with Nano and Ethereum Classic dropping by more than 12 percent.  In the futures market, short positions targeting major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ethereum have been opened, and many long positions have been closed.  Featured image from  Shutterstocck .  
DECREASE	   Quebec Premier Disses Bitcoin Miners Seeking Cheap Power Rates in Canada Twitter  Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard has given the cold shoulder to  bitcoin miners  seeking to take advantage of Quebec’s cheap energy costs. Hydro-Quebec, the Montreal,  Canada -based utility, warned last week that cheap power would not be available to every company expanding to the province, hinting the company could set a higher tariff on cryptocurrency miners.  Couillard questioned the industry’s contribution to the local economy,  Bloomberg Technology  reports. Speaking at a conference in Montreal, he said companies must provide an added value for society, and simply having servers doing mining to create bitcoins does not accomplish this.  Bitcoin No, Blockchain Yes  The shrug does not extend to blockchain technology, however, as Couillard said he is more supportive of companies that will create a “real eco-system or a real technological transformation centered on blockchain.” He said he is open to such companies even if they use cryptocurrency to finance their investment.  Hydro-Quebec  had indicated it may consider hiking the cost for bitcoin miners given a flood of pent-up demand in the region, which would thwart the plans of bitcoin miners who depend on low rates for the massive amounts of electricity it requires to power their operations.  Quebec had previously been courting cryptocurrency companies with its low cost, renewable energy, which resulted in an avalanche of requests to supply electricity to cryptocurrency miners looking to set up shop there, creating a demand that exceeds what the utility can deliver.  Bitcoin miners cried foul, including local operation Bitfarms. The startup’s co-founder bemoaned a possible rate hike, saying in a statement:  “We are building the computing power and electrical infrastructure that will power the blockchain with Quebec hydroelectric power,” said Pierre-Luc Quimper, pointing to the dozens of jobs that the company has ushered into the region.  Plus, according to Bitfarms’ Twitter page, they had planned to hire hundreds more across analyst, technician, engineer and developer positions.  Also read:  Quebec electricity utility slammed with requests from cryptocurrency miners  Mining Requests Pour In  Eric Martel, CEO of the utility, said last week he has received hundreds of applications in the past few weeks. The ventures will require more than 9,000 megawatts of energy, which is equal to a quarter of the utility’s total generating capacity of 37,000 megawatts.  Last month, the company reported it was negotiating with more than 30 cryptocurrency companies. Corresponding with people from China, Russia, and many other places, Martel said his phone has been ringing off the hook.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ripple Price Dives after Coinbase Quashes Support Rumors Twitter  The Ripple price posted a double-digit percentage decline on Tuesday after cryptocurrency exchange and brokerage platform Coinbase squashed rumors that it had decided to add XRP to its list of supported assets.  Ripple Price Posts Double-Digit Percentage Decline  The  cryptocurrency markets  made a comprehensive retreat on Tuesday, and more than 90 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies lost value against the US dollar.  However, the Ripple markets endured one of the more significant sell-offs, driving the  XRP price  down  11 percent to a present value of $0.94 after trading as high as $1.08 on Monday. XRP now has a circulating market cap of approximately $36.8 billion.  Ripple Price Chart  XRP trading volume is still heavily concentrated on South Korean exchanges, although somewhat less than it was on Monday. Bithumb ’s XRP/KRW trading pair accounts for nearly 26 percent of all Ripple volume, while fellow XRP/KRW markets Upbit and Coinone comprise another 12 percent. These Korean exchanges are now pricing Ripple at a four percent premium over its value in other markets.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Coinbase Squashes XRP Listing Rumors  While it is true that cryptocurrencies fell across the board, Ripple ’s decline was more than double that of the index, which fell by about five percent.  This is likely because, as CCN  reported , the XRP price had been buoyed by rumors that Coinbase would announce support for Ripple this week. Similar rumors have swirled for several months, presumably because Ripple is the only top five-cryptocurrency not listed on Coinbase. At present, the platform supports Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, and Litecoin.  Ripple backers strongly believe that XRP will be added to Coinbase in the near future. However, the company  tweeted  on Monday that it had  “made no decision to add additional assets to either GDAX or Coinbase, ” adding that any  “statement to the contrary is untrue and not authorized by the company. ”  Unsurprisingly, Coinbase ’s statement took the wind out of the rally ’s sails, and the Ripple price quickly dropped below dollar parity and continued to decline as the market began its comprehensive retreat.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Thailand Law to Regulate [Legalize] Cryptocurrency, ICO Markets Coming in April Twitter  The governor of Thailand’s central bank has confirmed an upcoming law to ‘comprehensively regulate’ cryptocurrency as a former Thai finance minister throws his support behind the idea.  Bank of Thailand governor Veerathai Santiprabhob has  revealed  details of a meeting between the country’s deputy prime minister, finance minister and other related agencies last week wherein the regulators  reportedly  agreed to ‘enact a new law to comprehensively regulate’ cryptocurrencies.  The central bank chief added that the new law – which will look to grant Thailand’s ICO-friendly Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) total regulatory powers – is expected to be finalized in a month’s time.  To this end, SEC secretary-general Rapee Sucharitakul has revealed that a ‘royal decree’ is commonly seen as the path to empower the SEC to regulate ‘all aspects’ of the crypto sector including cryptocurrency exchanges, ICO fundraising.  As  reported  in September, Thailand’s SEC revealed an encouragingly embracive outlook toward initial coin offerings, stressing it “realizes the potential of ICO” in bringing new forms of funding for businesses and startups. The SEC has since seen the drafts of its ICO regulatory framework released for public consultation, twice extended, complete its final round on January 22, the report r evealed.  The idea has gained support from a former Thai finance minister and current FinTech proponent Korn Chatikavanij. Serving as Thailand’s finance minister from 2008 to 2011, Korn has previously been  recognized  as the ‘Global Finance Minister of the Year’  in 2010 after charting a course for the economy through the global financial crisis at the time. The Democrat Party politician now sees a role as chairman of the Thai FinTech Association, a Bangkok-based startup accelerator that also serves as a testing lab for FinTech startups looking to carve an entry into the domestic market.  In an interview last week, the chairman spoke of discussions between the body and Thailand’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Bank of Thailand (the central bank) and the Finance Ministry with a focus on regulation for the cryptocurrency sector brought on by the SEC.  Speaking to the  Bangkok Post , Korn reveals a concentrated effort to have the SEC, not the financial ministry or the central bank, be the sole authority responsible for introducing regulation for the sector.  “I agree with the Finance Ministry ’s [view] of letting the SEC be the only organisation governing digital assets, because it already oversees securities and has a profound understanding of digital assets, ” Korn said.  The former finance minister added:  “Digital assets are new for everyone, and no one knows everything [about them], so all parties should be open-minded, learn about them and have proper rules and regulations. ”  So far, market participants have gotten on-board with the SEC’s floated mandatory “investment participation” requirement wherein ICO operators must have the offering originate in Thailand with capital of up to 5 million baht (approx. $160,000) registered as the minimum.  Bitcoin baht image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Japanese Exchange Coincheck Begins JPY Refunds for NEM Hack Victims Twitter  As of today, Tokyo-based Coincheck has begun distributing reparations to users impacted by the infamous late January theft of some $530 million in NEM.  With an  announcement  on its website today, Coincheck has begun reimbursing funds – in JPY – to the account balances of users who held NEM at the time of the theft on January 26 th . The refund value will be at a fixed rate of 88.549 Japanese yen, approx. $0.83 per NEM token stolen at the time. That’s over twice the current trading value of NEM’s  XEM token , at just under $0.40 at press time.  The theft of over 500 million NEM from the exchange’s hot wallet, now seen as the  largest cryptocurrency hack of all time , was  confirmed  by Coincheck executives during a dramatic press conference on the evening of January 26 th  in Tokyo.  In the immediate aftermath of the attack, Coincheck promised to reimburse customers affected by the theft. The claim was repeated during a press conference last week wherein the company’s chief executive and operations chief outlined the compensation plan on a day when the exchange was  slapped  by a ‘business improvement order’ by Japan’s financial regulator.  While Coincheck executives hinted at a possible malware-related compromise leading to the theft, a report by the  Nikkei  today revealed further details about the intrusion that began with phishing emails directed at Coincheck employees.  Citing a source close to the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department’s ongoing investigation – over 100 police officers are reportedly deployed to look into the ase – English-language emails purporting to be an internal message deployed malware when clicked, enabling an external attacker to gain access to the computer(s). Coincheck’s computers then began transmitting data to exter nal servers in the US and Europe for weeks leading up to midnight January 25. At this point, the intruder gained access to Coincheck’s server housing the private key for its NEM hot wallet before siphoning over 500 million tokens.  Coincheck, which is now mandated to submit a written business improvement plan to Japan’s Financial Services Agency by March 22, is also  resuming  withdrawals and trading of cryptocurrencies including ETH, ETC, XRP, LTC and BCH.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   John Oliver ’s HBO Show Digs Crypto  & Blockchain, Laughs at Bitconnect, EOS in Bitcoin-Themed Episode Twitter  “Discussions of new technology tend to age badly,” John Oliver said as he opened Sunday night’s episode of  Last Week Tonight , “so that said, tonight we are going to talk about cryptocurrencies,” a topic that combines “everything you don’t understand about money” with “everything you don’t understand about computers.”  Oliver spent the next half hour providing his take on Bitcoin mania, and  — though fans of individual projects may disagree  — he largely struck a balanced tone on the ecosystem as a whole.  For a mass media program, the segment gave a respectable high-level description of how blockchain technology works, as well as its ability to “possibly improve security, efficiency, and trust.”  However, Oliver noted that the cryptocurrency ecosystem also has a seedy side, as evidenced by  pump-and-dump schemes ,  initial coin offering (ICO) scams   — and yes,  Bitconnect .   Oliver brought up these examples, not to denigrate the ecosystem or judge it by its worst actors but rather to remind his audience  — whose demographics largely align with those of cryptocurrency investors  — that nobody knows with certainty how this experiment will turn out.  “Who knows? Maybe EOS is going to be the next Google. I don’t think it is, and I certainly don’t think it can be worth over a billion dollars at this point, but I could be wrong. I’m absolutely not, but I could be,” Oliver said in what was probably his least charitable remark of the segment.  All things considered, mass media depictions of cryptocurrency have come a long way since a hitman (played by Jamie Fox) said he wanted to be paid in  “ untraceable bit coins ” in the 2014 comedy  Horrible Bosses  2 .  And, as many social media users have noted in their assessments of the  Last Week Tonight  episode, Oliver has a point. Unfortunately, many investors have invested large sums of money in cryptocurrency and blockchain-related projects without taking the time to research what exactly they are buying.  Oliver just wants them to be careful.  “The point is, if you choose to invest in the cryptocurrency space, just know that you’re not investing. You’re gambling, which is fine, but you should know that that is what you’re doing,” he concluded, shortly before actor Keegan-Michael Key used a  spot-on parody  of Bitconnect promoter Carlos Santos to encourage investors to act responsibly. “The important thing here to remember is that this is a brand new, very complicated space, and literally no one knows how it’s going to develop. So you need to be careful.”  #CraefulGang  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Lightning Strikes! LN Mainnet Reaches 1,000 Nodes Twitter  The Lightning Network (LN) notched another historic achievement over the weekend, as the LN mainnet reached 1,000 active nodes for the first time in its short history.  Lightning Network Mainnet Reaches 1,000 Active Nodes  That ’s despite the fact that this nascent second-layer technology, thought by many to be a  solution to Bitcoin ’s scaling dilemma , remains in alpha-stage testing and has yet to receive a production release.  Lightning Network Nodes and Payment Channels | Source: Twitter/Armin van Bitcoin  Owing to this fact, users have yet to use it to transact meaningful capital. The network is only holding about 4.5 BTC, worth about $43,000 at the present exchange rate. Moreover, nearly forty percent of network-connected nodes do not have any active payment channels.  LN Nodes With (Blue) and Without (Green) Open Payment Channels | Source: BitcoinVisuals  Nevertheless, this level of mainnet adoption is remarkable for a technology that, officially, is still in testing. For reference, there are currently just over 11,000 active nodes on the Bitcoin network, according to according to  CoinDance  data. Bitcoin Cash, whose departure from the main Bitcoin blockchain was largely in response to its embrace of Lightning and off-chain scaling solutions, currently has 1,883 active nodes.  Lightning Speeds Toward User Adoption  Even more remarkable is how quickly users have flocked to the LN mainnet, a clear indication that enthusiasm for this scaling technology remains high.  As CCN reported, the LN testnet launched in December, but it was not long before brave (or perhaps foolhardy) users began setting up mainnet LN nodes as well.  In January, VPN provider  TorGuard  began accepting mainnet LN payments, and before long the company had  received  the first verified LN transaction that included the sale of a physical product.  Last month, Austrian startup Coinfinity  executed  the first LN-based Bitcoin ATM transaction. Then, the LN mainnet added its  1,000th payment channel , a development that occurred shortly before Zap  — a  cross-platform LN wallet   — received a beta release. Finally, Laszlo Hanyecz  — better known as the early Bitcoin user who spent 10,000 BTC on a pizza in 2010  —  christened the Lightning Network  with a similar transaction.  Meanwhile, the beta version of the Lightning software  appears to be nearing its release , though it is unclear when this will occur.  
DECREASE	   Slovenia’s Fourth-Largest City is Home to a Bitcoin Roundabout Twitter  Kranj, the fourth-largest city in Slovenia, will soon make history by unveiling the world’s first public Bitcoin monument.  “ Roundabout Kranj ,” as the monument has been officially dubbed, sees a Bitcoin logo placed in the center of the roundabout connecting Oldhamska and Gregorčičeva street, a  “connecting point ” for the city ’s  “urban ecosystem. ”   A Bitcoin Symbol Roundabout via /r/Bitcoin  https://t.co/YKDcHzL5bZ   pic.twitter.com/VFEehcM7M4  — Blockchain Ventures (@blckchnVentures)  March 12, 2018   The monument was designed by Selman Čorović  & KRARH Society and its construction was financed by cryptocurrency exchange  Bitstamp  and tech startup 3fs, both of which are based in Kranj.  According to a statement, this location was chosen to represent the “decentralized connections” that the blockchain creates between individuals located across the globe, adding that the city hopes the Bitcoin monument will send a message that Slovenia embraces digital technologies.  From the statement:  “By revealing the commemorative monument, Slovenia will create and send into the world a message that emphasises its openness to digitization, its susceptibility to the use of new technologies and its hospitality towards progressive thinking, which aims not only at the optimization of everyday life, but also at interpersonal trust, transparency and cooperation. To local residents it will be a reminder of connectivity and of openness to new things — the foundations of a quality life in the future.”  The Bitcoin monument will officially be unveiled on March 13 in a ceremony opened by Kranj Mayor Boštjan Trilar, Slovenia State Secretary Tadej Slapnik, and Bitcoin Association Slovenia president Jure Pirc.  This is not Slovenia ’s first attempt to attract more blockchain startups to the country.  As CCN  reported , Slovenia Prime Minister Miro Cerar gave a speech last year in which he said that the country was establishing a  “national blockchain ecosystem ” and hoped to become the  “most recognized blockchain destination in the European Union. ”  However, the country has not been quite as welcoming to initial coin offerings (ICOs). In October, the Financial Stability Board  warned  investors that, like other cryptocurrencies, ICO tokens are unregulated, so buyers should  “limit their investments ” in this asset class. That said, regulators stopped short of adopting regulations to prevent investors from contributing to ICOs.  Featured image from BlockchainMonument.  
DECREASE	   Coincheck Hackers Have Already Laundered 40% of 500 Million Stolen NEM Twitter  The hackers behind the record-setting Coincheck theft have successfully laundered 40 percent of the approximately 500 million NEM tokens (XEM) they stole from the exchange in January, cybersecurity consultants say.  Citing research from Tokyo-based consultancy group L Plus,  Nikkei  reports that the hackers have laundered an estimated 200 million XEM, worth $79.3 million on the open market at the time of writing.  However, it is likely the hackers made far less than that figure, as evidence indicates the funds were likely laundered through dark web channels since the NEM Foundation and reputable cryptocurrency exchanges have been working together to blacklist the stolen funds.  The Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department has reportedly assigned about 100 police officers to investigate the Coincheck hack, and this task force has identified suspicious activity at the exchange in the weeks leading up to the theft.  Apparently, the hackers infiltrated Coincheck’s servers by hacking an employee’s email account, after which they were able to gain access to the private key to the platform’s NEM hot wallet, from which they  stole 500 million XEM   — worth $530 million at the time of the hack but just $198 million today.  An unnamed source familiar with the investigation told Nikkei that the laundered funds, which have largely been traded for Bitcoin, will likely eventually be converted into fiat currency. It is unclear whether any of stolen funds have already been cashed out.  The identity of the hackers also remains a mystery, although  previous reports  have said that the attack bore similarities to cyber attacks that have been linked to North Korean state-sponsored hackers.  Japanese financial regulators have  ramped up their oversight  of cryptocurrency exchanges in response to the hack, and the country ’s licensed trading platforms have announced that they will form a  self-regulatory body  that, if approved by the government, will have enforcement power over its members.  As CCN  reported , Coincheck intends to resume trading this week following a government-mandated overhaul of its security systems.  The exchange will also begin compensating the estimated 260,000 customers who lost funds as the result of the hack. Notably, users will be compensated in fiat at a rate of nearly 89 JPY (~$0.83) per token, which is more than double the present XEM/JPY exchange rate.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   No Legal Basis to Ban or Limit Bitcoin Mining: EU Official Twitter  The European Commission has confirmed that it is paying attention to concerns about rising electricity consumption for cryptocurrency mining in the European Union, according to European Commissioner Mariya Gabriel, who oversees digital economy and society.  According to a  notice  on the European Parliament website, Gabriel addressed the issue in response to a question posed to the parliament.  Power Consumption Accelerates  The Commission, Gabriel noted, is aware of the concerns on growing electricity consumption for cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology in general.  The issue is especially critical for bitcoin, for which  mining  is concentrated in China. While two-thirds of all mining takes place in China, according to some estimates, some amount of mining takes place in other places.  There is currently no legal basis to prevent or limit energy consumed within the EU, the statement noted. But given that electrical consumption is an economic activity, it is subject to EU rules that apply to energy efficiency, the power sector and greenhouse gas emissions. Greenhouse gas emissions in the power sector are covered by the EU emission trading system.  The cryptocurrency mining business model is based on delivering a high valuation of cryptocurrencies, the statement noted. The increasing electricity consumption and cost is likely to modify the value of and demand for cryptocurrencies.  Mining Is Legal  The Commission has not invoked any way to track cryptocurrency mining because it is not an illegal activity. However, the Commission will review the activity as it impacts the demand for energy.  It is important to keep in mind that many promising applications of blockchain technology do not have extensive need for processing power, Gabriel’s statement further noted.  In January,  International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde told the World Economic Forum  that bitcoin mining is too energy intensive. Many analysts and environmentalists have sounded the alarm on the industry’s power usage, and Lagarde said that it has turned in to a “big concern” given that the world is already battle climate change.  Also read:  IMF ’s Lagarde says that bitcoin mining consumes too much electricity  EU Explores Blockchain  The European Commission announced plans last year to establish an EU Blockchain Observatory  in response to a European Parliament mandate to strengthen technical expertise and regulatory capacity. The project will include an observatory and a forum to gather input on distributed ledger technology and blockchain technology. The goal is to establish an EU expertise resource for forward-looking blockchain topics and develop EU use cases.  Another goal is to assist the EC in determining what role – if any – government authorities can play to encourage the creation of such technologies and to develop policy recommendations.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Officials from Upstate New York Town Seek to Ban Bitcoin Mining Twitter  Plattsburgh, NY city officials want to reserve their cheap electricity for non-crypto economic development. Plattsburgh, NY is located in Clinton County, and its current claim to claim to fame is a new Showtime series featuring Ben Stiller about an escape from a local prison  being filmed downtown . But bitcoin mining is also making headlines, amid fears that the town ’s power supply could be depleted.  Plattsburgh boasts some of the cheapest energy prices in the United States because of hydroelectric power stemming from the St. Lawrence River. When the dams were formed on the river nearly 70 years ago, the town locked in low electricity rates for a fixed supply. Bitcoin miners are taking advantage of it, but the city ’s mayor is  crying foul .  “With great use of additional power, we are put over our threshold each winter and we are put over our threshold of ratepayers, ” said Mayor Colin Read.  This is threatening the business of mining operations such as David Bowen ’s Plattsburgh BTC, a 20-computer business housed in an old paper warehouse. Bowen recognized the opportunity in the town back in 2014 and has been mining bitcoin ever since. Good news traveled fast, and since that time a handful of other bitcoin miners have become his neighbors.  But now their fate hangs in the balance. According to reports, bitcoin mining consumers about 10% of Plattsburgh power generation. Mayor Read said that this has led to the city having to purchase power in the open market at rates  much higher  than the rate base.  Power Struggle  While other businesses in the town consumer similar amounts of energy, the mayor would prefer to see the power supply go to a business that adds hundreds of jobs to the area. He  quipped to  The New York Times  about bitcoin miners:  “They hire a security guard,” he said. “And a guy who comes when something breaks.”  Meanwhile, about 80 miles down the road from Plattsburgh in Massena, NY, where there are also low-cost power agreements in place for industrial use, Coinmint wants to develop a 16,000-computer server bitcoin mining facility. The company is still in negotiations but the prospects look good amid a downturn in aluminum smelting that took a hit on the local economy.  Coinmint is looking to occupy the abandoned aluminum plant, where it plans to introduce some 150 jobs to the area. The company has reportedly  requested access to  15mw of cheap power.  Plattsburgh city officials plan to take up the topic of bitcoin mining at an upcoming hearing scheduled for mid-March.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Thomson Reuters is Charting Bitcoin Adopters ’ Emotions as Data for Traders Twitter  Thomson Reuters  has teamed with MarketPsych Data LLC, a provider of quantitative behavioral economics, to launch a new version of its MarketPsych Indices for cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. The new version offers Thomson Reuters ’ first sentiment data feed for bitcoin, along with new and/or enhanced market sentiment data for several asset classes, new user capabilities and additional coverage.  The feed has added more than 400 news and social media sites, many specific to cryptocurrencies. Each site is scanned and scored in real-time to capture market moving themes and sentiments. TRMI v3.0 also expands sentiment coverage of national fixed income securities and stock market indexes for the Eurozone and the top 61 global economies. Currencies, countries and agricultura l commodities asset classes have also been expanded.  Higher Precision  Modifications have been deployed in source selection, entity recognition, and other features to provide higher precision of measurements compared to prior versions. Data is delivered minutely, hourly and daily, extending back to 1998.  “News and social media are driving the investment and risk management process more than ever with the continuing rise of passive and quant-driven trading,” said Austin Burkett, global head, Quant and Feeds, Thomson Reuters. “As the financial marketplace rises in complexity, so too does the need to provide our clients with not only the relevant data, but the tools to help them m anage and analyze that data. MarketPsych 3.0 helps deliver another layer of analysis and value-add in the investing process.”  Also read:  Thomson Reuters plugs its market data to Ethereum, Corda blockchains  Building On A Mission  Thomson Reuters MarketPsyche Indices, launched in 2012, analyze social media and news in real time across 800 global financial social media sites and 2,000 global news sites. TRMI converts the variety and volume of professional social media and news into manageable information flows to improve investing decisions and risk management across asset classes. The data is incorporate d seamlessly into both qualitative and quantitative analysis to enable investment and other professionals to identify patterns impacting their businesses. The text analytics engine uses patented natural language processing software.  Thomson Reuters provides transparent cross-asset insight into both new and traditional emerging asset classes. The company currently lists prices for bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple and Bitcoin Cash via its Eikon financial desktop platform. Eikon also carries MVIS indices provided by Cryptocompare and  CBOE  and  CME Group’s  bitcoin futures.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Dutch Finance Minister Urges Multi-National Regulation Of Cryptocurrencies Twitter  Wopke Hoekstra , the Dutch Minister of Finance has notified the Senate and House of his plans to take action regarding the regulation of cryptocurrencies, which he claims are expanding and in need of better regulation. In a public  letter , Hoekstra said he intends to work with other European nations on this issue, but he acknowledges regulations will take time to develop.  Hoekstra noted that the number of Dutch citizens who have invested in cryptocurrencies has jumped in the last year, with half a million households now owning it.  Gaps In Protection  There is a need to close gaps in consumer and investor protection, Hoekstra said, but actions must be proportionate to the risks. Also, the integrity of the financial system must be guaranteed, as well as the integrity of the technologies supporting cryptocurrencies, such as cryptography and distributed ledger.  The European nations have recognized the risk of cryptocurrencies as the deposits are not guaranteed. There are also concerns about cryptocurrency being used for illegal purposes, such as money laundering.  Current regulatory frameworks for cryptocurrency are insufficient, he said. As a result, Germany, France and the  European Commission  have called for discussion. The  Netherlands , he said, should play a pioneering role.  Cryptocurrencies, due to no central authority, are inherently cross-border currencies, Hoekstra noted. In addition, national regulations can be hard to enforce. Hence, he believes international measures are necessary.  Action Planned  Hoekstra will be part of the Financial Action Task Force, an international, intergovernmental which focuses on tackling money laundering and countering the financing crime and terrorism.  Anti-money laundering rules that apply to banks and other financial institutions also apply to exchange platforms for cryptocurrencies and providers of digital storage vouchers.  This means that the customer due diligence obligations, including the identity of the client, must be determined. In addition, financial institutions must register, comply with reliability and suitability requirements and report unusual transactions to the national Financial Intelligence Unit.  As for government agencies investing in cryptocurrencies, Hoekstra said the guidelines for investing in cryptocurrencies by local authorities are established in the Local Government Funding Act and other regulations.  He said he will dedicate himself to a European approach to regulating ICOs, which he noted can be used to finance new products, but are speculative in nature.  Also read:  French, German finance officials call for global crackdown on cryptocurrency  Derivatives Call  For Action  He will also seek an approach to address derivative products such as futures and binary options. Regarding derivatives, it has been possible to trade in  bitcoin  derivatives since Chicago Mercantile Exchange and the Chicago Board of Options Exchange introduced bitcoin futures.  Binary options are also derivative products that can be used to speculate on the future value or event of an underlying instrument, which can be a cryptocurrency.  The AFM, the Dutch authority for financial markets, and the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) have expressed reservations about the sale of derivative products including binary options to non-professional investors, given the risks involved. Hoekstra thinks it ’s important that the regulators address the sale of these products to non-professional investors, especially those involving cryptocurrencies.  He said he will support rapid action in the Netherlands in respect to the sale of risky derivative products (including on cryptocurrencies) to draw the attention of European supervisors.  He will also support giving the AFM the power to issue advertising statements regarding risky financial products such as binary options to consumers.  Hoekstra said he hopes for legislation and regulations can become effective at the end of 2019.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   The Danger of Centralization That [Still] Exists in the Blockchain Ecosystem Twitter  The indirect centralization of blockchain solutions is a developing trend within that must be dealt with before it overtakes the entire blockchain ecosystem. This development appears like a terrible weed that is threatening the stems of a tender vegetation that holds a lot of promise. New, centralized additions to blockchain technology have the potential to impede mainstream adoption. This includes centralized web API’s providing blockchain access, centralized exchanges, and decentralized applications with central points of failure.  Middlemen should be Eliminated  When you consider the calamity that centralized solutions have brought the blockchain ecosystem (think Mt. Gox, Bitfinex, etc.), you can easily see the dire need for blockchain to stay decentralized. Adding centralized pieces to the equation is a slippery slope which threatens blockchain at large.  The internet should be decentralized. The credit industry should be decentralized. P2P markets should be decentralized. Identity should be decentralized. Loans should be decentralized. Anything that has a trusted 3rd party act a middle man without adding value should be replaced with a decentralized system.  To understand why centralization is such a large threat, we first need to take a deeper dive into the decentralized nature of blockchain technology. And before we do that, we need to understand the difference between blockchain based cryptocurrencies and traditional money. In his Lecture at Melbourne Tech Center, Andreas Antonopoulos said:  “For every problem in finance, there is a simple and easy solution, and that solution is wrong and it ’s centralized.”  Traditional Money  Money used to be tied to the gold standard. This meant you could exchange bank notes for gold. The US dollar used to read: “Redeemable in gold on demand at the United States Treasury, or in gold or lawful money at any federal reserve bank.”  In 1971,  Nixon terminated the dollar’s redeemability in gold . This marked the end of the US dollar’s gold standard. Now the dollar reads: ”This note is legal tender for all debts, public and private”  The dollar was no longer a ticket that can be exchanged for gold. It became an “IOU” from the government. Money is no longer backed by gold but government bonds. You can see countries all over the world now employing this same model.  Money is no longer backed by something real. It’s fiat. It’s an arbitrary assigner of value we use based off of the trust we have for each other and our government.  Money on your ATM screen isn’t really digital cash. It’s just numbers on a screen connected to a bank’s database of debt and assets. These numbers are arbitrated by centralized banks. They update your account balance in their systems when you withdraw or deposit cash. Cash isn’t moved around every time you use your debit card, that would be far too tedious. Instead, banks just  hold on to large amounts of value and arbitrate values inside their databases.  Decentralizing that same burden of arbitration is the way to create a truly digital currency that is self-enforcing and doesn’t require a 3rd party arbiter to be involved.  Replacing centralized powers like banks with a decentralized peer-2-peer economy was one of the original goals for blockchain technology. Let’s examine this in more detail.  Blockchain Explained  Put simply, Blockchain technology is really just a database.  A blockchain is a ledger that records how much value is stored in different accounts. Everytime Bob sends Alice money, the value in the database for Bob’s account is reduced, while Alice’s is increased.  Centralized banks have similar databases, but the difference is who is regulating and verifying all the values and transactions in their respective databases.  With banks, it’s the bank itself that acts as a trusted middleman. Bob can’t spend more money than he has because the bank is watching and enforcing his account. The number on his ATM screen, is the number in the bank’s database associated with his account.  With blockchain, the whole database is shared with every user. Every connected computer (or node) to the network runs the same database, verifies, and regulates all transactions on the blockchain. Bob can’t spend more than he has because everyone else on the blockchain network is watching and enforcing the rules. Every user on the blockchain can see how much money is in every a ccount, and the details of every transaction. However, through cryptography, these accounts remain anonymous.  A combination of cryptography and “sharing the burden” allows for a decentralized medium (blockchain) to enforce the transfer of value. Bitcoin, for example, is really just a list that says Bob has 5 coins and Alice has 10 coins. When Bob sends a coin to Alice, the list gets updated. Now Bob has 4 coins and Alice has 11.  Cryptographic keys  ensure that ONLY Bob’s private key will allow him to access his account and send money to someone. This cryptographic key replaces accounts within a centralized bank. With the centralized model, you store all your private information at a bank and then verify your identity with your social security number, password, and/or ID. On the blockchain, all you need is your private ke y to create a cryptographically secure account. This also provides some anonymity, as your account isn’t associated with your name on the blockchain but instead, it’s associated with a public cryptographic key.  Value on the Blockchain  So then, what incentivizes people to update this blockchain ledger and remain honest?  You’ve probably heard of mining. Mining is the process of recording valid transactions and creating new “blocks”. Blocks quite literally the building blocks that make up the blockchain database. Each block contains several blockchain transactions. Every few minutes, new transactions and account updates are added to a new “block” which then gets added to a chain of blocks. This  represents the entire ledger of the blockchain. These blocks could be an update for an account balance, or the recording of transactions. This is what allows the blockchains to update their ledger without relying on a centralized 3rd party. A miner would be the one who inscribed the transaction between Bob and Alice onto the blockchain.  So, you might wonder, is blockchain technology just a way to replace traditional money?  You’ve also probably heard of Ethereum. Ethereum greatly increased the use cases for blockchain technology. Ethereum allows you to add more than just a digital currency to the blockchain.”Tokens” can be anything as long as it can be programmatically described. This is because ethereum is equipped with a turing complete programming language. This allows any complicated piece of  value (think property, identity, or debt) to be turned into a token.  You can create a token that holds all the necessary information for a piece of property and create a digital deed. Any piece of value that can be digitally encoded, can be tokenized and created as a digital asset on the blockchain. This can even include your identity.  Ethereum also allows for smart contracts.  Smart contracts  create specific arbitration of value transfers. Any logic in a written contract can be turned into a digital smart contract which mediates the transfer of assets.  Bob can program 5 coins to leave his account and go to Alice’s the instant Alice electronically signs an agreement. Bob can also program money to sit in escrow until certain conditions have been satisfied.  All of these transactions are enforced by your peers. This allows a decentralized network of computers to take the place of most middlemen.  This decentralization is clearly the key to what gives blockchain its uniqueness and value. The instant we allow a centralized party to play a crucial role in blockchain technology, we have defeated the purpose of blockchain technology.  The Failures of Centralization  Cryptocurrencies are useful because they are decentralized and trustless. When you rely on a 3rd party to give you blockchain access, like a web API, or rely on a centralized exchange, you have added a centralized layer that requires you to trust someone else. Any DAPP that has a single point of failure is no longer a decentralized application.  We need decentralized exchanges. This is what happened with Mt. Gox. Bitcoin was introduced as the first decentralized currency. It sparked wonder into the eyes of people across the world. Thanks to the underlying blockchain technology, we now have the ability to decentralize almost everything.  The problem was that  Mt. Gox tried to recentralize bitcoin . They actually centralized control over the keys for accounts on the exchange. When all the control over money resides with one individual or entity, things don’t usually work out well. Mt. Gox handled 70% of bitcoin transactions worldwide at one point. That is way too much centralization involved with what is supposed to be a decentralized currency.  So what happened? They lost well over 400 million dollars worth of Bitcoin.  Why did it happen? Because they centralized all the keys.  This is why decentralized exchanges are needed. What happened to Mt. Gox is nearly impossible in the world of decentralized exchanges. These projects may be more complicated and less convenient that easy centralized solutions, but they are absolutely necessary.  Decentralized Solutions  Projects like  Stellar  and  Waves  go a long way to represent the values of decentralization that the ecosystem requires. They are promising projects that offer a decentralized option. When it comes to blockchain we will always have a centralized solution. It may be easier, but for the sake of the technology at large we need to start adopting more decentralized options.  Acclaimed blockchain solutions where individual entities control over 50% of the nodes automatically betray the essence of the technology. Therefore, the numerous companies within the ecosystem that display such models are the cause for the existing worry over centralization.  Centralized web API’s are basically setting up nodes on behalf of end users. Users of web API’s have to completely rely on a centralized and trusted third party. This sets you up for all the vulnerabilities that Mt. Gox did. Mt. Gox is just one example. We’ve seen centralized failures in Bitfinex and even Wells Fargo. The most recent devastating example of centralized failure i s the Equifax hack that put millions of Americans at risk.  Just like exchanges, there are decentralized options for blockchain access.  MIMIR Blockchain Solutions  claim to provide that decentralized option. Instead of getting all of your blockchain access from a centralized source, you will be able to get blockchain access in a secure and decentralized manner.  Both decentralized exchanges and decentralized blockchain service providers employ game theoretics in the same way standard blockchain technology does. These game theoretics that incentivize cooperation are what keeps the system decentralized.  Decentralization is really the secret weapon of blockchain technology. Evan Van Ness sums all of this up in one coherent thought:  “Centralization is power. And power corrupts.”  Making Is Impossible to Fail  When you add a centralized layer, you bring along all the problems that blockchain looks to remove. You now create a central point of failure. This single point failure allows theft of assets.  Mustafa Inamullah, Creative Content and Design Lead at MIMIR, shared that,  “No one should ever have to be at the mercy of a 3rd party that has the ability to easily profit from malicious activity. It isn’t about whether a 3rd party would or would not commit malicious activity. Maybe your centralized exchange or centralized API really does have good intentions. This is irrelevant. It’s a question of whether or not it’s statistically easy for a 3rd part y to get away with malicious activity.”  There should be no easy way to cheat the system, but unfortunately every centralized layer has the ability to cheat the system. No individual entity should have the ability to easily game the system grossly in their favor. Decentralization allows us to make these failures of centralization nearly impossible.  Blockchain allows for it to be statistically impossible to game the system. We need to keep this. Centralized entities have done great things so far, but if we want to keep the value of blockchain tech, things must remain decentralized. Projects must remain decentralized enough that there is no room for an individual to have the ability to easily game the system grossly in thei r favor.  Centralization opens up the ability for many things. This includes counterfeits, authorities who can change the rules as they see fit, account freezes, security vulnerabilities, and it even allows for devastating human error. The community as a whole needs to opt for the decentralized solution.  If we can make malice statistically impossible, then why wouldn ’t we? Why would we allow for potential edge cases that allow for theft of assets?  For the sake of blockchain technology, don’t settle for centralized options. When given the choice option, always defer to the decentralized model.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Moves Closer to $400 Billion as Bitcoin Surges 14% Twitter  Over the past 24 hours, the cryptocurrency market has sustained strong momentum, moving closer to the $400 billion region. Led by bitcoin, many major cryptocurrencies have recorded large gains since March 11.  Bitcoin Up 14%  Bitcoin, the most dominant cryptocurrency in the market, has recorded a gain of over 14 percent since yesterday, rising from $8,400 to $9,800. On both cryptocurrency-only exchanges like Binance and cryptocurrency-to-fiat exchanges like Bitfinex, bitcoin demonstrated strong volumes, despite its struggles last week, amidst the Mt. Gox bitcoin sell off.   The rise in the price of bitcoin and the momentum it has started to build over the past few days are likely triggered by optimistic developments within the cryptocurrency industry, and a prolonged recovery from the long-lasting correction since January.  Major businesses in South Korea including the country’s largest hotel booking platform Yeogi Eottae and leading e-commerce platform WeMakePrice have began integrating cryptocurrencies in collaboration with Bithumb, the biggest cryptocurrency trading platform in South Korea.  While it may require several months for the two influential businesses to start accepting cryptocurrencies, Bithumb spokesperson stated that the integration of cryptocurrencies by the two companies will lead to other major businesses in the country accepting cryptocurrencies in the near future.  Already, Kakao, the largest internet conglomerate in South Korea that operates KakaoTalk, KakaoPay, KakaoTaxi, KakaoStory, Dunamoo (UpBit), and many other subsidiaries that remain in dominant control over their respective industries and markets, have initiated the integration process of cryptocurrencies.  As  CCN reported,  the integration of cryptocurrencies by Kakao will allow 12,000 merchants using KakaoPay to accept cryptocurrencies with ease, millions of users on KakaoTaxi, KakaoPay, and potentially KakaoTalk, to send and receive cryptocurrencies, and tens of millions of consumers to utilize cryptocurrencies as a payment method.  Previously, Starbucks chairman Howard Schultz stated that in order for cryptocurrencies to “survive,” retailers will need to adopt them as a means of payment. Schultz said:  “I personally believe that there is going to be a one or a few legitimate trusted digital currencies off of the blockchain technology. And that legitimacy and trust in terms of its consumer application will have to be legitimized by a brand and a brick and mortar environment, where the consumer has trust and confidence in the company that is providing the transaction.”  The adoption of cryptocurrencies by businesses in South Korea and Japan could lead to massive adoption, especially for major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ethereum.  Short-Term  The long-term growth of bitcoin, Ethereum, and other cryptocurrencies is optimistic, given the progress markets like South Korea and Japan have shown in recent months.  In the short-term, analysts remain divided on the trend of bitcoin and the market. Some argue that the price of bitcoin could spike to $12,000 and initiate a strong rally towards its previous levels, while other investors argue that bitcoin would require more time to recover fully from its correction.  But, it is evident that the market is leading towards bitcoin in a highly volatile period like this, as newcomers enter the market.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Charges Toward $10,000 as Bulls Regain Footing Twitter  The Bitcoin price charged back toward $10,000 on Monday as the bulls began to regain their footing following last week ’s downturn.  Bitcoin Price Charges Toward $10,000 as Bulls Regain Footing  Bitcoin began the week on a high note, climbing nine percent to approximately $9,800 on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex.  This bullish pivot reversed some of the damage from last week ’s correction, which saw the Bitcoin price sink as low as $8,342 on March 9 after peaking at $11,700 just four days prior.  Bitcoin now has a $166.8 billion market cap, which translates into a 42.1 percent share of total cryptocurrency market cap.  BTC Price Chart  At present, Bitcoin ’s trading volume very well distributed, with no single trading pair accounting for more than 10 percent of the coin ’s global volume.  Notably, a slight spread has opened up between Bitcoin ’s USD and KRW pairs, as BTC/USD is trading consistently at $9,800 across Bitfinex, GDAX, and Bitstamp, while South Korea-based Upbit and Bithumb each price it above an equivalent value of $10,140. While not exactly a return of the  “ kimchi premium , ” this indicates that demand among Korean investors remains strong despite the introduction of regulatory measures meant to cool off the markets.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Recovers from Mt. Gox Panic  Last week ’s Bitcoin price dive correlated with a  “perfect storm ” of bearish factors.  As CCN  reported , US regulators took several shots at initial coin offerings (ICOs). The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) warned cryptocurrency exchanges that it is  “unlawful ” for them to list ICO tokens the SEC deems to be securities. Meanwhile, a newly-released Treasury Department letter suggested that ICO operators may have to comply with bank-grade reporting requirements and anti-money laundering regulations. Though targeted specifically at ICOs, these developments injected a bearish sentiment into the wider cryptocurrency markets.  Moreover, news broke that the Mt. Gox trustee had  liquidated more than $400 million  worth of Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash on cryptocurrency exchanges over the previous several months. While it is debatable to what extent this sale had a meaningful effect on the Bitcoin price during the recent market correction,  the fact that the trustee continues to hold nearly $2 billion worth of cryptocurrency  — and has demonstrated a willingness to sell on exchanges, rather than through the  over-the-counter  (OTC) services typically exercised by large-scale buyers and sellers  — further worsened the mood among investors.  However, it appears that traders oversold these developments, as the Bitcoin price has once again proved buoyant in the face of adversity.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Crypto Exchange Binance Offers $250,000 Hacker Bounty Twitter  In the aftermath of a notable hacking attempt last week, cryptocurrency exchange Binance is now offering a $250,000 reward for details leading to the arrest of the hacker(s) behind the attack.  In an  announcement  on Sunday, Hong Kong-based Binance said it is offering a $250,000 bounty for tips leading to the arrest of hackers involved in a hacking attempt on March 7 th . Now among the world’s biggest cryptocurrency exchanges,  a security incident  last week involving registered API keys led to irregular trading activity with a handful of users seeing unauthorized trades. The following day, Binance chief executive Changpeng Zhao assured users that all irregular trades had been reversed with all user funds safe and intact.  Now described as a “large-scale, organized effort”, Binance is looking to retaliate against the hacker(s) who targeted the platform.  The exchange wrote:  “The first person to supply substantial information and evidence that leads to the legal arrest of the hackers, in any jurisdiction, will receive the equivalent of $250,000 USD in BNB. The exchange rate will be determined at time of transfer. ”  In addition to the bounty – BNB or Binance coin is a token that can be traded and used on the platform  – Binance has also reserved the equivalent of $10 million in cryptocurrency for future bounty rewards against malicious hacking activity targeting the exchange. Binance also called on other exchanges and industry firms to hop on board with going on the offensive against hackers. “We have also invited other exchanges and crypto businesses to join our initiative,” the exchange sa id.  In the days following the attack, Binance revealed that a “large scale phishing and stealing attempt” triggered its automatic risk management system to halt all withdrawals. The phishers had combed Binance user credentials over a long period of time before creating accompanying trading API keys before placing a large number of buy orders on VIA coins, a cryptocurrency with smal l liquidity. As  reported  by CCN at the time, the pump didn’t go unnoticed with the price of VIA/BTC spiking by several hundred percent.  The exchange added:  “The phishers were well organized. They were patient enough to not take any immediate action, and waited for the most opportune moment to act. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Malta Wants to Become The  ‘Blockchain Island ’, With World’s Largest Cryptocurrency Exchange Twitter  This week, Binance, the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange with a $1.7 billion daily trading volume, has relocated its headquarters to Malta, a region that has always been friendly to cryptocurrency businesses and investors.  Along with its current team, Binance has moved its resources over to Malta, and has decided to employ more than 200 full-time employees to fully establish the company in the region. For any multi-billion dollar startup like Binance, the relocation of headquarters comes with difficulties, especially in regards to finances and regulatory conflicts.   But, it seems evident that the pro-blockchain attitude of Malta authorities has given Binance confidence to relocate its team and business to the region, placing Malta at the forefront of cryptocurrency growth.  Malta, The Blockchain Island  Silvio Schembri, Malta’s Parliamentary Secretary for Financial Services, Digital Economy  & Innovation, stated in an interview with the Binance team that the country remains confident in the work that is being done in the cryptocurrency sector. He further emphasized that Binance’s presence in the region would continue to allow Malta to evolve into the Blockchain Island.  “This is a clear vote of confidence in our country and the work being done in this sector, mainly by the latest policy launched to offer a regulatory framework of DLT operations. It is obvious that Malta has become a natural point of reference on the international sphere and companies such as Binance will continue to look into Malta to further expand their operations or establi sh a base. Binance’s presence in Malta sustains our vision, that of making Malta ‘The Blockchain Island,’”  said Schembri.  In an official statement, the Binance team noted that Malta’s existing regulations and pro-blockchain legislation for its local cryptocurrency businesses ultimately convinced the company to invest in the European nation, after visiting and evaluating several regions.  Changpeng Zhao, the CEO at Binance who is better known as CZ, stated that the Binance team were inspired by the logical and forward-thinking nature of Schembri, and the rest of the Malta government.  “After meeting with Parliamentary Secretary, Mr Silvio Schembri, we were impressed by the logical, clear and forward-thinking nature of Malta’s leadership. After reviewing a proposal bill, we are convinced that Malta will be the next hotbed for innovative blockchain companies and a centre of the blockchain ecosystem in Europe. Binance is committed to lending our expertise to he lp shape a healthy regulatory framework as well as providing funds for other blockchain start-ups to grow the industry further in Malta,” Zhao said.  Influence on Other Regions  Recently, South Korean authorities have started to discuss the possibility of legalizing domestic initial coin offerings (ICOs) once again, after Kakao, the country’s largest internet conglomerate that operates KakaoTalk, KakaoPay, KakaoStory, KakaoStock, and KakaoTaxi, the country’s largest app that have nearly 90 percent market share of the messaging, payment, social media, o nline stock brokerage, and taxi service markets, revealed its plans to move its blockchain venture outside of South Korea.  Inevitably, startups and multi-billion dollar conglomerates will relocate to regions that are equipped with pro-blockchain legislature and are led by forward-thinking regulators. Malta’s warm welcome of cryptocurrency businesses and exchanges will likely influence other regions, like Japan and South Korea, to continue providing sound regulations to businesses to ensure their ma rkets can grow exponentially, without regulatory conflicts.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Russian Official Refutes Country’s Role In Venezuela’s Petro Crytpocurrency Twitter  A Russian official claims that his country never partnered with  Venezuela  on the  Petro , Venezuela ’s national cryptocurrency, Russia ’s news source  Tass  reported on Friday. The Petro marks the world’s first state cryptocurrency.  Artyom Kozhin, deputy director of the information and press department of the Russian Foreign Ministry, on Friday claimed a news story published by Time magazine and other news sources claiming to have an exclusive on the Petro’s Russian origin are false.  Russian Claims Time Ignored Facts  The Russian Finance Ministry advised Time magazine that it firmly denied any involvement in the Petro, and that Time ignored the ministry’s statement. In a meeting on Feb. 21, 2018 in Moscow, Kozhin said Simon Zerpa, Venezuela’s Minster of Economy and Finance, gave a booklet about the cryptocurrency to the Russian finance minister only to inform the Russians about the project,  but none of the parties mentioned reviewed or discussed Russian-Venezuelan activity about cryptocurrency.  The Petro, the rate of which is linked to the cost of oil produced in Venezuela, was announced in December by Venezuela’s president Nicolas Maduro as a payment tool to escape global sanctions and a U.S. blockade. The Petro pre-sale of 82.4 million Petros was announced on Feb. 20, 2018.  Time: Putin Authorized Involvement  Time magazine reported that Russian president  Vladimir Putin authorized helping Venezuela launch the Petro , citing anonymous sources close to the “half hidden joint venture.”  The Time report mentioned two Russians with ties to Russian banks acting as advisers on the Petro, Denis Druzhkov and Fyodor Bogorodsky. The two Russians were reportedly seated in the front row in the presidential palace during the Petro’s launch.  Druzhkov, according to an Associated Press report, is CEO of Zeus Trading, which was fined $31,000 and barred from trading three years ago by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange for fraudulent trading in futures’ contracts.  Bogorodsky, according to the report, lives in Uruguay and was described by the government as director of a company, Aerotrading, whose website consists of a single home page with no company information.  Also read:  Russia  ‘secretly ’ helped Venezuela launch state crypto Petro: report  Time Sourced Russian Bank Official  Senior Kremlin advisers have overseen the Petro project, according to a Russian state bank executive who deals with cryptocurrencies, Time reported. In addition, Putin signed off on the project last year, the report said.  “People close to Putin, they told him this is how to avoid the sanctions. This is how the whole thing started,” the state bank executive reportedly added.  The Kremlin did not respond to a request for comment from Time, but Moscow’s Finance Ministry said none of Russia’s financial authorities were involved in developing or launching the Petro.  The Venezuelan government did not respond to the magazine for comment either.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Kik Messenger to Launch Kin Token on Two Blockchains Twitter  Popular chat app Kik has unveiled plans to deploy its Kin tokens on both the Ethereum and Stellar blockchains, making it one of the first cryptocurrencies to feature bidirectional network support.  Kik developer Gadi Srebnik made the announcement in a Wednesday  blog post , explaining how the company  — which  raised $98 million  through an initial coin offering (ICO) last year  — will deploy its cryptocurrency on multiple blockchains to enhance liquidity and efficiency within its ecosystem.  Until now, Kin has operated as an ERC20 token on the Ethereum blockchain. Frustrated with the network’s susceptibility to network congestion, Kik said last year that it would  transfer its tokens to Stellar , whose federated consensus model allows for faster, cheaper payments.  However, Stellar is far less liquid than Ethereum, so swapping blockchains would have come with its drawbacks. Recognizing this, Kik developed a way to deploy Kin in parallel on both blockchains  — without increasing the total supply. Internal transactions with a single digital service will likely utilize the Stellar-based tokens, while external payments and exchange volume will probably occur primarily. on the Ethereum network.  Srebnik wrote:  “While Ethereum provides liquidity for Kin holders, its load times and fees can’t support our needs for day-to-day consumer use. The addition of Stellar as a second blockchain will allow us to operate the Kin Ecosystem on a faster, more efficient foundation, with low transaction fees — which is necessary for us to achieve the speed and scalability that digital services in the e cosystem will require.”  Once the Stellar-based Kin token has been released and fully-initialized  — which will occur later this year  — users will be able to move their tokens between networks by locking them up on one and unlocking them on the other, presumably through a smart contract mechanism. Developers say that this will help ensure that the tokens maintain a stable value across the two networks.  However, Srebnik said that developing this mechanism will likely take several months. He did not clarify whether this would lead to a delay in the release of the standalone Kin app, which will run on the Stellar blockchain.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   IRS Reminds Taxpayers Cryptocurrency Income Is Taxable Twitter  U.S. taxpayers are required to report income from virtual currency transactions, the  Internal Revenue Service  has advised taxpayers in a notice.  The agency has provided guidance on virtual currency in IRS Notice 2014-21 for taxpayers and tax preparers.     Just like transactions in any other property, virtual currency transactions are taxable. Those who fail to report the  income tax  consequences of such transactions can be audited and possibly liable for interest and penalties, the IRS noted.  Criminal Prosecution Possible  Taxpayers can also be subject to criminal prosecution in extreme situations for not properly reporting the income tax consequences of virtual currency transactions. Criminal charges include filing a false tax return and tax evasion.  Persons convicted of tax evasion are subject to a fine of up to $250,000 and a prison term of up to five years. Those convicted of filing a false tax return are subject to a fine of up to $250,000 and a prison term of up to three years.  Virtual currency is generally defined as a digital representation of value functioning in generally the same manner as a nation’s traditional currency. Since virtual currency transactions can be hard to trace and have an inherently “pseudo-anonymous” aspect, taxpayers can be tempted to hide taxable income from the IRS, the notice stated.  Also read:  Trump ’s new economic adviser hints at friendly tax policy for crypto investors  Property Tax Implications  Virtual currency is treated as property for federal tax purposes, according to Notice 2014-21. General tax principles apply to property transactions that use virtual currency. This includes the following rules:  A virtual currency payment is subject to information reporting to the same extent as any other payment made in property. Virtual currency payments to service providers and independent contractors are taxable, for which self-employment tax rules generally apply. Payers must normally issue Form 1099-MISC. Wages paid in virtual currency are taxable to the employee and are subject to federal income tax withholding and payroll taxes, and the employer must report them on Form W-2. Certain third parties settling payments in virtual currency on behalf of merchants accepting virtual currency have to report payments to those merchants on Form 1099-K, Payment Card and Third Party Network Transactions. The character of loss or gain from the exchange or sale of virtual currency is based on whether the virtual currency is a capital asset in the taxpayer’s hands.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Takes a Minor Fall as Bitcoin and Ethereum Retreat 4% Twitter  After recording a $20 billion increase in valuation, the cryptocurrency market has dropped in value, as major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin and Ethereum fell by more than 4 percent.   No Big Factors  Two days ago, many analysts within the cryptocurrency sector stated that a $20 billion overnight drop in the valuation of the cryptocurrency market was caused by FUD (fear, uncertainty, doubt) around Binance, the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange. However, it was evident that the market did not fall due to Binance, and it was overreaching to conclude that major cryptocurrencies fell in value by more than 5 percent because Binance received a simple letter from the Japanese financial services agency (FSA), as noted by Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao.  “We received a simple letter from JFSA about an hour ago. Our lawyers called JFSA immediately, and will find a solution. Protecting user interests is our top priority. No need to worry. Some negative news often turn out to be positive in the long term. Chinese have a proverb for this. New (often better) opportunities always emerge during times of change,”  said CZ.  It was quite apparent that the market drop was caused by the Binance situation with the Japanese government because even after the FUD was clarified by the Binance team, the market continued to slump. If a single factor in Binance caused the market to fall, that factor also should have been capable of leading the market to recovery.  The majority of analysts in the space attempt to justify every single movement in the market with news or some announcements, which is often extremely inaccurate and impractical. The cryptocurrency market moves up and down based on the supply and demand from the market. The market is still at its early phase, and it is comparable to the market valuation of major banks and thus, it is possible that whales or large-scale investors are initiating correlating movements in an attempt to influence the market.   Over the past few weeks, all major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin and Ethereum were continuously volatile in the $8,000 and $9,000 region. Bitcoin fell from $9,000 to $8,300, recovered to $9,100, and fell to $8,500 today. These movements or daily volatility cannot be justified by one factor. It is a culmination of many factors that influence the market.  Public Market  In late 2017, the cryptocurrency market was extremely optimistic towards the entrance of institutional investors and retail traders through strictly regulated markets like the bitcoin futures market in the US. But, the demand from investors in the traditional finance sector did not match the expectations of cryptocurrency investors.  The next big movement will likely be triggered by a wave of big investors coming into the cryptocurrency market, and until then, the market will continue to remain volatile. Yesterday, Binance CEO CZ emphasized that volumes are coming back across all major exchanges. First, the volumes have to rebound, and the price of cryptocurrencies can recover, before users and retail investors join the market once again.  
DECREASE	   Quebec Blogger Slams Government For Dissing Crypto Mining Twitter  The  Quebec  government’s recent actions to disconnect cryptocurrency mining from the region has drawn criticism from Francois Remy, head of the digital desk at Les Affaires, a Quebec newspaper, in a recent  blog .  Quebec Premier  Philippe Couillard has said the bitcoin miners planning to move to the region will not get cheap electricity  from the government-owned utility Hydro-Quebec, as the utility may not have enough power to meet the demand. The utility has received an order to await instructions from the government.  “In recent months, we have received projects representing several thousand megawatts, ” said a recent follow-up document sent by  Hydro-Québec  to some blockchain contractors.  Blockchain Contractors Won ’t Be Served  Hydro-Quebec  has advised some blockchain contractors it will not be able to supply them with electricity. The utility noted it is developing guidelines for supplying projects, taking into account the needs of other customers and limiting rate increases to the level of inflation.  Projects have requested amounts of electricity that are 5,000% above that of the average home consumption, in some cases exceeding that of aluminum smelters, Remy noted.  Pierre Moreau, the Quebec Minister of Energy, stated that blockchain projects request high amounts of electricity without creating many jobs – sometimes two or three jobs – whereas aluminum smelters create hundreds of jobs.  Moreau said the government wants to assure residents that it will not tell them they cannot provide electricity during peak winter energy use periods because of cryptocurrency mining.  A Change In Direction  The new position diverges from the utility ’s previous efforts to attract companies using large amounts of electricity, such as bitcoin miners, Remy observed. The utility’s goal was to double revenue to nearly $30 billion by 2030 based on strategies dedicated to cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology.  The utility’s initial strategy was effective, considering the arrival of American cloud technology giants such as Google, Amazon and Microsoft, Remy noted. For the fifth consecutive year, the utility will pay a dividend exceeding $2 billion to shareholders, according to its CEO, Eric Martel.  Quebec has succumbed to the fraudulent, purely speculative and ecologically irresponsible impression of digital currencies portrayed by the general media and traditional economists, Remy observed.  Hostile To New Technology  The founder of Academie Bitcoin, a Montreal bitcoin consultancy, is not surprised by a counterproductive political directive concerning cryptocurrencies, given the government’s hostility to technological change, Remy noted.  This has been demonstrated by its attempt to ban Uber and to tax web giants.  Regulatory moves in the European Union appear to be inspiring these moves, Remy noted.  Jonathan Hamel, a Quebec entrepreneur and tech industry advocate, said the Couillard government has undermined investment projects in Quebec, and that the companies have contingency plans to establish operations elsewhere, particularly in Alberta.  Hamel said the players are extremely mobile, and many gas and oil producers are ready to host mining fueled by fossil resources that are hard to export elsewhere than in the United States.  A  ‘Campaign Of Fear ’  Hamel called the Couillard government’s actions a “campaign of fear” that contradicts what previous governments have sought to achieve for 20 years — technological investments that will diversify the economy that depends on natural resources.  The Couillard government prevents investment of private capital in closed factories, said Hamel, who claims the government’s opposition is more ideological than factual. He said bitcoin mining presents an incentive to use clean, renewable energy.  Bitfarms , which operates bitcoin farms, hopes the Couillard government considers the economic ramifications in the creation of any tariffs.  Bitfarms currently employs 80 people and plans to add another 300 in 2018 on a full-time basis, depending on available electricity if tariffs do not rise, according to the company’s public relations director, Bahador Zabihiyan.  Bitfarms data centers create three jobs per MW. Positions include engineers, programmers, electricians and analysts, with an average salary of $55,163, with benefits.  In its agreement with Hydro-Sherbrooke and Hydro-Magog, Bitfarms agreed to use only surplus electricity and to unplug the machines if necessary during the high consumption winter period.  Also read:  Quebec premier disses bitcoin miners seeking cheap power rates in Canada  Utililty Uses Alarmist Data  The crypto mining energy consumption figures released by Hydro-Quebec, from 3,000 to 10,000 MW, are alarmist and hypothetical, and would make it difficult for a miner to be profitable, said Zabihiyan, adding that it is a shame to use such numbers in the negotiations.  Auctioning energy blocks to help players with a short-term strategy would be a worst-case scenario for Hydro-Quebec since it would help players with a short-term strategy, Zabihiyan observed. A company like Bitfarms wants to invest for a longer term and would not be able to outbid players with a short-term strategy.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Hardware Wallet Trezor Confirms Upcoming Cashaddr Support for Bitcoin Cash Twitter  There ’s good news for Bitcoin Cash users as Trezor announces upcoming support for cashaddr, a BCH address format. The announcement is a significant development for Bitcoin Cash as support from the most popular hardware wallet could spell new money coming into the market, or at least increased security for those wishing to safeguard their investment carefully.  The news was announced over Twitter by  Bach N.  of Trezor who posted a link from  Jochen Hoenicke , lead developer of cashaddr #285.   No ETA, but the cashaddr support is being developed:  https://t.co/MPhpJWw47R  — Bach N. (@_xbach)  April 1, 2018   Cashaddr was developed as a way of distinguishing between Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin Core addresses, and while it was supposedly expensive to implement the change, the move has paved the way for further innovations.  Pavol Rusnack  of Satoshi Labs is often credited with the change,  saying   “I suggest to change the address version to something different, so it is obvious the address is a Bitcoin Cash address. (It can start with C for example). Don’t forget to change also address version for P2SH!”  Bitcoin Cash developer  Amaury Séchet  responded saying  “Agreed. I have a plan to change the address format. Changing the address format is expensive, so I would like to investigate various other option than just changing the prefix before settling on something. I would also have to convince other in the space that this is a good address format. ” This would eventually manifest as cashaddr.  In his  Github post , cashaddr dev Hoenicke stated:  “This needs to be done outside the firmware for cashaddr support. Webwallet: compute cashaddr addresses from xpub. Note that only the last step from hashed public key to address needs to be changed. The webwallet checks that the address the Trezor returns is as expected. This check should also allow 1.. addresses so that it works with older firmware (so we don’t have to deploy  both at the same time); allow cashaddr as send to address. The firmware supports both and both use SPENDADDRESS. The only difference is the confirmation message given to the user; the transaction format did not change at all.”  Hoenicke clarifies that the change will not affect the means of transaction and handles the issues such as the misleading address keys once and for all. Trezor follows Coinbase and Bitpay in integrating cashaddr, helping to develop community consensus and raise the profile of the altcoin. There is currently no timeline at the moment, so users waiting to store their BCH will hav e to make do with the beta wallet for now before entering true cold storage.  Featured image from Trezor.  
DECREASE	   ‘A Fraud ’: Ethereum Founder Buterin Calls Out  ‘Satoshi ’ Craig Wright Twitter  A video of Vitalik Buterin calling out Craig Wright at the two-day Deconomy 2018 conference in Seoul is sure to be going viral in the community.  Buterin has the floor for questions after a talk given by Craig Wright titled “A Visual Depiction of Bitcoin Scaling and Enterprise Growth.” Buterin appears to take issue with a claim made by Wright during the speech.  Noting that he was in a “confrontational mood,” Buterin said that Wright had made a “blatantly false” claim regarding the difficulty of a certain cryptographic task and making the Lightning Network work. But what really bothered Buterin was Wright’s claim regarding “selfish miner” theory. Wright had apparently said that “in the context of selfish mining,  gamma  can be less than zero.”   Buterin took the floor, stating:  It’s an absolutely nonsensical claim. It makes no sense because gamma is the percentage of the network which is colluding with the miners, which, by definition, is between 0 and 1. So given that he makes so many nonsensical mistakes, why is he – why is this fraud allowed to speak at this conference?  Samson Mow , CSO at  Blockstream , quickly seconded the question to audible applause and laughter.  Wright Rebuttal  Selfish mining is an  attack vector of Bitcoin . Wright clarified that his meaning was that “honest miners” would be rewarded as opposed to selfish miners. Wright has  written on the subject  previously, saying:  Again, and again we see technocrats, academics and demagogues oversimplifying, downplaying profit and seeking to apply the physics of rocks to human interactions. Unfortunately for them, none of these holds in the real world. Human interactions are always conducted at a level far too complex to be modelled using simple state tables. That aside, flawed pseudoscience such as the  selfish mining cancer are incredibly simple to debunk. Once you get past the ad hominem attacks and typical troll tactics, even my grandmother can understand how asinine such a quack level theory really is.  In the fray,  Joseph Poon , co-creator of the Lightning Network, stood up to say that as a Lightning Network developer and the author of its whitepaper, he did not understand Wright’s presentation at all and that he felt most others there were in the same boat.  The real world episode ended when the emcee called a stop to it, but, of course, it continued on Twitter.   Smackdown by Vitalek ….  Oh … where are my degrees ….. it burns, it burns … https://t.co/hqK9svIZE3  Sorry Bevis … Oh I mean Vitalek  pic.twitter.com/efFeat4kp4  — Dr Craig S Wright (@ProfFaustus)  April 3, 2018   Into the late night Buterin wrote a 62-tweet article discussing the great Bitcoin Scaling debate, and concluded with the following:   62. So I 
DECREASE	    Federal Reserve Governor: We ’re Monitoring  ‘Extreme Volatility ’ of Cryptocurrencies Twitter  Federal Reserve Governor Lael Brainard said the central bank is monitoring the  “extreme volatility ” of cryptocurrency prices, particularly bitcoin, but does not believe virtual currencies pose a current threat to U.S. financial stability.  Brainard made the remarks April 3 during a  speech  at the Stern School of Business in New York, where she warned investors to be cautious about  “highly speculative ” asset classes such as cryptocurrencies, and said the Fed will continue to study them.  “One area that the Federal Reserve is monitoring is the extreme volatility evidenced by some cryptocurrencies, ” Brainard noted.  “For instance, Bitcoin rose over 1,000 percent in 2017 and has fallen sharply in recent months. These markets may raise important investor and consumer protection issues, and some appear especially vulnerable to money-laundering concerns. ”  Brainard continued:  “As in other highly speculative markets, individual investors should be careful to understand the possible pitfalls of these investments and the potential for losses. But it is less clear how the valuations of cryptocurrencies currently could pose a threat to financial stability. Nonetheless, we will continue to study them. ”  Separately, Brainard said the risks associated with the banking sector and with traditional asset classes such as stocks and bonds are  “moderate ” by historical standards due to the reforms instituted since the 2008 financial crisis.  “Credit growth is robust, and banks are registering strong profitability relative to their international peers, ” she said.  Fed Chairman Powell:  ‘Nothing Against Bitcoin ’  Lael Brainard ’s stance on cryptocurrencies echoed the sentiments of her boss, Federal Reserve chairman Jerome Powell, who urged caution, but is not an avowed bitcoin bear,  CNBC  reported.  “[I have] nothing against bitcoin, ” Powell said in November 2017.  “We generally look at some of the risks of cryptocurrencies associated with money-laundering and those sorts of issues, but we ’re not broadly opposed or supportive of alternative currencies. ”  The latest Federal Reserve comments come on the heels of several weeks of wild price swings for bitcoin and other digital currencies. During the past four weeks, the bitcoin price has plunged more than $4,500, and BTC has posted its worst first-quarter performance since it launched in 2009.   The bitcoin price hovered at $11,400 on March 5 and has since nosedived to about $6,882 today.  While the erratic price fluctuations have alarmed some investors, crypto evangelists remain bullish, saying the market ’s recent collapse is temporary and merely the result of  heightened regulatory scrutiny  in large markets  like South Korea.  Ex-Skype COO: BTC Could Soar to $1 Million  “Regulators seem open-minded and are now working to eliminate the risks for consumers, ” Michael Jackson, the former COO of Skype, told the  Independent .  “So I see no reason why bitcoin shouldn’t fulfill its dream. And if it does, then recent price falls will appear trivial. ”  Jackson, who is an adviser to bitcoin wallet provider Blockchain, previously said bitcoin prices could skyrocket to $1 million because he believes its value as a payment mechanism and store of value is undeniable.  “At its core, it is still an international payment mechanism and a store of value that doesn’t change with speculation, ” Jackson told  Newsweek  in December 2017. “Bitcoin’s upper limit is still much more than it is today. If it reaches even one percent of the value store of other major money supplies, like the U.S. dollar, it could be worth 100 times what it is today.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   OKEx Denies Responsibility for Bitcoin Price Crash on Futures Exchange Twitter  Cryptocurrency exchange giant OKEx is pushing back against allegations that it is responsible for market manipulation that caused the Bitcoin price to crash below $5,000 on its futures exchange last week.  In a  statement  released Wednesday, the Hong Kong-based exchange denied allegations that it had actively manipulated the futures markets to liquidate the positions of bullish traders.  From the statement:  “OKEx provides a platform to allow customers to trade in our order books, but we are not directly involved in the trades. Moreover, all the transaction details are public. We, as a trading platform, do not make profit from the price volatility, but generate income from trading fees. We have not reason to, and have never and will not, manipulate the prices of any of our market.”  As CCN  reported , OKEx drew criticism last week after the value of its Bitcoin futures temporarily dropped as low as $4,755 in a fevered sell-off, despite the fact that the global average Bitcoin price hovered around $7,000 during the same period.  Traders whose positions were liquidated during the sell-off were livid, and one exceptionally-distraught individual reportedly went to the company’s headquarters and threatened to commit suicide.  Ultimately, the exchange reversed trades that occurred during the 90-minute incident, citing irregular activity consistent with an orchestrated attempt to manipulate the market, and it has since added “price limit rules” to help prevent market manipulation in the future.  In Wednesday’s statement, OKEx further threatened to pursue legal action against individuals falsely accusing them of market manipulation and disseminating fake charts to that effect.  “We reserve the right to take necessary legal action against any parties who libel our company and reputation by any means, ” the company said.  Nevertheless, the incident and subsequent negative press coverage do not appear to have had a sustained impact on the popularity of the company’s trading platform. OKEx continues to rank as the fourth most popular spot cryptocurrency exchange, with a 24-hour trading volume of approximately $750 million.  Featured image from Shutterstock,  
DECREASE	   Student Cryptocurrency Miners Face Rising Costs, Squeezed Margins Twitter  Savvy college students who have been mining bitcoin from their dorm rooms are facing a one-two punch from lower cryptocurrency prices and rising mining costs. Even though the electricity bill is included under room and board, giving today ’s college kids a key advantage in the bitcoin mining process, the persistently low cryptocurrency prices of late have been eating into their profit margins.  Meanwhile, soaring demand for computer graphic processing units (GPUs), which are also used in the gaming industry, has put a premium on the hardware needed to produce more cryptocurrencies and left gamers and miners alike scrambling for graphic cards. As  Forbes pointed out , if you can get your hands on one, a Nvidia GTX 1070 will run you between $699 and $850, which is a steep price for most college kids to pay.  A Fairleigh Dickenson University (FDU) senior who has been mining BTC for the past six years since the bitcoin price was trading in the single digits  told CNBC :  “It ’s gotten pretty ludicrous now the amount of money you have to spend to get in. ” This student, whose first name is Alex, invested thousands of dollars into his bitcoin mining operation and till now found a way to keep his business off the radar of the radar of the university by carefully positioning GPUs to avoid a power outage.  At first, he said, cryptocurrency mining  “wasn ’t really the electricity sapping phenomenon it is today. ” But these days, his bitcoin mining business operates around the clock between his dorm room and back home, which has netted him anywhere from a $200 to $1,000 every eight weeks or so and which he directs toward books, etc.  Not all student bitcoin miners run their equipment on campus, however. A Northwest Missouri State University student who has mined different cryptocurrencies over the past few years  said cryptocurrency mining  commands more than a student ’s  ‘fair share ’ of power:  “It is immoral to use [campus power] to mine ” and  “most mining equipment uses no less than one kilowatt per hour of power, ” the student said.  Meanwhile, a second student at FDU built his computer operation with gaming in mind but couldn ’t resist the opportunity in cryptocurrency mining at year-end 2017 when the bitcoin price was trading more than double where it is today. He used NiceHash to mine cryptocurrencies, but it wasn ’t worthwhile, with this student mining a mere .00027 BTC daily.  Feeding the Beast  Bitcoin mining involves solving complicated equations known as proof-of-work to advance the blockchain in exchange for a bonus. But the more transactions and blocks that are completed, the more complex the puzzles become to solve, which only feeds the beast by ramping up power consumption to mine more bitcoin, Monero, etc.  Cryptocurrency mining appears to fall under a gray area for today ’s FDU students, but that could change.  “FDU also blocks the mining of cryptocurrency at the firewall level and will probably add some specific language prohibiting mining cryptocurrency to the next version of the Acceptable Use Policy, ” according to FDU cited in CNBC.  If universities decide to clamp down on their bitcoin mining policies, college students could lose a key advantage once cryptocurrency prices rebound.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Iran ’s Government May Ban Telegram Over Its $1.7 Billion ICO Twitter  Messaging app provider Telegram has just concluded the second round of its record-setting initial coin offering (ICO), and Iran’s government is none too pleased.  The app  — extremely popular in the authoritarian country  — has long incurred the ire of government officials, particularly since it played an important role in enabling residents to organize a string of recent protests.  It appears that Telegram’s ICO, through which the company has  raised at least $1.7 billion  to develop a full-service blockchain ecosystem, may be the last straw.  US-based news outlet  Al-Monitor  reports that several government officials have publicly called for Telegram to be banned in the country, confirming rumors that had been circulating for several weeks.  Lambasting the company as an “enemy of the private sector,” Hassan Firouzabadi, secretary of the government’s High Council for Cyberspace, warned that the company’s new cryptocurrency will undermine the local economy if left unchecked.  “Telegram is not a dominant messenger in any country except for Iran,” Firouzabadi said on state television. “Telegram has officially announced that it will be used as an economic platform, and Telegram will undermine the national currency of Iran.”  “We cannot allow [Telegram’s virtual] currency to enter the country,” he continued, reportedly adding that its presence could lead to as much as $50 billion being funneled out of the country.  That said, the proposal does not have universal support among Iranian officials. President Hassan Rouhani, a moderate, reportedly declared his opposition to the ban in a meeting with other high-ranking officials.  “Nobody is opposed to breaking Telegram’s monopoly [in Iran], but blocking Telegram is not the solution for creating [and enhancing] local messaging applications,” he reportedly said.  Notably, Iran is also reportedly researching blockchain technology and considering  launching its own state-backed digital currency , a move it believes could help it evade international economic sanctions. Previously, Iran had expressed an openness to Bitcoin and other decentralized cryptocurrencies, though the government has walked back those comments in recent months.  Featured image of Hassan Rouhani from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Mt. Gox CEO Mark Karpeles tells Creditors: I’m on Your Side Twitter  Former Mt. Gox CEO Mark Karpeles has a simple message for creditors of the disgraced, now-defunct Bitcoin exchange: I’m on your side.  Karpeles, who oversaw the Tokyo-based exchange during its  infamous collapse  in 2014, reiterated this claim in a  Reddit AMA  on Wednesday, alleging that he does not want to profit from the company’s bankruptcy, which is currently proceeding through the Japanese courts.  “I don ’t want this. I don ’t want this billion dollars. From day one I never expected to receive anything from this bankruptcy,” Karpeles said. “The fact that today this is a possibility is an aberration and I believe it is my responsibility to make sure it doesn’t happen.”  “I do not want to become instantly rich. I do not ask for forgiveness. I just want to see this end as soon as possible with everyone receiving their share of what they had on MtGox so everyone, myself included, can get some closure,” he added.  As CCN  reported , Karpeles stands to gain more than a billion dollars worth of cryptocurrency at the conclusion of the bankruptcy, because  — at least at present  — it appears that creditors will be compensated for their holdings at the price of Bitcoin in 2014  — $480 per BTC.  Karpeles said that he is advocating for Mt. Gox to be moved into  civil rehabilitation , which would give creditors the ability to vote on the exchange’s future. Consequently, they could vote to distribute the company’s remaining BTC  — as well as the coins derived from its forks  — directly to creditors rather than selling them and paying the proceeds in fiat currency.  “I am doing my best to make it happen,” he said.  Last month, the trustee of the Mt. Gox estate revealed that he had  sold more than $400 million  worth of BTC and BCH during the recent market downturn, funds which were used to cover the bankrupt company’s JPY liabilities. The estate is believed to still hold more than 160,000 BTC and BCH, and it is unclear whether the court will instruct the estate to sell these funds in the future.  Featured image from YouTube.  
DECREASE	   Craig Wright Served with Summons for $10 Billion Lawsuit from Dave Kleiman ’s Estate Twitter  NChain chief scientist and self-proclaimed Bitcoin creator Craig Wright has received an official summons to appear in court in connection with a mammoth $10 billion lawsuit levied against him by the estate of early Bitcoin adopter Dave Kleiman.  According to public documents dated March 15 and filed with the US District Court for the Southern District of Florida, Wright was personally served with a summons on Feb. 22.  “That personal service was effected and the Defendant, Craig Wright, came to the front door of the property and admitted his identity and freely accepted the service and Deponent was able to identify the Defendant through open source photographs and the Defendant thanked Deponent and then closed the front door to the property,” the sworn affidavit states.  As CCN  reported , Ira Kleiman  — acting on behalf of the estate of his brother  Dave Kleiman   — has sued Wright for more than $10 billion, alleging that Wright stole as much as 1.1 million BTC  — worth $10.2 billion at the time the lawsuit was filed  — belonging to one of the forensic computer investigator’s companies following his death in 2013.  Kleiman and Wright had allegedly acquired these coins by mining them through W &K Info Defense Research LLC. The ownership structure of W &K is in dispute, though Kleiman’s estate claims that he was either the sole owner or held it in partnership with Wright. Either way, they claim that Wright stole at least 550,000 BTC, or 1.1 million if W &K was wholly owned by Kleiman.  Wright, who lives overseas, must respond to the summons by April 16; he was originally required to respond sooner, though the court granted him an extension.  Court documents also reveal that he has been represented in previous hearings by attorney Andres Rivero. Neither Wright nor his attorney has addressed the suit publicly.  Kleiman’s estate, meanwhile, is represented by Boies Schiller Flexner LLP, a legal firm with offices in both the US and UK.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Liechtenstein PM Proposes Friendly Crypto Regulation With New  “Blockchain Act ” Twitter  There ’s promising news from European regulators as Liechtenstein announces that they ’ll be taking a light-handed approach when it comes to blockchain technology.  Liechtenstein is one of many small European nations establishing itself as a blockchain hub over recent years. With a population of just 40,000 people, Liechtenstein is the sixth smallest country in the world and is home to more businesses than actual citizens due to the low tax rate. Liechtenstein is particularly attractive to blockchain businesses due to the extreme ease with  which they can set up  –  it ’s not necessary to open a bank account  to start a company, and the whole process can be handled with Ethereum or Bitcoin following the country ’s leading financial institution  Bank Frick accepting cryptocurrency directly . Aeternity blockchain creator Yanislav Malahov recently set up shop in Liechtenstein, telling Forbes  “they ’re making it really easy to incorporate a cryptocurrency business ”.  Crown Prince Alois is even interested in using  blockchain for administrative government uses  as well as stating  his family ’s interest in cryptocurrency investment , among the richest royal families in Europe. With all that in mind, it ’s no surprise that the nation is planning to take it very easy on blockchain regulation in their upcoming legislation known simply as  “The Blockchain Act ”.  Prime Minister Adrian Hasler states that far from simply regulating the spending, tax, and issuance of cryptocurrency, the law aims to  “provide the necessary legal framework for a wide range of new services and business models relating to these technologies ”, saying that it  “goes much further than the blockchain legislation of other countries ” in his  speech  at a Finance Forum in late March.  Liechtenstein is one of many small nations punching above their weight in the blockchain space, perhaps capitalizing on the inherently slower regulatory efforts made by larger countries.  Switzerland  is another rising blockchain hub with cryptocurrency adoption widespread in cities like  Zug , while the Prime Minister of Malta personally welcomed the proposed  relocation of Binance HQ  to their small island, while announcing his support for blockchain technology and  calling on other EU leaders  to join him  “on the frontline in embracing this crucial innovation ” and create the  “Bitcoin continent of Europe ”.  Liechtenstein certainly appear to be among those answering the call, with their Financial Market Supervisory Authority at the helm officially processing over 100 blockchain and cryptocurrency-related enquiries so far in their effort to establish themselves as a leading nation in blockchain innovation.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Here’s What It Costs to Get Your ICO Token Listed on an Exchange Twitter  Initial coin offering (ICO) founders aren’t the only ones getting rich from token sales.  According to research from  Autonomous Next LLP , cryptocurrency exchanges are raking in millions of dollars from ICO operators seeking to secure a spot for their tokens on high-volume trading platforms.  “It sounds like the market price to list a crypto token on an exchange is $1 million for a reasonably regarded token, to $3 million for an opportunity to get quick liquidity,” the firm wrote. “We don’t know these numbers with certainty, but suspect the order of magnitude to be roughly in line with today’s reality.”  And that, of course, does not account for the transaction and withdrawal fees that exchanges rake in once the tokens actually begin trading.  Now, to be sure, the report is not exactly a surprise. That many exchanges allow promoters to pay to have their tokens listed has been an open secret almost since the industry’s inception.  Nor is it surprising that this practice has become commonplace, given that most new cryptocurrency launches come in the form of ICOs and token sale operators are expected to use a portion of the funds they raise to promote their token.  However, the fees that projects are paying to achieve an exchange listing are notable, as they are roughly significantly higher than the fees traditional companies pay when conducting an initial public offering (IPO) and listing their tokens on a traditional equities exchange.  Nasdaq-listed companies, for instance, can expect to pay approximately $125,000 to $300,000 to get listed, though they also have to pay annual maintenance fees to secure their status on the platform.  Perhaps ICO operators find the exchange listing fee more palatable upon the realization that some promoters are  paying $105,000  for a single tweet.  Moreover, in the case of an ICO  — particularly one claiming to be a  utility token   — paying an exchange to fast-track a token’s listing raises a thorny regulatory question.  Paying an exchange to list your token is more or less creating a secondary market, which is a factor that regulatory agencies such as the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) consider when determining whether a token is a security. And that ’s not just a problem for ICO operators  — the SEC has also  warned  exchanges that it is illegal for them to list security tokens without registering as securities exchanges.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   It’s Important to Try Using Cryptocurrencies, Says Japan’s Central Bank Twitter  Japan’s central bank has revealed some noteworthy opinions in a newly-published general Q &A on cryptocurrencies like bitcoin.  On March 30, the head of the Bank of Japan’s Financial Services Information Division  Masashi Kuramoto  published a summary Q &A called “ Let’s think about cryptocurrencies! ” for the general public in an educational site operated by the central bank.  The page offers a simple summary of responses to frequently asked questions (FAQs) surrounding cryptocurrencies. Questions pertain to their usage in the real world in areas like payments and remittances, their profitability as an asset and more.  One question is a notable standout, posing the query: “Shouldn’t it be better to ban something we don’t understand?”. To this, Kuramoto is quick to claim that cryptocurrencies have not yet me the objectives for which they were created in the first place – ‘cheaper remittance’ and to ‘support socially significant activities.’ However, the official added that cryptocurrencies, wh en matured sufficiently in the future, could usher in a new mechanism that could dramatically convenience people’s lives in society.  The central bank official notably added:  To that end, it is important to actually try it in the world. There is reason to believe that [its maturity] will allow us to use existing cryptocurrencies, accumulate use cases and promote further technical development.  Encouraging words aside, the central banker dismissed the notion that cryptocurrencies could be compared to fiat money like the yen or the dollar by claiming the latter are backed by central banks while cryptos do not see any issuer like a ‘central bank, corporation or a financial institution’ and therefore, according to him, lacks a user’s trust.  Kuramoto also pointed to the  infamous January heist  of Tokyo-based cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck where NEM tokens worth $530 million, at the time, were stolen. Kuramoto blamed Coincheck for fielding ‘insufficient’ fraud prevention safeguards while stressing that an investigation into the exchange and others are currently underway.  “[S]ince Japan is known worldwide as a country where virtual currency trading is popular, there is the possibility that bad guys around the world will look at the virtual currency traded in Japan and get various skills,” the official added, reminding investors and adopters to be wary of risks.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Retreats $400 Cryptocurrency Market Slips Amid Recovery Twitter  For five days straight, bitcoin, Ethereum, and other major cryptocurrencies in the global market have not recorded losses, maintaining momentum. The cryptocurrency market is continuing its move towards the $300 billion region, after dipping below $243 billion last week.   Bitcoin’s Slight Drop  Since March 31, the cryptocurrency market has been able to lead a short-term recovery, bouncing back from the $6,500 region. But, yesterday, CCN reported that bitcoin will experience a slight decline in value from the $7,400 mark before it leads another strong rally.  Over the past 24 hours, bitcoin has declined by more than $400 from $7,500 to $7,100. At one point, the price of bitcoin dipped below $7,000, but recovered to $7,100 since then.  The Relative Strength Index (RSI), a momentum oscillator that measures the speed and change of price movements, is currently at 37.1, which signifies a neutral zone for bitcoin. If the RSI of bitcoin continues to decline to 30, it would mean that traders have oversold the cryptocurrency. Other momentum indicators such as moving average convergence divergence (MACD) also show a neutral zone for bitcoin, and a lack of momentum for a strong short-term performance.  Given that momentum indicators point toward a neutral zone for bitcoin and moving averages indicate a strong sell signal, it is likely that bitcoin could dip below the $7,000 mark once again before it continues its mid-term recovery.  While technical analysis and momentum indicators point toward a weak short-term trend for bitcoin, fundamentals remain significantly strong. Earlier this week, Augur co-founder Jeremy Gardner stated that the demand towards bitcoin from investors in the over-the-counter (OTC) has spiked substantially over the past few months, as the price of bitcoin rapidly declined.  Low prices of cryptocurrencies are starting to appeal to retail traders and large-scale investors, which could potentially lead to multi-billion dollar bids. In bitcoin, over-the-counter (OTC) markets often refer to direct miner-to-investor trades or brokerage-to-investor trades, or generally traders which are processed outside of the global cryptocurrency exchange market.  Gardner  wrote :  “OTC market demand for bitcoin right now is unlike anything I’ve ever witnessed. Several asks for multi-billion dollar bids.”  It is entirely likely that hedge funds and large-scale investors are seeking for opportunities to invest in the cryptocurrency market when most major cryptocurrencies are still significantly down from their all-time high values.  Short-Term Trend  The minor drop in the price of bitcoin and other major cryptocurrencies led to a slight decline in the valuation of the cryptocurrency market, and investors would not have to worry about another correction emerging in the short-term unless bitcoin drops back to the $6,000 region, which seems likely unlikely that this stage.  In consideration of the increasing demand towards bitcoin from over-the-counter markets, large-scale investors, and hedge funds, and the hesitancy of traders to sell the most dominant cryptocurrency at current levels, it is likely that the price of bitcoin will rebound in the upcoming days.  Feattured image frrom Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Chinese Petro Giant Sinochem Exports Gasoline using Blockchain Technology Twitter  Sinochem Group, China ’s leading energy, chemicals, agriculture, real estate and finance provider, has successfully completed the shipment of gasoline using blockchain technology.  Reuters  reported that one of its 300 subsidiaries, Sinochem Energy Technology Co. Ltd., was responsible for exporting the product from China ’s city, Quanzhou, to Singapore.  While details of the process were not revealed, it is said that this was  “the first time that blockchain applications have been applied to all key participants in the commodity trading process. ” However, the company claims that this is not the first blockchain shipment, instead, one was carried out in Dec. 2017 for importing crude oil from the Middle East. Sinochem then posted an  announcement  on its website explaining how the digital  bill of lading  and smart contracts could save 20%-30% financial costs.  The standardization and platformization of the blockchain technology enabled trade in China ’s petrochemical industry in the future will help improve the transparency of the transaction business in China ’s petrochemical industry and enhance the overall risk management level of the industry.  China  has become the top importer of crude oil in the last few months. The country is also exporting a great deal of oil-based products to different countries. So, implementing a cost-effective method for future shipment will benefit China in the long run.  Digital Documentation via Blockchain  Paperless trade was initially used through other electronic means, however, the security and authenticity of documents are still not guaranteed. The only way to ensure that documents remain safe from tampering is to use a decentralized network which can only be accessed by its participants. Last year, Deloitte partnered with DNV GL to track certificates and other products of sh ipping vessels to put an end to forged documents used by scammers.  Earlier this year, IBM and Maersk collaborated to create a  new company  which will use blockchain for shipping products as well as providing services to offices and ports.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Korean Watchdog Orders 12 Cryptocurrency Exchanges to Revise Customer Contracts Twitter  South Korea’s corporate watchdog has today reportedly ordered a dozen domestic cryptocurrency exchanges to revise their adhesion contracts to provide better protection to consumers.  According to  Yonhap  news, South Korea’s Fair Trade Commission (FTC) has demanded 12 cryptocurrency exchanges to fundamentally tear up their existing adhesion contracts that customers are mandated to sign while registering with the exchange operators.  Adhesion contracts  are commonly known as ‘boilerplate’ contracts where the weaker party has little choice in ‘take it or leave it’ agreement drafted by the business.  Commonly used in matters involving leases, insurance, mortgages and more adhesion contracts, Korea’s FTC says, fails to provide adequate protection to customers enrolled in cryptocurrency exchanges. The FTC, which also serves as the economic competition regulator, said current customer contracts from exchange operators ‘unfairly’ keeps users from withdrawing their deposits. The  regulator went so far as to claim that current practices among crypto exchanges force users to shoulder any and all financial losses when ending their membership with exchanges.  The FTC’s measures follow notable remarks from the authority’s chairman Kim Sang-Joo who called for a nuanced regulatory approach toward the domestic cryptocurrency space in mid-January 2018. Speculation of  a possible ban  on all cryptocurrency trading was rife at the time after Korea’s justice ministry confirmed it was preparing legislation to that end along with a complete shutdown of domestic cryptocurrency exchanges. The intended measure triggered a fierce public backlash that eventually led to Korea’s president  releasing a statement  to cool fears of a ban.  “[Shutting down cryptocurrency exchanges] is not realistically possible,” FTC chairman Kim said at the time. “Based on electronic commerce law, the government does not have the authority to close down cryptocurrency trading platforms.”  Korean authorities subsequently moved to  curb anonymous trading  of cryptocurrencies among domestic exchanges on January 30.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ripple Wants Governments to End ‘Wild West’ Era of Cryptocurrencies Twitter  A senior Ripple official has called on British regulators to revisit their ‘wait and see’ approach to cryptocurrencies and called for new rules introduced by the likes of Japan.  While cryptocurrencies are commonly seen as financial instruments meant to circumvent governmental controls or oversight from central banks, Ripple (XRP)  – the world’s third-largest cryptocurrency with a market cap of over $26 billion at press time  – has called on the UK government to step in and set rules for the crypto sector.  As reported by  The Telegraph , Ripple’s head of regulatory relations Ryan Zagone called on regulators for focus on three “pillars”, namely consumer protection, financial stability and anti-money laundering while drafting and delivering regulations that sustains a balance between “capturing risk and enabling innovation.”  Comparing the current regulatory environment to the early days of the internet, the Ripple official was quoted as stating:  We’re at that time now where we need more clarity and rules and we need more certainty. It’s a good time to start revisiting that ‘wait and see’ approach taken by regulators.”  For years, the United Kingdom’s pro-innovation policies have been broadly supportive of blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies despite calls for regulatory oversight and clampdowns on cryptocurrency usage. London is commonly seen among the world’s leading Fintech hubs.  Still, the UK could take a cue from Japan which has been a “leader”, Zagone says, in creating a regulatory setup that saw  bitcoin recognized as a legal method of payment  last year following a revision of its ‘Payments Services Act’. Under new laws, domestic cryptocurrency exchanges in Japan are mandated to register with the country’s financial regulator and gain a license to operate a domestic exchange trading platform.  Regulation, Zagone argued, is key to help the market mature and rope in new entrants to the cryptocurrency sector. This has certainly proved true in the case of Japan wherein the likes of banking giant  SBI  and internet powerhouse  Yahoo Japan  are operating and owning a stake in domestic cryptocurrency exchanges, respectively. $9 billion-valued messaging giant Line, with over 600 million registered users, has also  filed an application  with Japan’s regulator to open its own crypto exchange.  Ripple’s Zagone added:  Regulation creates the guardrails on the highway that allows new entrants to come in, particularly institutional investors.  The UK, meanwhile, is undertaking a number of initiatives to better understand and perhaps even regulate cryptocurrencies soon in the future.  The UK Treasury Select Committee, a powerful group of cross-party politicians and MPs, launched  an inquiry  into cryptocurrencies for lawmakers to educate themselves on cryptocurrencies before drafting any policies for the space.  “It is time that Whitehall and Westminster understood cryptocurrency better, and thought more clearly about the policy environment for blockchain technology,” said Committee member Alison McGovern in February.  In March,  the UK’s Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond announced a new ‘ Cryptoassets Task Force ’ consisting of the Bank of England, the Financial Conduct Authority and Her Majesty’s Treasury to study the risks and benefits of cryptocurrencies.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   World ’s Biggest Porn Site Pornhub Partners Verge to Accept Crypto XVG Twitter  Verge have been hyping the announcement of their new mystery partner for days, with the initial date pushed from yesterday to today, 17 April. After  recent controversy  over allegations of paid price pumping and issues with the Wraith Protocol, not everyone in the market reacted well to  Verge asking for a crowdfund of 75 million XVG  which amounted to about $3 million USD at the time in order to release the name of their new partner, leading to speculation that no such partner existed and that Verge were simply driving up the price of their coin with publicity and/or pull  an  exit scam.  “In line with our mission to empower people to bring blockchain transactions into everyday life, we are thrilled to announce efforts to establish the largest cryptocurrency collaboration to hit the market,” read the crowdfunding statement. “Help us accelerate this crowdfunding effort and reach our target goal.”  However, Verge came through this morning with the announcement that Pornhub, the world’s biggest porn site and the 36th most visited website on the internet, is the secret partner and will be accepting XVG payments for premium subscriptions. XVG is an anonymous privacy coin which, unlike credit card payments, won’t leave a record of the transaction.   Pornhub released a  blog post  and  video  about the new payment options, describing the move as “an important foray into the future.” The blog post is fully safe for work (SFW), while the video contains some sexually suggestive imagery.  “ The future has come. In our efforts to keep current with our community ’s privacy and payment preferences, Pornhub will now be accepting Verge as a means of payment for services like Pornhub Premium and more, on our platforms. Building on Verge ’s core values of security, anonymity and practicality, the introduction of this cryptocurrency as a means of payment Pornhub signifies an important foray into the future from the industry that is always on the cutting edge of technology.”  Pornhub has further announced that the partnership will extend to partnered sites like Brazzers as well, where XVG will be accepted as payment for adult video games.   Verge now say that the $3 million raised in exchange for the announcement will go towards Pornhub platform integration and Ledger integration. although the Ledger team have said no such integration is planned.    Except there is no partnership nor planned integration with us.  — Fred de Villamil 🤔 // Ledger (@fdevillamil)  April 14, 2018   The price of Verge reached $0.10 over the past week, but has dropped to $0.07 at the time of writing, directly after the announcement. It’s possible that overhyping and falsely suggesting that Token Pay were the new partner has lead to heightened expectations within the community.   Verge XVG Sails through the Rumors: Could TokenPay be the Mystery Partner?  https://t.co/G9wHRgueX9  via  @cryptorecorder  — vergecurrency (@vergecurrency)  April 11, 2018   With an imperfect track record including a recent  51% system attack,  many are questioning Pornhubs choice of crypto while applauding the adoption as a whole.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Philippines Warns Against Cloud Mining Contracts, Threatens to Jail Unregistered Solicitors Twitter  The Philippines  Securities and Exchange Commission  has  advised  the public against social media offers to invest in cloud mining contracts and has warned unregistered solicitors they face imprisonment under  Philippines  law.  A government investigation has determined that certain parties offering such contracts define cloud mining as a process for acquiring cryptocurrency by using shared mining equipment based at a remote data center. The investors fund the purchase of the mining equipment.  Solicitors Require Payment  Numerous foreign and local companies solicit cloud mining companies in the Philippines and require investors to register an online account, then make a payment in either fiat or cryptocurrency for the mining contracts, the notice stated.  The companies promise to pay the investor daily or weekly from mining proceeds. They also offer commissions to investors for recruiting other investors who register.  A cloud mining contract, according to a court decision, is regulated by the country’s securities law since it involves a financial investment, the notice stated. It also falls under the securities law because the investment is a common enterprise involving pooled funds, and there is an expectation of profits.  The fact that the cloud mining company performs the profit-generating activities and distributes profits to investors also places the contract under the commission’s jurisdiction.  Also read:  Philippines SEC confirms upcoming cryptocurrency, ICO regulations  Solicitors Must Register  Such entities are required to be registered and be licensed to sell securities to the public, the notice stated.  Parties representing these contracts on the Internet are subject to prosecution and can be held criminally liable. They can be sentenced to 21 years in prison. Those who recruit others to invest in such ventures can also be held criminally liable or accordingly sanctioned or penalized.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Chilean Cryptocurrency Exchanges Take Banking Blockade to Appeals Court Twitter  Chile’s  largest cryptocurrency exchanges, Buda, CryptoMarket (Crypto MKT), and Orionx recently applied to an appeals court to confront a banking blockade they’re currently facing.  As covered by CCN, the cryptocurrency exchanges recently saw Itau Corpbanca, Bank of Nova Scotia, and the state-owned bank Banco del Estado de Chile  shutdown their accounts  with no proper explanation. At the time, Banco Estado revealed it decided “not operate with companies that are dedicated to the issuance or creation, brokerage, intermediation or serve as a platform for the so-called cryptocurrencies.”  The appeals court agreed to hear the cryptocurrency exchanges, although their bank accounts remain closed. Per  Bloomberg , Chile’s financial institutions are seemingly implementing a blanket ban on the cryptocurrency industry, a move that’s worrying crypto enthusiasts.  Guillermo Torrealba, Buda’s chief executive officer, was quoted as saying:  “They’re killing an entire industry. It won’t be possible to buy and sell crypto in a safe business in Chile. We’ll have to go back five years and trade in person. It seems very arbitrary.”  While cryptocurrencies weren’t yet huge in Chile, the market was growing. Buda, Torrealba’s company, traded about $1 million per day before the banks decided to shut down its accounts. According to its CEO, the exchange is self-regulated and uses the same standards the financial industry uses to know its customers. This, he revealed, includes running checks with local and inter national authorities.  Chilean news outlets are now speculating the blanket ban comes from the government, as Chile’s Financial Stability Council, an organization with representatives from the Finance Ministry, the country’s central bank, and the securities, banks and pension funds regulator, issued a warning on cryptocurrencies on April 5.  While most financial institutions didn’t reply when reached out to, Itau Corpbanca’s chief executive Milton Maluhv stated on March 27 that the bank supports startups and new technologies, but argued the cryptocurrency industry needs more regulation, adding that the “bank is following internal norms to decide on closing individual accounts.”  Torrealba noted that the appeals court may help the  cryptocurrency exchanges . As covered, Crypto MKT’s co-founder, Martin Jofré, has stated that with Banco Estado turning its back on the company, it was left with no banking.  Orionx, on the other hand, revealed that users’ funds are “fully backed” and that there is “no risk of insolvency.” It added that it believes the bank’s moves are “incorrect and anti-competitive.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Crypto Exchange Giant Kraken Quits Japan Citing Rising Costs: Report Twitter  US-based cryptocurrency exchange Kraken will reportedly shutter its trading services in Japan due to rising business costs.  Referencing an emailed statement from Kraken, Bloomberg is reporting that the San Francisco-based exchange operator is closing ‘all of its services’ in Japan with a tentative planned exit in June 2018. However, the exchange did leave the door open to a re-entry sometime in the future.  Kraken was quoted as saying:  Suspending services for Japan residents will allow us to better focus on our resources to improve in other geographical areas. This is a localized suspension of service that only affects residents of Japan and does not impact services for Japanese citizens or businesses domiciled outside of Japan.  Kraken was not immediately available to respond to CCN’s request for comment at press time.  Kraken, one of the longest-running cryptocurrency exchanges in the world, has seen millions in investments from Japanese financiers including the venture capital arm of banking giant SBI, lead investor of a “ multi-million” Series B round  in early 2016. At the time, Kraken outlined its plans to use the financing to push cryptocurrency services,  specifically bitcoin and Ethereum at the time , in Japan.  Kraken’s reported exit comes a time when the Financial Services Agency (FSA), Japan’s financial regulator, is increasing its scrutiny of domestic exchange operators – already operating or applying for a license – in the country. In March, the FSA  issued a formal warning  to Binance, now the world’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange, for operating in the country without registering and earning a license from the agency.  The ramped-up scrutiny follows the  infamous theft of $530 million in NEM tokens  from Tokyo-based exchange Coincheck, now seen as the  biggest crypto exchange theft in history . The fallout from the January heist has seen a handful of exchanges  hit with suspension orders  from the regulator. The FSA has also taken the drastic step of issuing orders to  shut down  two cryptocurrency exchanges in late March. Elsewhere, SBI Virtual Currencies, the exchange operated by Japanese banking giant SBI,  postponed  its launch after determining it had to further strengthen its cybersecurity posture before launching services.  However, Japan remains among the friendliest jurisdictions for cryptocurrency businesses. Earlier this month, a government-backed working group proposed new guidelines intended to  legalize and regulate  initial coin offerings (ICOs) in the country.  Bitcoin’s recognition as  a legal method of payment  and the advent of cryptocurrencies in Japanese society has also seen major Japanese corporate giants foray into the crypto space. Earlier this month, Japanese online brokerage Monex announced  its total acquisition  of embattled exchange Coincheck despite opening itself to liabilities following the January theft. Last week, internet giant Yahoo Japan confirmed its intention to buy  a 40% stake  in Tokyo-based crypto exchange BitARG for anywhere between a reported 2 billion – 3 billion yen, between $18.5 million and $27.8 million.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Data Firm at Center of Facebook Controversy Planned $30 Million ICO: Report Twitter  Cambridge Analytica, a British data analytics firm, was planning to raise as much as $30 million by issuing a new cryptocurrency through an  ICO  before it got swept up in a scandal surrounding the misuse of  Facebook Inc.  personal data, sources familiar with the matter told  Reuters  on Tuesday.  Cambridge Analytica had approached a company that advises companies on how structuring ICOs, the sources said.  Current Plans Uncertain  Cambridge Analytica’s current plans are unknown. An unnamed spokesman said the company is considering using blockchain to help secure its online data, but did not comment on the ICO.  The company was creating technologies to allow people to reclaim personal data and gain complete transparency over how their data is used before the Facebook controversy erupted, the spokesperson said in an email to Reuters.  Cambridge Analytica worked for U.S. President Donald Trump’s 2016 election campaign and has faced scrutiny over the past month after the Observer and the New York Times reported that the firm improperly gained access to personal data on millions of Facebook users. Facebook earlier this month acknowledged data from more than 87 million users could have been compromised.  Cambridge Analytica has said it properly licensed data on a much smaller number of users from a research firm.  Chief Executive Left Company  The company’s effort to provide personal data protection was overseen by its chief executive, Alexander Nix, who left in March after being tape recorded boasting about the company’s use of shell companies and strategies to help politicians entrap opponents,  The New York Times  reported.  The New York Times also reported Cambridge Analytica attempted to promote the Dragon Coin, a coin associated with a Macau gangster known as Broken Tooth. Dragon coin was to be used by gamblers and make it easier for people to get money to Macau casinos.  Facebook, meanwhile,  is curtailing misleading and deceptive ad practices , including ICOs, cryptocurrencies and binary options, banning ads that “promote financial products and services that are frequently associated with misleading or deceptive promotional practices.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   CryptoKitties Isn’t as Popular as You Think It Is Twitter  Here’s a question. How many active users does CryptoKitties, one of the most well-known decentralized Ethereum applications (DApps), have? The answer is probably a lot less than you think.  The game, originally created by Canada-based venture studio Axiom Zen, burst onto the DApp scene last year, and in almost no time at all the game was drawing headlines both for the prices that users were willing to pay to acquire these cute crypto-collectibles  — in some cases more than $100,000 per cat  — and for the fact that CryptoKitties-related transactions had  single-handedly  clogged the Ethereum blockchain.  Last month, CryptoKitties  raised $12 million  in a Series A round led by Andreessen Horowitz and Union Square Ventures (USV), with USV co-founder Fred Wilson declaring that crypto-collectibles represent the first “big consumer use cases for blockchain technologies.”  However, as venture capital firm Greylock Partners notes in its latest “ State of the DApps ” report, the number of active DApp users is shockingly low, even for high-profile games like CryptoKitties.  Citing data from  DappRadar , Greylock community lead Chris McCann reports that CryptoKitties has fewer than 1,000 daily active users. Granted, interest has sharply declined over the past few months, but he estimates that even at its peak the DApp likely only had about 14,000 daily users. Neopets, a game to which CryptoKitties is often compared, once had as many as 35 million users.  Nor have any other DApps emerged as stand-out platforms. IDEX, a decentralized ERC20 token exchange (DEX), has 3,600 active users, making it the most widely-used DApp, while fellow DEX Fork Delta boasts 2,900. The most popular blockchain game, Ether Goo, has just 2,100 daily users.  Based on this data, Greylock posits that the DApp space is still “orders of magnitude” away from anything resembling widespread consumer adoption and that investment in the space is just as speculative as in the cryptocurrency industry writ-large.  “We are orders of magnitudes away from consumer adoption of DApps. No killer app (outside of tokens and trading) have been created yet. Any seemingly “large” DApp (ex. IDEX, CryptoKitties, etc) has low usage overall,” McCann concluded. “All of the top DApps are still very much about speculation of value. Decentralized exchanges, casino games, pyramid schemes, and even the curre nt collectible games (I would argue) are all around speculation.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   UK Banking Giant Barclays May Open a Cryptocurrency Trading Desk Twitter  One of the world’s largest investment banks is quietly holding high-level discussions about establishing a dedicated cryptocurrency trading desk.  Bloomberg  reports that Barclays Plc, the second-largest bank in the UK, has begun gauging client interest in setting up a cryptocurrency trading desk.  The discussions are still preliminary, sources say, and the bank is attempting to determine the feasibility of such an operation, as well as whether there is sufficient client demand to justify a full-featured trading desk.  “We constantly monitor developments in the digital currency space and will continue to have a dialog with our clients on their needs and intentions in this market,” Barclays spokesman Andrew Smith told the publication, adding that the bank does not currently have any plans to open a cryptocurrency trading desk.  Goldman Sachs is also  rumored  to be taking steps to set up a cryptocurrency trading desk that will begin making markets by the end of the second-quarter, though Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein has publicly denied this report.  Notably, the bank already has indirect ownership in a cryptocurrency trading desk through its investment in Circle, whose over-the-counter (OTC) desk handles several billions of dollars in cryptocurrency trades per month.  If investment banks did begin making markets for cryptocurrency trades, it would likely make hedge funds and other institutional investors more comfortable with adding cryptoassets to their portfolios.  Industry insiders have repeatedly identified  custodial issues  as one of the primary reasons that institutions have been hesitant to dabble in cryptocurrencies, and banks could likely solve this particular pain point for their clients.  Last week, a group of Barclays analysts issued a client note that took an  extremely critical tone  on Bitcoin. The team, which was led by Joseph Abate, argued that interest in Bitcoin spreads like a disease and that by this point most investors have already either been infected or developed an immunity. This, they claimed, provides Bitcoin with a bearish outlook as there are more potential sellers than prospective buyers.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘Many ICOs are Dubious, Downright Frauds’, Says Hong Kong Regulator Twitter  A senior official at Hong Kong’s securities regulator has, once again, reminded the public to be cautious of investments in initial coin offerings (ICOs).  In a speech on new technologies on Friday, Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) deputy chief Julia Leung reiterated previous concerns of risks associated with initial coin offerings.  “While we acknowledge that innovative technologies such as blockchain have the potential to improve efficiency and financial inclusion, that does not entitle anyone to conduct fundraising from the public in violation of securities law,” Leung said whilst stressing that the regulator’s interests lie in protecting the investing public first and foremost.  Leung, who is also the chair of the SFC’s Fintech Advisory Group, claimed that the average investor would find it hard to decipher the “highly technical content and opacity” of some projects seeking fundraising, stating it was ‘more suited for professional investors’ from VC funds instead.  More pointedly, her comments then drew attention to projects purporting to use blockchain technology as a buzzword to promise lofty technological claims with little or no innovation to back those promises.  She stated:  [M]any of these fundraising are dubious, if not downright frauds. The issuers escape the scrutiny of the police or securities regulators because of their cross-border nature and the way the crypto assets are structured to fall outside any regulator’s perimeter.  The official’s comments follow an earlier statement in September which  provided guidelines  for ICO issuers to follow in advance of a fundraising operation. Certain ICOs could also be deemed as ‘securities’, Leung said at the time.  The scrutiny has since at least seven exchanges with a domestic presence  receive warning letters  from the regulator, reminding them not to trade cryptocurrency tokens seen as ‘securities’ without a license. “The SFC will continue to closely monitor ICOs, and will not tolerate any violations of the securities laws of Hong Kong,” the regulator said at the time.  In March, the SFC moved to  shut down  an initial coin offering citing “potential unauthorized promotional activities and unlicensed regulated activities”  In light of the increasing public interest, Hong Kong authorities launched  a public awareness campaign  to educate investors and the general public on cryptocurrencies and ICOs earlier in January using advertisements, infographics, articles and more.  “Many millennials who subscribe to digital tokens in ICOs5 understand that there is no intrinsic value in the tokens but are betting on the rapid rise of the token value in the secondary market,” Leung added during her speech, pointing to a “mercurial rise and fall of bitcoin prices” bringing about a “trading frenzy” among new and retail investors in the space.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   IMF ’s Lagarde Calls for Open-Minded, Even-Handed Cryptocurrency Policies Twitter  Cryptocurrencies are growing on IMF Chief Christine Lagarde.  The bitcoin price is trading in the green again today and oddly enough may be getting some of its lift from some positive remarks from Lagarde, who is at the helm of the International Monetary Fund (IMF). Her message to the world is that  “crypto-assets do not pose an immediate danger, ” something market participants have been saying all along.  Lagarde in her  latest blog post e xplores the promise that cryptocurrencies have to offer, a sanguine view that reflects a shift in the tone of regulatory agencies. Lagarde is calling for a  “balanced approach ” to cryptocurrencies, one that neither pulls the rug out from the market nor suggests jumping in with both feet.  For instance, she pointed to the risks of leveraged trading where investors can pile on debt and the possibility for cryptocurrencies to pose a systemic risk to the economy at some point. But mostly, her message was cheery.  “Here, I want to examine the promise they offer. A judicious look at crypto-assets should lead us to neither crypto-condemnation nor crypto-euphoria, ” said Lagarde.  It ’s a very even-keeled message, at times sounding like a seasoned blockchain developer who is not sticking their head in the sand about the risks but also can ’t deny the role that cryptocurrencies will play in the future.  “Just as a few technologies that emerged from the dot-com era have transformed our lives, the crypto-assets that survive could have a significant impact on how we save, invest and pay our bills. That is why policymakers should keep an open mind and work toward ­­an even-handed regulatory framework that minimizes risks while allowing the creative process to bear fruit, ” said Lagarde.  Lagarde ’s Evolution  Lagarde has increasingly become more accepting of bitcoin  over the years , evolving from reassuring banks  “not to worry ” about blockchain and bitcoin, to associating the market with fraud and with anti-money laundering activity, to warning financial institutions that cryptocurrencies could be the great disrupter of banks.  There ’s still traces of the former Lagarde, with the IMF in the blog drawing comparisons between bitcoin, Holland ’s tulip mania in the 1600 ’s and the dot-com bubble. But compared to her recent speeches she also offers a more measured approach to the cryptocurrency market that demonstrates a sudden open-minded approach to the rise of digital currencies.  For instance, she suggests that with more than 1,600 cryptocurrencies currently available, there ’s a lot of froth and many  “will not survive the process of creative destruction, ” which is reasonable to suggest that only the strong will survive. She also embraces the potential that cryptocurrencies have to offer, pointing to cryptos ’ attractive features, chief of which she said are  “speed ” and being  “inexpensive. ”  Lagarde suggests that distributed ledger technology (DLT) could help banks to operate more efficiently, which is something that Ripple and Santander  are already proving . She pointed to the benefits of smart contracts, admitting that they remove the friction in the banking system. Not skipping a beat, Lagarde acknowledged sectors of the economy like healthcare and real estate and regions like Ghana where DLT technology could bolster security.  Lagarde still sees a role for brokers and bankers in financial services but again stresses the balance that could hopefully exist between  “centralized and decentralized service providers. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Dives Below $7,900 after New York Opens Probe into Exchanges Twitter  Bitcoin price dove below $7,900 on Tuesday after the New York Attorney General ’s office announced that it had opened an inquiry into the cryptocurrency exchange industry.  The flagship cryptocurrency had traded above $8,000 for most of the day, with many analysts arguing it would embark on a bull run now that tax season is coming to a close in the US.  BTC Price Chart  However, on Tuesday afternoon the Bitcoin price took an unexpected turn, plunging from $8,090 to $7,855 in a matter of minutes on Bitfinex. At present, Bitcoin is trading at $7,877, which translates into a $134.2 billion market cap.  The drop followed the announcement that the New York Attorney General ’s office had  opened an inquiry  into the operations of 13 cryptocurrency exchanges  — some located in New York, some not. While it is unclear if the probe will result in any enforcement action, Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has a reputation as an activist official and could seek to make a statement.   For those of you outside of the US, or anyone who doesn 't follow this kinda stuff, Schneiderman is what you might call an activist AG (or at least active). Being in his crosshairs isn 't a great thing.  — Palley (@stephendpalley)  April 17, 2018   For a real-time Bitcoin price chart, click  here .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Tax Day Bounce? Bitcoin Price Crosses $8,000 as Sell Pressure Fades Twitter  The Bitcoin price saw a moderate bounce on Tuesday, as the impending conclusion of tax season in the US suggests that an important source of sell pressure will be eliminated from the markets.  As CCN  reported , many analysts attributed the first-quarter sell-off in part to the fact that traders and investors were forced to sell cryptocurrency holdings to cover tax liabilities incurred in 2017. By Tuesday evening, most tax returns will have been filed, so  — aside from the few stragglers who may file for an extension  — the market should see a prolonged respite from tax-based selling.  Source: CoinMarketCap  On Tuesday, the  cryptocurrency market cap  received a $5 billion bump and is currently valued at $331 billion. That works out to a single-day gain of about two percent.  Bitcoin Price Recovers Past $8,000  The  Bitcoin price  traded sideways for the day but was forced to mount an intraday recovery after slipping as low as $7,900. At present, the Bitcoin price is $8,090 on Bitfinex, which translates into a $137.5 billion market cap. Notably, Bitcoin dominance has declined to 41.6 percent, which is its lowest point since mid-March.  Bitcoin Price Chart  So now that tax season is wrapping up, where does Bitcoin go from here? Fundstrat Global Advisors and Pantera Capital have both issued  buy recommendations  on the flagship cryptocurrency, arguing that it will broach a new all-time high before the end of the year.  Ethereum Price Holds Above $515  The  Ethereum price  more or less held steady for the day as well, though it did manage to pad the gap between itself and the psychologically-important $500 level. At present, Ethereum is trading at $515 on Bitfinex, which gives the second-largest cryptocurrency a $50.8 billion market cap.  Ethereum Price Chart  Altcoins Lead the Market  Large-cap cryptocurrencies may have struggled to achieve significant advances on Tuesday, but smaller-cap altcoins managed to recover from their  early-week slump  and post moderate gains.  Altcoin Price Chart  Ripple and Bitcoin Cash each rose by about one percent, bringing their prices to respective values of $0.66 and $773. The Litecoin price, meanwhile, climbed by six percent to $134, which raised LTC ’s market cap to nearly $7.6 billion.  Sixth-ranked EOS posted the most impressive gain among top 10-cryptocurrencies, leaping seven percent to $8.66.  Cardano and Stellar each climbed by five percent and are now valued at $0.25 and $0.29, respectively.  IOTA and NEO rounded out the top 10 with two percent gains, and each now boasts a market cap of approximately $4.5 billion.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Coinsecure Offers 10% Bounty on $3 Million Theft, Customer Refunds in Rupees Not Bitcoin Twitter  Indian cryptocurrency exchange Coinsecure has reiterated its intention to refund customers after last week’s $3(+) million theft. A significant majority of the stolen funds could be paid in Indian fiat rupees instead of bitcoin – if the siphoned bitcoins aren’t recovered.  In a notice posted on its  website  over the weekend, Delhi-based crypto exchange Coinsecure insisted that all customer deposits in Indian rupees are safe following  last week’s heist  of over 438 bitcoins from the company’s wallet. Should the exchange recover all of the siphoned bitcoins over an ongoing investigation, customers can expect to be see their accounts’ balances refunded in bitcoin.  However, if the exchange is unable to recover the bitcoin, users are likely to see a majority of their stolen bitcoins to be returned in rupees.  Coinsecure explained:  However, if recovery of siphoned BTC is not possible, then we will apply the lock in rates as of the 9th of April, 2018. 10% of the Coin Holding Balance will be refunded in BTC and 90% will be returned in INR [Indian rupees]. ”  Bitcoin price has made notable upward gains since close of trading on April 9 when it was valued at just under $6,850 per coin. Coinsecure users stand to lose over 18 percent in bitcoin value gains – at current bitcoin prices – if the exchange is unable to recover the stolen bitcoins.  A wallet address previously holding all 438.318 bitcoins has since been emptied altogether over a span of over two dozen transactions siphoning away bitcoins in smaller sums to various addresses.  “We are working with global exchanges and experts to help us track the movement of the funds,” the exchange said.  As  reported  previously, the exchange pointedly blamed its own CSO (Chief ‘Scientific’ Officer) Amitabh Saxena for the theft in a police complaint. “[W]e feel that he is making a false story to divert our attention and he might have a role to play in this entire incident,” Coinsecure CEO Mohit Karla wrote in the complaint. The chief executive also sought to have the CSO’s passport seized t o keep him from leaving the country amid the ongoing investigation.  In an earlier update, Coinsecure also sought help from the Bitcoin community at large to identify the hacker and aid the exchange in recovering the stolen funds. A bounty of 10%, around $356,000 at press time, is being offered to any information leading to the recovery of funds.  Coinsecure said:  We are happy to issue a bounty of 10% to the community for help rendered for recovery of BTC.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ex-Google Employees Form Blockchain Alliance As Cryptocurrencies Catch Fire Twitter  Blockchain is sizzling amid escalating media hype about its vast potential applications in finance, supply-chain management, healthcare, and even the music business. Now, a trio of former Google executives have launched a new blockchain community whose goal is to develop and promote blockchain initiatives.  The xGoogler Blockchain Alliance (GBA) is comprised of blockchain project managers, investors, and advisors, including  Andy Tian,  Hitters Xu, and  Daniel Wang , according to a press  statement . The trio has impressive backgrounds in the space.  Andy Tian is the founder of Gifto, an Ethereum-based gifting platform that boasts more than 20 million users. Hitters Xu is the founder of Nebulas, a next-generation public blockchain. And  Daniel Wang is the founder of Loopring, a decentralized token exchange protocol.   Platform Active In San Francisco and Beijing  The tech triad, who oversee a number of prominent blockchain projects in China,  believe their experience at Google — the undisputed search-engine monopoly — can bolster mass awareness of the technology underpinning cryptocurrencies.  “Google has always been in the forefront of new technologies worldwide, from Android to AI,” Tian said. “As Googlers, we can bring our unique experiences to expand blockchain ’s influence, to everyone, everywhere.”  The xGoogler Blockchain Alliance is already active in San Francisco, Beijing, and Shanghai, and expansion plans are in the works.  News of this latest initiative came shortly after  Samsung revealed  it may soon adopt a blockchain ledger system to track global shipments. The move is expected to reduce Samsung ’s shipping costs by a whopping 20 percent.  Blockchain Revolution  Samsung isn ’t the only corporate juggernaut to join the blockchain revolution. Ripple just invested $25 million of its XRP cryptocurrency into Blockchain Capital Parallel IV, a fund that will invest in blockchain initiatives.  Similarly, the Rockefeller family (estimated net worth: $1 trillion) said it will  make long-term investments  in blockchain startups through its venture-capital arm, Venrock.  The influx of Establishment Money into the budding cryptocurrency ecosystem sent an unmistakable signal that major players in finance believe blockchain and bitcoin are here to stay.  Bypassing Wall Street For Blockchain  In a tangential trend, students at elite business schools are turning down traditional jobs on Wall Street and in finance to join blockchain startups and cryptocurrency companies.  Blockchain is the second-fastest growing industry in today ’s labor market, with 14 job openings for every one blockchain developer, according to TechCrunch.  “We ’ve got a lot of people who came from traditional finance backgrounds that are forgoing the chance to go back into that world to get involved in blockchain, ” Robbie Mitchnick, an MBA student at Stanford Business School, told  CNBC .  Edith Shi, a Harvard Business School student who ’s the president of its Blockchain, Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency Club, has witnessed a massive spike in interest in the nascent space.  “We ’ve seen a huge increase in interest in blockchain and bitcoin here at Harvard Business School, ” said Shi.  “Normally we get around 30 people signing up for information about the club. This year, we had nearly 800. ”  As CCN previously reported, top business schools are responding to this soaring interest by  expanding their course offerings  to include more classes on bitcoin, cryptocurrencies, and blockchain.  “We take our task to educate leaders who will make a difference in the world, ” said Mitch Weiss, a professor at Harvard Business School.  “And I think it is safe to say that blockchain leadership is going to be a big part of that. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Blockchain Startups Leapfrog South Korea ’s ICO Ban to List Coins Twitter  South Korea ’s ban on ICOs may have slowed things down, but it hasn ’t completely stopped the flow of new digital coins on local exchanges.  South Korean startups have not shut the door on this fundraising method, despite the ban, and are instead domiciling their initial coin offerings abroad and then listing their digital coins on South Korean exchanges. The development comes on the heels  of a report  suggesting that the country is rethinking its harsh stance on ICOs altogether.  South Korea unleashed its clampdown on the cryptocurrency markets in September 2017, when it banned ICO listings in the country, as  CCN previously reported . The move threw a wrench into cryptocurrency trading volumes there, where the bitcoin price is known to trade at a hefty premium versus other markets. Meanwhile, there was scuttlebutt last month that South Korean investors may be scooping up Luxembourg-based bitcoin exchange Bitstamp in a deal worth approximately $400 million, though those reports remain unsubstantiated at thi s point.   Along with all the other news about virtual currency exchanges, I 've heard from numerous sources that one of the oldest exchanges, Bitstamp, is in the final stages of being sold to South Korean investors for ~$400m. Neither the exchange nor the buyers are commenting.  — Nathaniel Popper (@nathanielpopper)  March 22, 2018   What Ban?  Meanwhile, the tide is beginning to turn for ICO issuers, as evidenced by ICON (ICX), a new coin developed by Seoul-based fintech DAYLI Financial Group but issued in Switzerland. The ICON Foundation is r egistered in Switzerland  but operates out of Korea.  South Korea ’s top two cryptocurrency exchanges, Bithumb and Upbit, support Icon for trading where the new coin has been listed since March. Just as South Korea followed in the footsteps of China to ban ICOs, the issuing companies have found a way to bypass the rules. ICON has been a profitable investment so far, having started trading at $0.11 and soared to $2.64, or KRW 2,814.  NH Investment and Securities cryptocurrency analyst Park Nok-sun told Reuters the listing on the South Korean trading platforms is  “significant ” because it ’s the country ’s  “first platform coin ” developed on code that can also support other applications. It ’s been compared to the Ethereum network.  ICON isn ’t the only Korean digital currency to have bypassed the ban. A trend has developed in which approximately 12 companies have similarly launched ICOs overseas but listed their coins on Korean exchanges, including Hyundai subsidiary Hyundai BS &C, an Internet of Things startup that similarly chose Switzerland for its Hdac token generating event.  Hdac was atop the leaderboard in December 2017, having raised $258 million in its ICO,  according to Hacked.com .  Meanwhile, South Korean regulators want South Korean startups to be transparent about their international deals but don ’t plan to stand in their way, according to Reuters. Meanwhile, it would be much easier and less expensive for South Korea to allow local startups to launch their token sales locally once again.  Seoul city image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Andreessen Horowitz Plots a Dedicated Cryptocurrency Investment Fund: Report Twitter  Andreessen Horowitz , founded in 2009 by Marc Andreessen and Ben Horowitz,  one of the leading venture capital firms active in the cryptocurrency space, plans to launch a separate fund for exchanging crypto assets.  The new fund could signal what some see as the next wave of innovation: direct investor involvement in cryptocurrencies, according to  Recode .  In general, venture capital firms have been wary about directly investing in cryptocurrencies. Some have said their limited partners could do so on their own and avoid the fees that they’d need to pay to the venture capital firms to do it for them. Others, such as conservative limited partners, worry about the sector’s regulatory risks.  Andreesen Horowitz, however, has an exceptional track record in the crypto space. General partners Chris Dixon and Alex Rampell, who lead the team, are seen as guiding lights for the asset class in Silicon Valley.  So far, the company has invested in two types of funds. It has invested in early- and late-stage startups, the last of which totaled $1.5 billion, closing in 2016. It has also invested in bio projects, which last year provided the firm with $450 million for investing in a specific class of companies.  The company ’s blockchain and cryptocurrency investments include  Coinbase ,  Ripple , CryptoKitties Polychain Capital, a crypto specific fund, and ICOs. It has not, however, publicly traded crypto assets such as bitcoin.  A New Direction  The company declined to comment on the new fund.  However, a pair of job listings on the company’s website mention a “separately managed fund focusing on crypto assets.” The job postings do not indicate the size of the fund or when investing would begin.  The listings for a finance and operations manager and a legal counsel do spell out the following details:  The lawyer would be in charge of ensuring that the company’s crypto investments are SEC-compliant. This person would have to “operate in an area where the regulatory, legal and business climate remains largely unsettled,” the listing noted.  The finance manager would assist in collecting money from the company’s limited partners — known as a “capital call” in the parlance of the industry. One would be to help assign a valuation to the company’s crypto assets, which won’t be easy considering the volatility of some cryptocurrencies.  Also read:  Coinbase raises $2 million from Andreesen Horowitz  In Search Of New Opportunities  Some observers believe there is more money to be made in the digital currencies themselves than in the firms organized around them.  Andreessen Horowitz’s crypto fund investors are most likely to be digital asset supporters, or at least comfortable with risk in an uncertain financial and legal environment.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Show  ‘Basic Respect ’: Kraken CEO Double Downs on  ‘Insulting ’ New York Crypto Exchange Inquiry Twitter  Kraken CEO and co-founder Jesse made headlines recently for his strongly-worded response to the New York Attorney General ’s request for information on the Kraken exchange, the largest bitcoin exchange based on euro volume in the world.  The NYAG sent out a statement insisting that exchanges be  more transparent , and issued 13 exchanges a  34 point questionnaire  with a 2 week deadline for return. Kraken was one of those exchanges.  Powell  fired back  at the NYAG calling the questionnaire insulting, and stated that the startup company could not address all 34 points without diverting resources needed to fulfill their promises to customers to meet their roadmap goals on time. He refused to answer the questionnaire, suggesting that the US government make an appointment and send officials to San Francisco in person if they wan ted to learn more about his business.   Somebody has to say what everybody 's actually thinking about the NYAG 's inquiry. The placative kowtowing toward this kind of abuse sends the message that it 's ok. It 's not ok. It 's insulting.  https://t.co/sta9VuXPK1   pic.twitter.com/4Jg66bia1I  — Jesse Powell (@jespow)  April 18, 2018   Powell elaborated on the decision to do this in a  blog post  on Sunday, stating:  “We left our cushy jobs as founders of another successful company out of an ideological motivation to build that legitimate, professional exchange which would be capable of bridging crypto with traditional financial institutions and bringing it to the mainstream.  That is still our mission today. ” ”  Powell listed the reasons for refusing to answer the questionnaire in the post, with the primary issues being that they had already provided much of the information, the request for new information would disrupt Kraken ’s business, Kraken does not have New York clients, and the request essentially in Powell ’s view amounted to unpaid  consultancy work helping the NYAG to understand the crypto space. Powell pointed out that he would have equally refused the request had it been made from a North Korean attorney as well. The full list of reasons is as follows:   The deadline of 2 weeks is unreasonable given the scope.   The publication of the request, lack of any prior communication and inclusion of exchanges which are clearly outside of the AG’s jurisdiction (including Kraken) raise questions about the true motive. It comes off as a publicity stunt.   The request is ill-prepared. It’s an overly broad fishing expedition that asks questions irrelevant to the stated objective and misses obvious questions that actually would be helpful.   Much of this information was already provided to the NYDFS in 2014.   Much of this information was already provided to FinCEN in our 2017 audit.   Much of this information is publicly available on our website.   Some of this information is proprietary, trade secret information and kept confidential for competitive reasons.   Some of this information is highly sensitive and kept confidential for security reasons.   It is not clear that the complete production can remain private, especially given the government’s recent track record of getting hacked.   The AG demands Kraken, which has no NY clients, to assist in protecting NY consumers (presumably against those who have obtained the BitLicense), without offering any sort of compensation for the professional consulting work.     Pointedly, he added:  Kraken is always willing to work with regulators and law enforcement.  Whether you think you have us by the balls or not, approaching us with some basic respect and having a conversation is always going to make the interaction smoother and help you get what you want faster than storming in with your “or else” list of demands.  Kraken on Regulation  Powell makes it very clear that he feels personally insulted by the request for suggesting that Kraken was in some way subservient to the NYAG in a way that a non-crypto related company would not be, and stressed that his was a legitimate business and that while scams were rampant in the crypto space, crpyo-specific regulation was not necessary to prevent cases of simple fraud.  The SEC has charged a number of ICO founders with fraud recently, the co-founders of the  Centra Tech ICO  being a prime example.  Powell pointed out that he was willing to help the NYAG and US government understand the crypto space and was even willing to do so for free, but seemed to take real offence at what he perceived as an order handed down from what he called an  “ivory tower ”. He stated that customers cared about trading and security, not regulation and  “conforming to Wall St.’s image of what crypto markets should be ”. He has stated on a number of occasions that  crypto investors need to look out for themselves  and perform due diligence when investing.  His firm stance against the New York AG has divided opinions, but certainly made big waves in the crypto community and may end up prompting other exchanges to re-evaluate their options when it comes to dealing with government authorities.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Gemini Will Monitor its Bitcoin, Ethereum Markets Using Nasdaq Tech Twitter  Gemini, the Winklevoss twins’ cryptocurrency exchange, has announced a partnership with Nasdaq to use the latter’s technology to monitor all trading pairs of its crypto marketplace.  With the new agreement, Gemini will deploy Nasdaq’s surveillance technology, dubbed  SMARTS , for increased oversight over its recently introduced block trading feature and all trading pairs including BTC/USD, ETH/USD and BTC/ETH, Gemini said in a  statement  on Wednesday.  Further, the surveillance technology will also be used to oversee activity across Gemini’s auction process wherein data gathered is used by Cboe’s CFE Exchange to determine the settlement price for Bitcoin futures contracts.  The technology will enable help monitor real-time trading of bitcoin and ethereum on Gemini’s marketplace to determine and flag unusual trading patterns. SMARTS is used by some of the largest exchanges in the world, including the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE)and the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Ltd.  Gemini president and co-founder Cameron Winklevoss added in a statement with the  Wall Street Journal :  We’re doing this because we believe in the importance of creating a rules-based marketplace. We believe this is where things are headed.  Gemini sees Nasdaq’s SMARTS as ‘the most widely deployed surveillance system in the world’, stressing its implementation will further help the exchange build a ‘rules-based marketplace’ at a time when regulators and authorities, particularly in New York, increase their scrutiny into the operations of cryptocurrency exchanges.  Nasdaq, meanwhile, talked up the integration of its technology in ‘non-traditional marketplaces’ like cryptocurrency exchanges that are now held to the regulatory standards required of Wall Street companies.  “Being regulated by the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYSDFS), Gemini is held to the utmost standards in terms of capital reserve requirements,”  said  Nasdaq’s senior vice president Valerie Bannert-Thurner. “This is a major milestone in the application of SMARTS – and an important indicator of our commitment to expand the use of our market technology into non-traditional marketplaces, as well as new frontiers beyond the capital markets.”  Gemini, which operates in the state of New York as a fiduciary without the mandated requirement of the state’s ‘BitLicense’, was one of 13 cryptocurrency trading platforms named in  an inquiry for transparency  by New York Attorney General Eric Schniederman last week.  Featured image from Flickr/ TechCrunch .  
DECREASE	   Chinese Police Seize 600 Bitcoin Mining Computers over Electricity Theft Twitter  Chinese Police in the northeastern port city of Tianjin have reportedly confiscated 600 bitcoin mining computers in a case of alleged electricity theft.  The bitcoin mining equipment was seized after the local power grid operator reported an abnormally high spike in electricity consumption, China’s state-owned press agency  Xinhua  reported on Wednesday.  The power company observed sudden increases in power loads, the report revealed, up to 28 percent at peak consumption. A subsequent investigation revealed a junction box that had been allegedly tampered with by bitcoin miners who short-circuited the mains to avoid charges.  The city’s police have detained an individual and investigating five others for their alleged involvement in the bitcoin mining operation.  “Eight high-power fans were also seized,” Xinhua quoted Tianjin’s police as stating, adding that “it was the largest case of power theft in recent years.”  An energy-intensive process, cryptocurrency mining rewards miners with coins for creating blocks of validated transactions to add them onto a blockchain. Profits are made when the mining rewards exceed the heightened demands and costs of computing power and electricity, respectively.  China, once the world’s largest cryptocurrency market, is still home to a majority of the bitcoin hashrate due to inexpensive electricity and cheap labor in the mainland. Earlier this year,  a reported crackdown  led by China’s central bank on crypto mining operations saw the authority claim it could ‘tell’ local governments all over the country to regulate bitcoin miners’ power consumption in a bid to ‘gradually reduce the scale of their ‘production’.  While the report has since been  refuted , there is  an unmistakable exodus  of cryptocurrency miners leaving China. Chinese bitcoin mining giant Bitmain has already established a new subsidiary in  Switzerland  amid plans of carving  an entry into the United States  in the power-abundant, cheap-energy state of Washington.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   OKEx Suspends ERC20 Deposits on Discovery of Critical Ethereum Smart Contract Bug Twitter  Cryptocurrency exchange OKEx has suspended deposits of all ERC20 tokens after the alleged discovery of a serious bug in at least 12 smart contracts built to this token standard.  In a  statement  published Tuesday, the Hong Kong-based exchange  — third-largest in the world as measured by daily trading volume  — announced the suspension of deposits, explaining that attackers have exploited a newly-discovered smart contract bug called “batchOverflow” to generate “an extremely large amount of tokens” out of thin air and then deposit them into a normal  Ethereum  address.  From the statement:  “We are suspending the deposits of all ERC-20 tokens due to the discovery of a new smart contract bug  –  ‘BatchOverFlow ’. By exploiting the bug, attackers can generate an extremely large amount of tokens, and deposit them into a normal address. This makes many of the ERC-20 tokens vulnerable to price manipulations of the attackers.”  “To protect public interest, we have decided to suspend the deposits of all ERC-20 tokens until the bug is fixed. Also, we have contacted the affected token teams to conduct investigation and take necessary measures to prevent the attack,” the exchange operator added.  Changelly, a cryptocurrency trading service that acts as a broker between users and exchanges, has also suspended  ERC20 token  trading in response to the exploit.   Dear Customers, ERC20 tokens are temporarily unavailable due to an exploit check. We will bring them back, once we are sure there is no vulnerability in deposits received. Follow the updates!  https://t.co/qYutri4X3X  — Changelly.com (@Changelly_team)  April 25, 2018   A  Medium post  published over the weekend claims to have discovered the vulnerability, which the author says affects “more than a dozen ERC20 contracts.”  According to the post, batchOverflow is a “classic integer overflow” issue, which occurs when an operation attempts to use a numeric value outside of the range that the variable is able to represent with its allocated number of bits.  The post includes a proof-of-concept, which appears to show the researchers generating a nearly unlimited amount of tokens from a vulnerable ERC20 token contract.  Source: Coinmonks/Medium  It’s currently unclear how many and what specific tokens are affected by the bug, though it appears that  BeautyChain  (BEC) was among the first to be exploited, and exchanges first began to suspend BEC trading on April 22 and in some cases have rolled back BEC trades.  This story is developing. Follow CCN for continued coverage.  
DECREASE	   Launch Time? 82% of Institutional Crypto Investors Believe Bitcoin Price Has Bottomed Twitter  Institutional investors that have already invested in cryptoassets and are long-term bullish on the industry believe that the Bitcoin price has already bottomed out and will end the year above where it is currently trading.  That’s according to an informal survey conducted by Wall Street strategist Fundstrat Global Advisors, who administered it at a recent lunch attended by institutional cryptocurrency investors.   CRYPTO: We hosted a small group of institutional investors on 4/23, mix of crypto and traditional macro HF/long-only. Results below. Key takeaway, institutions believe  #BTC  bottomed. We see this as a leading indicator for inflows of big money into Crypto  pic.twitter.com/NybWPTZTg4  — Thomas Lee (@fundstrat)  April 24, 2018   The survey found that 82 percent of investors believe that the  Bitcoin price  has bottomed and 53 percent believe it will end the year between $10,000 and $20,000. Another 41 percent anticipate that it will trade between $20,000 and $30,000 at the end of 2018, while six percent predict it will ring in the new year above $30,000.  Significantly, 40 percent of attendees responded that John McAfee will win his bet that the Bitcoin price will  reach $1 million by the end of 2020 , though it is unclear whether they are actually that bullish or they just do not want to have to see  what will happen  if he loses.  For his part, Fundstrat founder Tom Lee  — who has set a  year-end Bitcoin price target  at $25,000  — said that he believes $1 million is possible but that the firm isn’t placing money on that wager.  “We are not staking anything on that, but I think $1mm is possible,” Lee said on  Twitter , adding that it’s “not our base case, but certainly possible.”  Two-thirds of respondents said that they do not think Ethereum will be classified as a security token, though nearly half also said that they do not believe the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) will provide regulatory clarity regarding tokens and securities regulations in 2018.  This is notable, given that former Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Chairman Gary Gensler recently said that he believes both Ethereum and Ripple’s XRP token are “ noncompliant securities ,” though he theorized that Ethereum was the more likely of the two to evade that classification.  The investors also predicted by a wide margin that Goldman Sachs will be the first major bank to offer cryptocurrency trading for institutional clients, which increasingly appears likely given that the firm recently  hired  an executive to develop its digital asset market strategy.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Known Bug in Brazilian Bitcoin Exchange Foxbit Sees Users Lose 58 BTC Twitter  Brazilian cryptocurrency exchange Foxbit has recently revealed that, via the BlinkTrade trading platform, it updated its login process, making it safer for users. The update may be too late, however, as recent reports suggest the company’s poor security allowed hackers to phish users out of an estimated 58 BTC (about $540,000).  The 58 BTC estimate comes from cybersecurity expert Leandro Trindade, who warned Foxbit something was wrong with its security practices on March 29. The cybersecurity expert realized something was up when he noticed local complaint portal Reclame Aqui was being flooded with Foxbit-related content.  Upon digging deeper, he found most users were complaining the funds they had on the platform went missing. Trindade’s  investigation found  that, on Foxbit, users could change their two-factor authentication (2FA) settings using only one password.  This allowed hackers to phish users, and change their 2FA settings to lock them out of their own accounts. Since there was no email confirmation, no security question, or any other security layer, all they then needed to do was proceed to withdraw the user’s funds.  Speaking to local publication  Portal do Bitcoin , Trindade stated (roughly translated):  “I could be rich right now. But my code of ethics won’t let me.”  He added that he tried to warn the exchange their users were at risk. He sent the company two emails, left a support ticket, and messaged it on Facebook. It took BlinkTrade about two weeks to get back to him. In its response, it reviled it would take seven days to fix the issues.  Per Portal do Bitcoin, it took the company 25 days to get rid of the vulnerability. Both Foxbit and BlinkTrade later on revealed they were aware of the issue before Trindade reached out, and added that a “new login and withdrawal procedure was being planned since early February.  Foxbit’s statement reads (roughly translated):  “The company was informed of the first occurrences in December and has since worked with BlinkTrade to strengthen security and guide users, as shown in our blog post in this regard. ”  User Losses  Evando Conceição Oliveira, a Foxbit user, claims to have lost $10,300 on the platform on January 22. He was initially contacted by Foxit’s legal department, which attempted to offer him 50% of what he lost. Oliveira tried to negotiate for a little more, and ended up receiving $5,700 from the exchange.  According to Foxbit, several other cases are being taken care of, with some being taken to court. In court. A similar case in Brazil, related to online banking, ruled in favor of the user, potentially setting a precedent.  This isn’t the first time Foxbit’s platform makes headlines. As reported by CCN, a bug in the cryptocurrency exchange’s platform allowed  users to withdraw their funds twice , leading to a $270,000 loss. The issue saw Foxbit go down for 14 days, although it  processed withdrawals during its extended downtime.  As covered, competition may be about to toughen up in the country, as Brazil’s largest investment firm, XP Investimentos, is reportedly going to  launch a cryptocurrency exchange.   BlinkTrade has revealed that it  “ has no responsibility in the occurrences, since in phishing cases, it is the users who deliver (directly or indirectly) their personal information to third parties. ” The company ’s chief executive officer, Rodrigo Souza, has since  published a video  contesting Trindade ’s criticism.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   VC Giant Sequoia Sues Crypto Exchange Binance Over Failed Financing Deal Twitter  Venture capital firm Sequoia Capital is suing the founder of Binance, the world’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange, for allegedly violating an exclusivity agreement.  Binance  founder and chief executive Zhao Changpeng has been sued by Californian venture capital firm Sequoia Capital in Hong Kong’s high court in relation to a financing deal that broke down between the two, last year.  Citing court documents filed on Tuesday and March 26, a Bloomberg  report  points to Zhao negotiating terms with Sequoia about an investment in Binance at the time of its launch in August last year.  Details from the court filings reportedly reveal terms of a deal that would’ve seen Sequoia inject a little over $8 million for an 11 percent stake in Binance in talks that valued the cryptocurrency at $80 million at the time.  Talks progressed over the following months before eventually breaking down in mid-December, when bitcoin approached its record all-time high near $20,000. The report reveals that Zhao’s team informed Sequoia that the proposed $80 million was seen as an undervaluation by Binance’s shareholders.  As the deal failed to materialize, Binance’s Zhao reportedly received a separate offer from another venture capital firm IDG Capital. The terms of the significantly higher valuation saw two proposed rounds of funding of $400 million and $ 1 billion respectively.  Sequoia is alleging that Zhao violated his exclusivity agreement with the firm after engaging in discussions with IDG Capital. While Sequoia and Zhao are still planning on settling the dispute in arbitration, Bloomberg adds that the VC firm moved to secure a temporary injunction from Hong Kong’s high court to keep Zhao from negotiating with other potential investors.  The world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange with just under $4 billion in trading activity over the past 24 hours (Coinmarketcap figures), Binance recently announced plans to move to the European island nation of  Malta  following  regulatory scrutiny  in nations like Japan.  Binance did not immediately respond to a request for comment at the time of press.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Deep Space, Adult Content, and Rallies: Last Week in Crypto Twitter  Make sure you check out the previous round-up  here , now let’s go over what happened in crypto  this  last week.  We regret the delay with the weekend round-up but, as they say, better late than never.  Price Watch:  Bitcoin  was up 15%  for the  second week in a row . The gains come after a slight gain  2 weeks ago . After going sideways at  $8,400  early last week, the price rocketed to $9,400. Despite the price rise,  bitcoin dominance  fell slightly for the second week in a row. Some analysts have attributed the rapid price gains to  extreme volume . Ethereum was up 30% last week  for the second week in a row. The move comes as the currency sees increased volume from Robinhood ’s  crypto expansion . Other fundamental analysts have pointed to potential  deregulation  caused by Ethereum ’s extreme  decentralization  as reasons for the price rise. Technical analysts continue to insist the price spike is purely the result of increased volume across the board The entire crypto market gained 40%  last week following strong gains of  20% last week.  Monero alone gained 12% ( $1 billion ) in a giant  green candle . A bullish sentiment continues to return to the market.  Adoption:  Syrian Refugee Blockchain :  A private fork of the Ethereum blockchain is being used to allow Syrian Refugees to check out at stores using a selfie to access their digital wallets. Samsung supply chain announced it ’s adoption of blockchain   to track logistics imports and exports and keep track of cargo in a complex international supply chain. NASA looks at Ethereum for Deep Space Exploration : Nasa has given a $330,000 grant for the building of technology to detect and evade space debris using smart contracts to receive data from satellites rather than scientists on the ground.  Regulation  & Enforcement:  Bitmain ’s U.S. invasion:  Chinese bitcoin mining giant  Bitmain   received approval  for a US bitcoin mining operation. The move comes after years of lobbying and is expected to result in a lease that will create 40 jobs. Bitcoin Drug Bust:  An Australian woman was  arrested  last week for buying drugs over the dark web. The authorities have not specified whether or not the police used any tool such as Bitfury ’s  Crystal . Russia Banned Telegram  in the wake of the companies nearly $2 million ICO 3 weeks ago. The company was banned after it failed to hand over encryption keys demanded by Russian authorities.  Startups:  Coinbase bought Earn.com  for $120 million last week. The move was not unexpected and has been rumored for months. Earn.com ’s current CEO will become the CTO of Coinbase. Some analysts have called transaction a  “ talent acquisition “. Pornhub to accept Verge : Pornhub announced it would accept XVG. A  blog post  from the popular site suggested the XVG was chosen for its anonymizing abilities. Cambridge Analytics was planning ICO:   The company at the center of the Facebook data controversy had plans for a $30 million ICO. After being the subject of the much regulatory action,  executive resignations , and several parliamentary testimonies, the company ’s future remains uncertain.  
DECREASE	   Nasdaq CEO: We’ll ‘Certainly Consider’ Becoming a Cryptocurrency Exchange Twitter  Nasdaq, the world’s second-largest stock exchange with a $9 trillion market cap, is open to becoming a cryptocurrency exchange in a regulated market.  In a televised interview with CNBC’s  Squawk Box , Nasdaq CEO Adena Friedman was asked of the position taken by Nasdaq’s board and herself on cryptocurrencies, specifically as a service provider.  “A lot of people are frustrated that even if they go into [the cryptocurrency] market, they have no liquidity [at an] exchange,” host and ‘Shark Tank’ shark Kevin O’Leary said, quipping: “Nasdaq would be a natural place for that, would it not?”  ‘It’s an unregulated space today, so it’s not something that we’ve decided to go into becoming a [crypto] exchange but we are providing our technology now to other crypto exchanges,” she replied, pointing to Nasdaq’s surveillance technology that will be put to use by Gemini to  monitor its cryptocurrency trading pairs  in bitcoin and Ethereum.  Notably, she added:  Over time though, if we do look at it and say people are ready for a more regulated market for something that provides a fair experience for investors, certainly Nasdaq would consider becoming a crypto exchange, over time.  Asked if she was a believer in cryptocurrencies, she bullishly stated:  I would definitely say that – I believe that digital currencies will continue to persist. It’s just a matter of how long it will take for that space to mature. Once you look at it and say, ‘ do we want to provide a regulated market for this?’, certainly, Nasdaq would consider it.’  Developing …  
DECREASE	   Bitstamp to Be Sold to South Korean Gaming Firm for $350 Million: Report Twitter  Cryptocurrency exchange Bitstamp will reportedly be acquired by a South Korean gaming company.  Citing three sources familiar with the matter,  Business Insider  reports that Bitstamp  — the world’s oldest surviving Bitcoin exchange  — is close to finalizing a sale to Nexon, a South Korean gaming company that is now headquartered in Japan.  Bitstamp , which was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Luxembourg, became the world’s oldest-surviving exchange last year when China-based BTCC  shut its doors  after the country banned cryptocurrency trading platforms. The platform’s 24-hour trading volume is above $500 million, which makes it the world’s 10th-largest exchange.  Nexon, which released its first game in 1995, is worth approximately $13 billion and has developed Korean and Japanese version of high-profile PC and mobile games such as Counter Strike and FIFA Online.  Neither Nexon nor Bitstamp is commenting on the matter publicly, but the former is rumored to be paying $350 million for Bitstamp, which is currently Europe’s only licensed cryptocurrency exchange.  If true, Bitstamp will be sold for $50 million less than Circle is said to have paid for US cryptocurrency exchange Poloniex, which it  acquired earlier this year  in a deal reportedly worth $400 million. That’s notable, particularly since Bitstamp regularly ranks above Poloniex in daily trading volume and also has the banking relationships necessary to offer fiat trading pairs, unlike Poloniex.  Nevertheless, it will undoubtedly provide an excellent return on investment for Bitstamp’s investors. In 2013, cryptocurrency hedge fund Pantera Capital provided the platform with $10 million in seed funding, while the company later raised $2.4 million through a crowdfunding campaign in early 2017.  Notably, this won’t be Nexon’s first cryptocurrency exchange acquisition.  As CCN  reported , the company purchased a controlling stake in South Korean cryptocurrency exchange Korbit last September at a $150 million valuation. At the time, Korbit was South Korea’s second-largest exchange, and the platform continues to post daily trading volumes of approximately $100 million.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Wisconsin Mulls Allowing Bitcoin Donations for Political Campaigns Twitter  Ethics officials in the U.S. state of Wisconsin are divided on whether to allow political campaigns to accept campaign donations in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. If Wisconsin approves the move, it will join Montana, Washington, D.C., and the U.S. federal government in allowing cryptocurrency campaign contributions.  At a hearing on April 24, the Wisconsin Ethics Commission debated the issue but did not make an immediate decision,  WiscNews  reported. Leading the charge in favor of bitcoin donations was Phil Anderson, chairman of the Wisconsin Libertarian Party.  Anderson argued that cryptocurrencies “are more and more widely accepted as currency and as stores of value …The Chicago Board Options Exchange offers a futures market for bitcoin. And other financial platforms, corporations, and governments are weighing in on not ‘whether’ to address cryptocurrencies, but ‘how.' ”  Anonymity of Crypto Donations a Concern  But several commissioners balked at the suggestion, saying they ’re worried that anonymous crypto donations are untraceable, and therefore could open the door to violations of campaign contribution laws.  “If we can’t accurately and immediately describe who’s donating these funds, there’s a hesitation on my behalf to allow it,” said commissioner Pat Strachota.  Wisconsin State Representative Jimmy Anderson, a Democrat, tweeted that allowing digital currency donations “is really dangerous …The ability to conceal who is making the contributions alone is going to make this an ethical nightmare. ”   In response, Libertarian Phil Anderson suggested that Wisconsin follow the guidelines used by the Federal Elections Commission, which requires that bitcoin be immediately converted to U.S. dollars and then reported as an  “in-kind ” contribution such as a gift.  The state of California has recommended that politicians not accept virtual currencies as campaign contributions, but does not prohibit the practice. The slow adoption of cryptocurrency campaign donations is surprising since a growing number of American politicians have already accepted them.  Senator Rand Paul: I Accepted Bitcoin  U.S. Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky famously accepted bitcoin campaign contributions when he ran for president in 2016. He eventually lost to New Yorker Donald Trump.  Rand Paul is a Republican by party affiliation, but an avowed libertarian by personal philosophy, so it ’s no surprise that he embraces crypto.  Similarly, Missouri Republican Austin Petersen, who ’s running for Senate, accepted 24 fractional bitcoin donations (totaling $9,700) in January 2018.  Petersen ’s campaign manager, Jeff Carson, said embracing cryptocurrencies aligns with his libertarian political philosophy.  Senator Rand Paul accepted bitcoin campaign donations when he ran for president in 2016. (screenshot)  “Austin is personally a fan of competition in the marketplace, even when it comes to our currency, ” Carson told  ABC News .  “With the rise of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, it was a no-brainer for us to use those. ”  Many people don ’t understand the hesitation to accept an alternate form of currency as a campaign contribution, since most politicians will take money from anyone who ’ll give it.  “It ’s just another form of payment, ” said Paul Paterakis, the press secretary for a New York politician.  “It ’s a common misconception that bitcoin is truly anonymous. It ’s not. It can be traced on the blockchain (the open ledger) quite easily. ”  Bitcoin Price Outlook Is Bullish  As the debate over crypto continues, bitcoin prices have enjoyed a robust rally during the past week, in part fueled by the  Post Tax-Day surge  portended by Fundstrat co-founder Tom Lee.  And the hits just keep on coming. After tech billionaire Tim Draper set a  $250,000 bitcoin price target for 2022 , a market analyst who accurately predicted both bitcoin’s recent slump and ensuing rally, has set a near-term bitcoin price  target of $11,500 to $11,800 , as CCN has reported.  “After fighting regulation headwinds and tax selling, the path of least resistance is higher, and I believe the sector still has much more upside in the long run,” said Bill Baruch, president of Blue Line Futures.  So despite the growing drumbeat of skeptics, many experts believe the outlook for bitcoin is dazzling, both in the short-term and over the long haul.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘New Money ’ is on Bitcoin, Not Bitcoin Cash: Fundstrat ’s Tom Lee Twitter  Thomas Lee, co-founder of Fundstrat Global, doesn ’t like to take sides in the bitcoin/Bitcoin Cash rivalry. But holding his feet to the fire, Lee would bet on the No. 1 cryptocurrency over its spin-off, Bitcoin Cash.  Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash advocates have locked horns over which is the better digital currency, and Lee ’s decision isn ’t all that surprising given he ’s calling for a  $25,000 bitcoin  price by year-end.  Lee tells CNBC :  “I prefer not to pick winners and losers when we ’re looking at cryptocurrencies like bitcoin/Bitcoin Cash. I think both have merits. But if I were putting new money to work today, so a fresh dollar, I would be a lot more interested in buying a laggard that could attract inflows rather than something that ’s already potentially overbought. ”  Earlier this month, cryptocurrency fund manager Brian Kelly similarly  made headlines  for betting on Bitcoin Cash, the No. 4 digital currency based on market cap whose followers believe is the Second Coming for its features that capitalize on bitcoin ’s issues  — transaction speed and cost. The Bitcoin Cash price rallied in recent weeks amid an upcoming hard fork that ’s scheduled for mid-May.  Lee suggests that Bitcoin Cash is  “overbought ”, pointing to Kelly ’s  “new entry ” in Bitcoin Cash as helping to drive the price higher, though the BCH price has pulled back some from last week ’s rally.   Bitcoin Bottom  Meanwhile, Lee has been arguing that bitcoin  has bottomed  and recently tweeted that institutional interest  “is a leading indicator for flows of big money into crypto. ”   CRYPTO: We hosted a small group of institutional investors on 4/23, mix of crypto and traditional macro HF/long-only. Results below. Key takeaway, institutions believe  #BTC  bottomed. We see this as a leading indicator for inflows of big money into Crypto  pic.twitter.com/NybWPTZTg4  — Thomas Lee (@fundstrat)  April 24, 2018   Just yesterday, Thomson Reuters unveiled survey results that indicated  20% of financial institutions  may begin cryptocurrency trading this year, underscoring what Fundstrat ’s Lee is observing as well.  “More clients are starting to be very serious about how they want to have exposure to this asset class. And so we ’re having conversations with people you would never think would actually have an interest or want to talk about crypto, ” said Lee on CNBC.  CCN  recently reported  that Goldman Sachs was moving closer to launching a proprietary cryptocurrency trading desk amid the addition of a cryptocurrency trader to spearhead its digital assets platform. Fundstrat ’s Lee tells CNBC it ’s a sign that cryptocurrencies are becoming  “mainstream ”.  Fundstrat ’s Bitcoin Misery Index (BMI) is currently hovering at about 47 after being stuck below 20 earlier this year. The higher the reading on the BMI, the more jubilant traders feel about bitcoin.  “Historically, as BMI moves up, the bitcoin price usually accelerates, ” said Lee.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ethereum Price Leads Morning Retreat as Market Dips Below $400 Billion Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets made an early morning retreat on Wednesday, pressing pause on its extended bull run. The Ethereum price led the retreat with a nine percent decline, and altogether nine of the 10 largest coins and tokens lost value against the dollar, while four posted double-digit declines.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The major price action began Wednesday morning at approximately 2:30 UTC when the  cryptocurrency market cap  was valued at $434 billion. Over the next two-and-a-half hours, the market shed $30 billion, and  — despite a brief recovery  — continued to decline throughout the morning. At present, the cryptocurrency market cap is valued at just $393 billion, representing an intraday decline of 9.4 percent.  It ’s not immediately clear what caused the bulls to run out of steam, though it may be a simple matter of traders who bought at the bear market ’s bottom taking profits following this week ’s  rapid recovery , which had seen the cryptocurrency market cap swell by more than $100 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Both single-day and one-hour price movements have moved into negative territory across the board, though the retreat has disproportionately affected altcoins.  Indeed, the Bitcoin price declined just one percent for the day, beating the index by more than eight percent and raising its market share back above 39 percent. Bitcoin is now trading at a global average of $9,168.  The Ethereum price declined by more than nine percent just hours after piercing $700 for the first time in more than a month, and the second-largest cryptocurrency is now valued at $621.  The Ripple and Bitcoin Cash prices fared even worse, plunging 13 percent and 16 percent, respectively, to $0.80 and $1,276.  EOS was the lone cryptocurrency among the market ’s top-tier that managed to keep its head above the water for the day, though the token has plunged by nearly four percent in the past hour alone.  The remaining top 10-cryptocurrencies exhibited similar one-hour declines while also posting 24-hour retreats of between eight percent and 14 percent.  Nevertheless, investors have ample reason not to panic. Despite the single-day pullback, every top 10-cryptocurrency remains in positive territory for the week, and six have risen by at least 10 percent.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   126 Banks-Strong Brazilian Association Febraban Reveals Blockchain Tests Twitter  Febraban, the Brazilian Federation of Banks with over 120 associated banks, is actively exploring and researching blockchain technology.  The Federation has published tests that have been carried out on different platforms such as  Corda , developed by the global banking consortium  R3 . Recently, it has announced the addition of another event, the CIAB Febraban, whose talks to start in June 2018 will be on Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Blockchain, IOT and how these changes can quickly create or destroy a business.  Since 2016, the Federation has explored the potential of the blockchain, creating the Blockchain Working Group the same year. The group composes of members of the Technology and Banking Automation Executive Committee  – Banco do Brasil, Bancoob, Banrisul, Bradesco, BTG Pactual, Caixa, Citibank, Itaú Unibanco, JP Morgan, Safra, Santander as well as the Brazilian Central Bank, CIP and B3, a new company resulting from the merger of BM  & FBOVESPA and Cetip. Last year, Febraban also organized its first-ever blockchain event focused on the use of technology. It announced that blockchain tech allied with Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the focus of the institution.  According to a survey conducted by the federation last year, 65% of industry executives in Brazil said that their companies study blockchain implementation and 29% already evaluate analytics and cognitive computing or AI experiences.  Proof-of-Concept  According to the Federation, the first proof of concept, called Fingerprint, used the Corda platform and involved Brazilian banks Itaú, Bradesco and B3. The test, developed in R3 ’s cloud lab, created a database with fictitious information such as name, Brazilian official documents of identification (CPF and RG), age, address and telephone with document storage. The result has proven the ability of banks to operate collaboratively, with the guarantee of immutability of shared data, preservation of privacy and traceability of information.  The second proof of concept (DNA) was developed using the  Hyperledger Fabric , backed by IBM, this time with the participation of all the institutions of the FEBRABAN Working Group. The tests allowed to evaluate the current capacity of the platforms, the differences between them and aspects related to the development. The next step is to carry out a pilot scheme, which is in the process of being set up and will be started soon after the conclusion of th e DNA.  Besides these, according to Febraban, Bradesco bank evaluates platforms in back office processes and solutions for startups of the program InovaBRA. One of the proofs-of-concept is related to guarantees in financial operations, such as the creation of an application to communicate with all members of the chain – for example, other particular banks.  Febraban revealed that the Central Bank of Brazil is using the Ethereum platform to support the Reserve Transfer System (STR), one of the components of the  Brazilian Payment System  (SPB). The solution will be implemented in the event of any failures of existing platforms, the association added.  “The regional ones could work through an alternative transfer system using DLT technology, ” explained Aristides Cavalcante, deputy chief of the Information Technology Department of the Brazilian Central Bank.  Febraban also revealed that it has been working with startups, among them e-Wally, a digital portfolio that has been testing Blockchain in the community of Paraisópolis, one of the smallest low-income regions in São Paulo. The solution enables non-cost operations such as deposit, transfer and payment of bills, and allows any user to take ATM paper, earning per transaction fee,  according to the startup site. All bank transactions are blockchain encrypted and allow distributed platform handling and auditing.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Binance Leads $30 Million Funding Round in Signal Founder’s Crypto MobileCoin Twitter  Cryptocurrency exchange giant Binance has led a $30 million funding round for MobileCoin, a cryptocurrency whose development team includes Signal creator Moxie Marlinspike.  MobileCoin  announced  the conclusion of the funding round on Tuesday, adding that Binance had made its investment in the project through Binance Labs, its blockchain incubator.  The cryptocurrency, which will utilize the Stellar Consensus Protocol (SCP), aims to make privacy a central focus while also creating a seamless user experience that lends itself well to integration with mobile messaging apps such as WhatsApp and Signal  — each of which relies on end-to-end encryption technology created by Marlinspike.  “A mobile-first, user-friendly cryptocurrency, like MobileCoin, plays a critical role in driving mainstream cryptocurrency adoption,” Binance Labs said in a statement.  By investing in other industry projects, Binance seems to be charting a similar course to Coinbase, who recently  launched  its first venture fund. However, Coinbase has said that it will not invest in cryptoassets, as this would present the firm with a conflict of interest and could raise regulatory issues.  Indeed, the mere fact that Binance has said that it will give MobileCoin “ priority consideration ” for listing  — which will undoubtedly improve the fledgling coin ’s price outlook  — would seemingly enhance  regulatory problems  if the coin is later deemed to be a security.  Notably, rumors have circulated in industry circles that Marlinspike is less-involved in the project than his role as technical advisor would suggest.  “Take it with a grain of salt, but word on the street is that @moxie is barely involved with the actual development on this thing,” Dogecoin creator Jackson Palmer wrote on  Twitter . “The lack of a Github repo / any open source code doesn ’t seem like his style.”  To Palmer’s point, MobileCoin does not appear to currently have an open-source code repository, though the rumors about Marlinspike’s involvement  — or lack thereof  — are currently just that: rumors.  Once MobileCoin releases the project ’s open source code, the true level of Marlinspike’s involvement in the project’s development should become more clear.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Busted: Britain Confiscates $700,000 in Bitcoin from Hacker Twitter  A British court will this month sentence a 26 year old cyber-fraudster, from whom Scotland Yard seized about $700,000 in bitcoin proceeds earned from cyber-crime activities in 2015.  The seizure of the $700,000 worth of bitcoin from Grant West last year is one of the first such seizures of cryptocurrency from any cyber-criminal in Britain.  West was arrested last year on a train after a lengthy investigation by police authorities who were able to gain access to his bitcoin accounts as he was logged in at the time of his arrest.  West’s cyber-crime activities involved  hacking  into websites of companies such as Sainsbury’s, Uber, Ladbrokes and others. After gaining access into the companies’ websites, he would then obtain personal information of customers for companies.  Britain’s Southwark Crown Court will sentence West on May 25.  Takeaway dining company Just Eat appears to have been the most affected after private information belonging to nearly 200,000 of its clients was obtained, with West using phishing email scam to mine the details.  The personal details of these companies’ clients were then sold on various dark web market places. West would then convert the proceeds into his bitcoin account. The fraudulent activities were carried out using the username Courvoisier during the July to December 2015 period.  Mick Gallangher, one of the investigators under the police team that worked on the case for two years said British police and authorities had  now debunked  the anonymous nature of cyber criminals who convert their proceeds into cryptocurrencies.  “These people generally feel they can operate with impunity, that they can ’t be touched. We have now debunked that, ” he said.  British courts have already sentenced West’s girlfriend, Rachael Brookes, who is an accomplice in the cyber-crimes to two years. This was after West pleaded guilty to charges cyber-attack charges in December last year.  USA Today  has also reported that Investigators also gleaned encrypted access codes saved on West’s computer.  The confiscation of bitcoin belonging to West under the case has raised debate and discussion over the difficulties of law enforcement, especially when tracking fraudulent money stored in cryptocurrencies.  However, as a  fact check  from a Quebec government agency found last month, bitcoin ’s perceived associations with criminal activity are largely overblown.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Binance CEO Narrows on Sequoia-Linked Projects as Legal Spat Continues Twitter  Cryptocurrency exchange Binance has fired a shot across the bow in its ongoing legal dispute with US venture capital firm Sequoia Capital.  Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao on Monday tweeted that the company, which operates the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange according to self-reported data, is considering requiring projects to disclose any affiliations with Sequoia when they apply to have their assets listed on the firm ’s platform.  “We may soon require all projects applying to list on Binance to disclose if they have any direct or indirect relationships with Sequoia,” Zhao tweeted, adding later that “The hard working entrepreneurs are no longer weak, thanks to crypto!”   We may soon require all projects applying to list on Binance to disclose if they have any direct or indirect relationships with Sequoia.  — CZ (@cz_binance)  May 7, 2018   Zhao did not expound on his cryptic tweet, nor did he state outright that the company would discriminate against Sequoia-affiliated projects. Binance did not immediately respond to a request for clarification.  However, it ’s apparent that relations between the two heavyweights remain tense as they continue to litigate a dispute stemming from Sequoia ’s failed bid to obtain a minority ownership stake in the exchange.  As CCN  reported , Sequoia’s Chinese wing had last year made an offer to purchase an 11 percent stake in Binance in a deal that would have valued the firm at $80 million. Those discussions broke down in late 2017 amid a cryptocurrency market boom that saw the exchange become the world’s largest cryptocurrency trading platform. Binance later received an offer from IDG Capital which would have ul timately valued the exchange at $1 billion.  Sequoia filed a suit against Zhao in March, alleging that he violated an exclusivity agreement when he entertained IDG’s offer. Zhao denies the allegations.  Last month, Binance announced that the High Court of Hong Kong had  dismissed an injunction  that the exchange says Sequoia “improperly obtained” last December, adding that the VC firm had been ordered to pay Zhao ’s court costs.  At present, Binance has a daily trading volume in excess of $2 billion, which ranks second among cryptocurrency trading platforms. However, the company  — which recently  announced a relocation  to bitcoin-friendly Malta  — usually outpaces its competitors in total volume by a comfortable margin.  Sequoia, meanwhile, has been among the most active Silicon Valley VC firms in the cryptocurrency space and is said to have engaged in funding discussions with cryptocurrency exchanges located throughout the world.  Featured Image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Those 600 Missing Iceland Bitcoin Miners Could Be in China Twitter  With an inquiry to police in China, Icelandic authorities are checking to see if the 600 missing bitcoin miners from Iceland’s ‘Big Bitcoin Heist’ have surfaced in Asia.  According to a  report  by the Icelandic National Broadcasting Service (RUV), the country’s national public-service broadcaster, the island’s police have sent Chinese police an inquiry about the latter’s seizure of 600 bitcoin mining rigs in late April.  Chinese police  confiscated the equipment  in a case of alleged power theft after a local power grid operator in the northeastern city of Tianjin observed abnormally high spikes in electricity consumption. An investigation revealed a tampered junction box, allegedly by bitcoin miners who had tweaked the mains to avoid charges.  Tianjin’s police claimed it was the “ largest case of power theft in recent years ” upon seizing the equipment, which also included eight high-power fans used to cool the mining operation.  Curiously, the machines seized in China have the same count as the number of machines stolen in Iceland, 600 in total between four separate burglaries in December and January. 100 power sources, 100 motherboards, 100 memory drives and 100 CPUs were also stolen in the spate of thefts.  Labeled as the ‘ Big Bitcoin Heist ’ by the Icelandic Media, the estimated value of the stolen equipment exceeds $2 million and is believed to be an organized crime leading to Iceland’s biggest ever theft.  It remains to be seen if there is a connection between the two incidents in Iceland and China or a case of mere coincidence.  The alleged mastermind behind the heist, Sindri Thor Stefansson,  dramatically escaped  an Icelandic prison through a window before taking a 60-mile trek to Keflavík International Airport before boarding a plane – which also carried Iceland’s prime minister – to Sweden. He was subsequently  arrested in Amsterdam  a week later and has since expressed regret for fleeing from that  safe and comfortable prison  in Iceland.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Australian Blockchain Firm Strikes $190 Million Crypto Mining Deal Twitter  Sydney-based IoT Group, an ASX-listed firm, has inked a deal with the Australian reseller of Bitfury’s bitcoin mining hardware to kickstart a mining operation  if  it can get a decommissioned coal plant up and running again.  In an  announcement  and disclosure on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) on Monday, the IoT Group revealed its subsidiary IoT blockchain had signed a ‘conditional binding terms sheet’ with Royalti Blockchain Group, the Australian reseller of bitcoin mining hardware giant Bitfury.  The proposed deal sees the IoT Group envisioning the development of a ‘Blockchain Applications Complex’ (BAC) in Hunter Valley, powered by the Redbank power station – a decommissioned coal plant. As reported previously, the IoT group partnered Hunter Energy in the endeavor with the latter working to acquire the power station to  build the proposed mining center  across two hectares. If successful, the IoT Group claims it will be able to draw energy at wholesale prices from the power station.  The deal is said to be over AUD$190 million according to a media release by the IoT Group, although disclosure compliance rules see no details of the figure present in the official ASX announcement.  According to the terms of the agreement, Royalti would install its Bitfury mining hardware at the facility provided by the IoT Group, alongside 20 megawatts of power for at least five years at 11 cents per KWh. Retail rates, in comparison, cost anywhere between 30c to 45c/KWh.  Cheap coal power could soon power cryptocurrency mining in Hunter Valley, Australia.  However, it is imperative that Hunter Energy acquires and recommissions the now-defunct Redbank Power Station to power its cryptocurrency mining operation. The coal plant was shut down in 2014.  In its ASX announcement, IoT Blockchain said:  Investors should note that the Terms sheet is subject to and conditional upon the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions precedent, including the completion by Hunter Energy of its proposed acquisition of all right, title and interest in the Redbank Power Station to the absolute satisfaction of IoT…If Hunter does not complete its acquisition…or if competition does not occur under the terms sheet…the transaction…will not proceed.  The terms for a legally binding Power Purchase Agreement will occur no later than October 1, 2018, the announcement added.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Another Crypto Firm Challenges India ’s Bitcoin Banking Blockade Twitter  A second India-based company has filed a legal challenge to a new central bank policy that bars financial institutions from providing cryptocurrency exchanges with banking services.  According to regional news outlet  Business Standard , Flintstone Technologies Private Limited  — operator of cryptocurrency trading and storage platform MoneyTrade Coin  — last week filed a plea before the Dehli High Court, arguing that the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) new policy is “arbitrary, unfair, and unconstitutional.”  “When we started our business, we wrote to all relevant ministries and officials to ensure that our business model was in line with all statutory guidelines. But these arbitrary decisions by regulators and certain financial institutions have jeopardized our business interests. Today, we have been made to look guilty in front of our investors for no fault of ours, ” Flintstone director Amit Lakhanpal said in the  petition .  The policy, first  announced in a circular  on April 6, prohibits institutions from offering bank accounts or other basic financial services to cryptocurrency exchanges and other companies that facilitate cryptocurrency trading. The RBI gave banks three months to comply with the order before it will begin taking enforcement action.  Several weeks later, the High Court of Dehli  agreed to hear a plea  on the matter from Kali Digital Ecosystems, a startup that had planned to launch a cryptocurrency exchange in August 2018 and had already invested significant capital into the project, which will be shelved if the RBI mandate takes effect.  Despite the banking blockade, there is a general consensus that the government will not take the ban a step further and prohibit cryptocurrency trading outright.  “There is a positive sentiment in the industry that the government will not ban trading in cryptocurrencies, and even if formal banking channels cannot be used, people can move to crypto-crypto trading platforms,” Shivam Thakral, chief executive of cryptocurrency exchange BuyUcoin, in a recent  Reuters  interview.  However, the ban will make it extremely difficult for companies to offer crypto-to-fiat trading pairs, so several Indian cryptocurrency exchanges have already launched crypto-to-crypto trading pairs ahead of the ban’s implementation.  Featured Image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Japan Bolsters Crypto Exchange Regulations to Prevent Another Coincheck Twitter  Japanese regulators have announced stricter regulations for cryptocurrency exchanges in an effort to prevent another heist like the one that befell  Coincheck  in January, according to  Nikkei Asian Review .  The country’s Financial Services Agency expects to begin using a new, stricter framework for registered cryptocurrency exchanges this summer, and will advise those that fail to meet its new rules to discontinue operations. Both new and existing operators will be required to meet the new standards.  A New Focus  The government has shifted its focus to strengthening consumer protection measures after initially recognizing virtual currencies as a valid form of payment in the interest of supporting the evolving technology.  The agency stated in April that new processes are needed for cryptocurrency exchange registrations that extend beyond simple documentation to include onsite investigations of how the operations are managed.  New Requirements Established  Cryptocurrency exchanges will now face harsher standards on system management, including not storing currency in internet-connected computers and having numerous passwords for currency standards.  Exchanges will also have to do more to prevent money laundering by verifying customer identification for major transfers. To keep customer assets separate from exchange assets, the exchanges will have to monitor customer account balances numerous times per day for signs of diversions. Exchanges will also be required to have rules in place to prevent their officers from using cl ient funds.  Japan ’s financial regulator has ramped up its scrutiny on cryptocurrency exchanges since the Coincheck theft.  There will also be new rules regarding the types of cryptocurrencies used at registered exchanges. Exchanges will generally not be allowed to grant a high degree of anonymity that would enable money laundering.  Stricter internal rules will also be required, including measures to separate management from shareholders. System development roles will have to be separate from those of asset management in order to prevent employees from manipulating the system for personal gain.  Also read:  Crypto exchange Coincheck made $491 million profit prior to hack  A Two-Step Process  Operators will submit documents to register exchanges with the FSA. Following a review of these documents, the agency will have inspectors visit the exchanges that pass the initial screening to examine their operations and verify the number of employees.  By not having sufficient expertise with exchanges, the agency has been “feeling our way through the dark on how thoroughly we should check these different aspects, ” an unnamed agency source said. The new system will enable the agency to conduct a detailed assessment and identify risks ahead of time.  In January,  Coincheck succumbed to a record-setting hack  that saw the attackers make off with $530 million worth of NEM tokens (XEM), raked in 62.6 billion yen ($573 million) in revenue, against just 8.8 billion ($8.1 million) in ordinary operating expenses.  The Japanese brokerage firm  Monex  Group acquired Coincheck in the wake of the hack, paying about $34 million for the disgraced exchange. One reason for the low sum is that it appeared unlikely that the country’s the FSA would grant the company a license under its previous management structure.  Images from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Potential Conflict of Interest? UK Parliament Blockchain [and Ripple] Critic Worked For R3 Twitter  Last week, UK Parliament held an evidence session aimed to inform regulators on the nature of blockchain and cryptocurrencies.  There were four guest panelists, with Director Martin Walker of the Centre for Evidence Based Management taking a hostile stance against blockchain as a financial instrument and  against the work of fellow panelist and Ripple representative Ryan Zagone  in particular. Walker claimed that Ripple was not suited to operate in the finance sector, citing the volatility of the XRP currency and the fact that Ripple owned a majority share of XRP currency.  Walker went on to categorize blockchain projects in terms of  “the good, the bad, and the ugly ”. The former banking professional and blockchain developer lumped all cryptocurrency, ICOs, and decentralized system projects into the  “bad ” category, while acknowledging that  “a much smaller part ” of blockchain technology belonged in the  “good ” section, namely projects that had stripped all privacy and decentralized features to resemble existing systems which don ’t use blockchain at all.  He stated that this could equally be achieved with decades-old technology, and insisted that blockchain as a technology that had  “little to nothing ” to offer the world of finance. Walker ’s  “ugly ” category referred to the belief that blockchain has a great many practical use cases, which Walker of course denied.  Walker ’s work with R3 Consortium  Though he had the most to say out of all four panelists, with  regulators even asking him to be brief  amidst collective laughter at one point, Walker neglected to mention in the 1 hour 53 minute session that throughout 2016 he worked as  Product Developer for R3 , arguably creating a conflict of interest as the majority of people watching and reading his testimony were unaware of this. R3 is a consortium of banks and other organizations that spent $59 million on a distributed ledger technology product called Corda. The company made headlines after claiming last year that despite popular opinion, the Corda product was not a blockchain.      R3 concedes defeat:  "No Block Chain, because we don 't need one "  pic.twitter.com/tHE3I6U8mN GAME OVER!  — Beautyon (@Beautyon_)  February 21, 2017   The company came under fire from the crypto/blockchain community following the announcement, with many voicing the opinion that their efforts to integrate blockchain into the financial services industry had been a  costly failure. The company denied that this was ever their goal and blamed any instances of R3 referring to Corda product as a blockchain on ”semantics ”. In 2017 an article written by Walker was published on Finadium.com called  “ The real story behind the R3 Consortium’s “Admission of Defeat” on Blockchain “.  The article, in which Walker again refers to blockchain as  “pixie dust ”,  backs the idea that the company was never working on blockchain, citing Ripple as an example of another company that doesn ’t operate a true blockchain.  R3 are  currently suing Ripple in a $19 billion lawsuit  over a terminated contract that would have allowed R3 to purchase 5 percent of the total XRP supply.   CAUGHT AGAIN! FUDDesk Mystery SOLVED:  The guy they prominently quoted worked for  … R3!!!  As usual, no mention, no indication that r3 is a Ripple competitor!   How hard is it to give adequate context to your readers?! Why do we have to dig deep AFTER your article has been out?  pic.twitter.com/6sTJg28mC7  — Dr. T (@XRPTrump)  May 2, 2018   Featured image from UK Parliament/ TV .  
DECREASE	   NBA Superstar Stephen Curry Inks Deal to Release His Own CryptoKitties Twitter  NBA superstar Stephen Curry has inked a deal that will see him become the first celebrity to get the CryptoKitty treatment.  The partnership, which was struck through Moji  — Curry’s emoji app development company  — will see the Golden State Warriors point guard release a series of three exclusive  CryptoKitties  modeled after his likeness.  “Stephen is the perfect partner to try out this new kind of Kitty, ” said Mack Flavelle, co-founder of CryptoKitties.  “He ’s an incredible athlete, but also has a deep interest in technology and innovation. ”  The first “CurryKitty”  — named “Steph Fur Three”  — went up for auction on Monday, and the final purchase price could rival the six-figure sales seen in mid-December at the height of CryptoKittiy mania.  Source: CryptoKitties  This particular cat’s biography focuses on Curry’s athletic achievements, while another  — “Chef Furry”  — focuses on his budding culinary process.  “Hi! I ’m Chef Furry! You might know me as a two-time MVP on the court, but I’m also runner up for MVP in the kitchen (I share the kitchen with my partner and she keeps me humble),” his biography reads. “Can you guess what my favourite dish is? If you said curry, paws for a second and ask yourself if I’ve heard that one before. If you said my lady’s chicken parm, get out of my head!”  CryptoKitties allows users to buy, sell, and breed digital cats, and it runs on the Ethereum blockchain as a decentralized application (DApp). Cats are structured as ERC-721 tokens, which are non-fungible and built to represent unique assets.  The game  — which was originally created by Canada-based development studio Axiom Zen  — recently spun off into its own venture after  raising $12 million  in a Series A funding round.  Though lauded for their potential, this promise has yet to translate into widespread real-world usage. According to Dapp Radar, just one DApp has more than 1,000 daily active users, and fewer than 20 DApps have more than 100 daily active users.  Featured Image from Flickr/ Keith Allison .  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Drops to $9,300, Cryptocurrency Market Loses $20 Billion Overnight Twitter  The bitcoin price has dropped to $9,300, demonstrating another 3 percent decline in value over the past 24 hours after failing to test the $10,000 support level. The cryptocurrency market followed the short-term price trend of bitcoin and has dropped more than $20 billion overnight.   Bitcoin’s Slump  On May 5, the global average bitcoin price was less than $100 away from achieving the $10,000 mark, as regions such as Hong Kong, Japan, and South Korea with premium rates already surpassed $10,000. However, bitcoin failed to secure the $10,000 support level and immediately declined by around 3 percent, to $9,600.    Since then, the bitcoin price has fallen an additional 3 percent to $9,300 and the volume of the cryptocurrency market has dropped by around $3 billion, from $26 billion to $22.9 billion.   Technical indicators of bitcoin including the Relative Strength Index (RSI) and Williams’ Percent Range (WPR) demonstrate a neutral zone, showing that bitcoin has not been oversold or overbought in the past 48 hours. But, simple and exponential moving averages show a negative short-term trend for bitcoin and if the dominant cryptocurrency fails to hold its volume and momentum in the $9,300 mark, it may be possible for the bitcoin price to record another 2 to 4 percent decline in the next few days.  Traders still remain optimistic in regard to the May 7 Ethereum Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) hearing in the US, as Ethereum founders including blockchain development studio ConsenSys founder Joseph Lubin firmly stated that they have done sufficient due diligence prior to the launch of Ether to ensure that it is not categorized as a security and remains compliant with existing regulations.  If the SEC declares that Ethereum is not a security, as it did with bitcoin, it will allow the entire market to recover and increase the demand from investors for cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ether.  Previously, SEC chairman Jay Clayton said that a token or a cryptocurrency can be considered a security if it is issued by a single company and if the issued digital asset directly affects the organization in a positive way.  Ethereum was not created by a commercial company but rather by an open-source development team and its code is being written by an open group of developers without the presence of a centralized team or commercial company.  As CCN previously reported, Lubin  said:  “We spent a tremendous amount of time with lawyers in the US and in other countries, and are extremely comfortable that it is not a security; it never was a security. We are absolutely unconcerned about the current discussions. I think we already have a regulatory scheme; securities laws in this country govern securities. If you fail the Howey test, you’re not a security.”  Ethereum and Tokens  Depending on the statement of the SEC on May 7, the short-term price trend of Ether and tokens could change drastically. If the SEC declares that bitcoin is not a security based on existing regulations as the majority of developers, analysts, and investors expect, the value of tokens and Ether will likely surge by large margins in the upcoming weeks.  
DECREASE	   Saudi Arabia Partners Ethereum Startup to Host Blockchain Bootcamp Twitter  Saudi Arabia ‘s Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (MCIT) has teamed up with ConsenSys, a cryptocurrency development studio, to host a “blockchain bootcamp” as part of the kingdom’s efforts to support technological development.  The bootcamp is part of the ministry’s efforts to develop national cadres in future technologies, according to the ministry.  The recent three-day bootcamp introduced participants to the workings of blockchain technology from both a business and strategy perspective, its applications and features. Technologists from several entities received in-depth training on how to create a development environment, build decentralized applications (dApp) with Ethereum smart contracts and integrate the dApps with w eb applications.  National Action Plan  Dr. Ahmed Al-Thenayyan, deputy minister for the technology industry and digital capacities, said the bootcamp met the MCIT’s 2020 action plan objectives to build a digital environment that attracts, incubates and develops skills in ICTs to boost development in the kingdom. He cited the investment in national capacities and cadres as enablers to ensure continued development and  entrepreneurship.  Modern technologies such as artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, blockchain, etc., are pillars of progress that contribute to the Industry 4.0 and the development of GDP, he said.  Riyadh, Saudi Arabia ’s capital city, is harnessing blockchain development for a number of initiatives.  He further noted a different business model and a new execution mechanism will be needed under the new rules of global competitiveness and the transition from focusing on assets and expertise to relying on the “new oil” (big data) and modern technologies like artificial intelligence.  “From guided exercises to coded examples, this bootcamp comes in response to the Ministry ’s desire to enable the Saudi technical youth to learn about the key advantages of blockchain technology and its mechanism, as well as to adopt it in a responsible manner to make businesses more profitable,” said Lina Hediah, executive director, ConsenSys MENA. “The aim of this workshop is to leverage Saudi Arabia’s untapped human resource potential, equip them with knowledge and insight, so they understand the power of blockchain and the current and future potential of its application.”  Partnerships Continue  The blockchain bootcamp is the latest in a string of partnerships Saudi Arabia ’s government has struck in a bid to bolster its blockchain prowess.  Ripple recently  inked a partnership  with Saudi Arabia’s defacto central bank to pilot instant cross-border payments on a blockchain among domestic banks in the region.  The Saudi Arabian Monetary Authority (SAMA), the central bank for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA), has entered an agreement with Ripple to launch a sweeping blockchain pilot that will see regional participating banks use Ripple’s enterprise blockchain for ‘instant’ international payments.  The pilot will enable banks to transact using Ripple’s xCurrent, an enterprise blockchain software that powers end-to-end tracking of payments and instant settlements around the world. The first-of-its-kind pilot involving a central bank will also see the KSA plugged in with access to over 100 financial institutions – banks, payment providers and more – on RippleNet, Ripple’s enterprise blockchain network.  The central banks of Saudia Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) are also  jointly working  on a cryptocurrency to enable cross-border transactions between the two countries. The central banks’ cryptocurrency will not be available for retail consumers. Instead, the digital tokens will be issued and exchanged between the two central monetary authorities as well as a number of commercial banks in both countries – all of whom will be participants in the cryptocurrency’s blockchain.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Europe ’s Cryptocurrency Brokers Seek Regulations in a Transparent Market Twitter  European cryptocurrency brokers are confronting regulators head-on, saying bring on the transparency.  Digital currency brokers would rather face clear-cut rules and greater transparency in the market than battle the stigma that they have anything to do with fraudulent activity in cryptocurrency trading, according to a  recent article in Bloomberg .  It ’s a sign of market maturity to see bitcoin exchanges like London-based eToro and Austra ’s Bitpanda proactively engaging with regulators for greater oversight. They believe policy like know-your-customer (KYC) regulation that is enforced in the United States would legitimize the market for investors who till now have remained sidelined, including mainstream and institutional investors.  US bitcoin exchange Coinbase, for instance, boasts 20 million members on its trading platform, but the exchange also works hand-in-hand with Wall Street regulators to keep track of customer activity. Japan ’s regulators are similarly becoming more engaged with the market, as evidenced by its decision to issue licenses to cryptocurrency exchanges that meet certain standards. Brokers in the United States and Japan are required to provide investor data to tax agencies, which could create a conflict of interest with customers.  Meanwhile, Europe lags both regions for cryptocurrency trading, and in order to take a bigger slice of the pie, e.g. institutional investors, regulation is vital.  Bitpanda ’s Co-CEO Eric Demuth told Bloomberg:  “We’d be happy to have regulations, so we know where we stand. ” And eToro ’s Managing Director Iqbal Gandham is the chair of self-regulated cryptocurrency trade group CryptoUK. Gandham told Bloomberg  –  “The benefits of regulation are clear. An appropriate framework would serve to both protect consumers, and ensure the longevity and legitimacy of the industry itself. ”  Meanwhile, Bitpanda is avoiding expansion into cryptocurrency- and blockchain-friendly regions such as Gibraltar and Malta where there is lax regulation and Demuth said  “it doesn ’t look good ” to operate. Other ther bitcoin exchanges including OKEx, which previously was based in China, has its sights set on Malta with plans of redomiciling in the island country.   We welcome  @OKEx_  a world-leading digital exchange, to our growing  #blockchain  ecosystem.  #Malta 🇲🇹 is fast becoming the jurisdiction of choice for Distributed Ledger Technology companies in the European Union and globally -JM  @SilvioSchembri  — Joseph Muscat (@JosephMuscat_JM)  April 12, 2018   Anti-Money Laundering  The Bloomberg article points to places in the world where bitcoin-fueled luxury or illegal transactions can remain largely untraceable given access to cryptocurrency ATMs and a lack of identity verification protocols. And the sooner there ’s greater transparency, the sooner cryptocurrency brokers will have a greater sense of security that their business won ’t be derailed because of any knee-jerk reaction from regulators. For instance, they want to avoid the steps taken by German regulators to identify digital currencies as  “financial instruments ”, which places the burden on exchanges.  Meanwhile, brokers in their quest for regulatory clarity aren ’t alone and have the support of CryptoUK. The trade group is  pushing lawmakers  to take a page out of Japan ’s book and license bitcoin exchanges that follow KYC and anti-money laundering (AML) protocols. CryptoUK also believes that cryptocurrencies should be overseen by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).  Meanwhile, the European Commission and supervisory authorities are examining whether the current regulatory framework is sufficient for cryptocurrency trading.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   HBO ’s Silicon Valley Digs at ICO Mania in Latest Crypto-Themed Episode Twitter  HBO ’s Silicon Valley is doing its part to usher in ICOs to the mainstream, as evidenced by the latest episode, which was entitled  “Initial Coin Offering. ”  The series, whose show opening includes a shot of US bitcoin exchange Coinbase in the corporate landscape, is all in, with fictional decentralized internet startup Pied Piper opting to pursue an ICO when their original plans for Series B funding go south.   It 's not always about money. Sometimes, it 's about wisdom. New episode of  #SiliconValleyHBO  tonight at 10PM.  pic.twitter.com/ILak8SMjID  — Silicon Valley (@SiliconHBO)  May 6, 2018   The cryptocurrency community was abuzz about the new episode on social media, including Reddit where members mostly thought the episode did the market justice and provided  “great exposure. ”  Ratings for Season 5 of Silicon Valley have  reportedly dropped  versus Season 4, at least in the 18-49 demographic. But the two weakest episodes for that demo were earlier in the season and since then the numbers are gaining momentum, as evidenced by HBO ’s decision to  renew the series  for a sixth season.  The Fictional Pied Piper ICO  The intro sequence for the current season of Silicon Valley includes a notable addition: cryptocurrency industry giant Coinbase.  The storyline is ripe with cryptocurrency references and also features a seemingly premature purchase of a Tesla by one of the engineers.  Main character Bertram Gilfoyle, meanwhile, presents the ICO as a  “win win ” because the management team doesn ’t have to dilute control with venture capitalists and despite any  “cryptocurrency volatility. ” Gilfoyle, who is Pied Piper ’s chief systems architect, has been mining digital currencies since 2009 when bitcoin emerged, a scene he described as  “underground ” and  “only true believers. ”  Gilfoyle introduces the Pied Piper Coin, which was his idea, in a televised interview with Bloomberg Tech, where host Emily Chang makes a cameo.   WATCH: Pied Piper 's Bertram Gilfoyle talks (rants) to  @EmilyChangTV  about the company 's recent ICO and his opinion of banks, paper money and VCs (he 's not a fan).  And … well … just watch. #SiliconValleyHBO   pic.twitter.com/7RN7BwXRw3  — Tech At Bloomberg (@TechAtBloomberg)  May 7, 2018   “What attracted me was the passage an ICO offers across the river sticks of venture capital. What attracted me was an informed disdain for traditional fiat currency, its paper stained with the greasy fingerprints of your banks and your mints. ” said Gilfoyle to Bloomberg ’s Chang in the episode.  “What attracted me was cryptocurrencies ’ fundamental anonymity that shields private transactions from the peering green eyes of the all-knowing governmental overlords, ” he added.  If the show ’s characterization seems emblematic of the cryptocurrency market, it ’s because they have engaged  blockchain consultants  for the series.  Meanwhile, Chang pointed out Gilfoyle ’s  “bleak view of financial institutions that have worked for centuries, ” to which the character responded:  “Worked, how so? ” to end the segment.  As one Reddit member points out, Silicon Valley didn ’t back away from some of the risks associated with ICOs, either.  Courtesy: Reddit  For instance, there ’s a scene located at a dumpster with the Pied Piper management team discussing the ICO with a  “friend ” who advised three dozen startups on token sales. When asked if they worked, the advisor quipped:  “It ’s not always about money. Sometimes it ’s about wisdom. ” This advisor lost $1 billion across the deals and physically lost $300 million in digital currencies when the thumbdrive on which the funds were stored was thrown in the trash.  Fictional decentralized internet startup Pied Piper has taken on a life of its own. For instance, there ’s a website dedicated to the fake company that sounds a lot like a blockchain startup that in many ways could be a reality, with the exception of promises like  “100x profit. ”  Pied Piper Coin started  trading at $0.07  and must trade for $68 per coin in order to attain the valuation they would have received with the venture capital backing.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Korea to Relax Cryptocurrency Curbs Under New FSS Chief  Twitter  The incoming head of Korea’s primary financial regulator has reportedly confirmed that the authority will look to ease regulations on domestic cryptocurrency trading.  Speaking to reporters on Sunday after being approved by President Moon Jae-in to lead the Financial Supervisory Service (FSS), new governor Yoon Suk-heun said the regulator will look at revising some regulations applied to the cryptocurrency market,  The Korea Times  reports.  Yoon, a visiting professor at Seoul National University, was nominated by the Financial Services Commission (FSC) – Korea’s financial regulator – to lead the FSS, which it directs. The new governor is seen as a “reform-minded” activist with experience as a bureaucrat in the country.  He told reporters:  Regarding cryptocurrencies, there are some positive aspects…The FSS will collaborate with the FSC when an inspection on policies and financial institutions has different configurations associated with different scopes. FSC inspects policies, while the FSS examines and supervises financial institutions but with the oversight of the FSC.  As reported in September, the FSS notably  issued the ban order  to completely curtail initial coin offerings (ICOs) in South Korea. In January, the FSC enforced a  ban on all anonymous cryptocurrency trading  by mandating – among both crypto exchanges and the banks providing services to them – the use of real-name trading accounts.  The latter move, seen as a measure that would curb anonymous trading while encouraging KYC-enabled practices in the industry, has dented the market instead.  “Markets expected the introduction of the real-name registration system would have been helpful to revive trading, but these efforts failed as local banks were reluctant to invite more crypto traders, ” a Bithumb official told the Korea Times.  Yoon declined to elaborate on the possible regulatory changes the FSS would consider for crypto exchanges when queried by reporters, stating:  There are a lot of issues that need to be addressed and reviewed. We can figure them out but gradually.  The incoming FSS chief could bring regulations encouraging crypto trading in South Korea.  The newly softened stance comes at a time when a group of lawmakers led by a politician from Korea’s ruling party is working on  a new bill to legalize ICOs  in South Korea after last year’s ban.  New FSS chief Yoon Suk-heun will begin his tenure at the job on Tuesday, May 8. The subject of cryptocurrencies and ICOs are certain to come up again when the Yoon fields questions during a press conference facing local and international media tomorrow.  Featured image from YouTube/ ARIRANG NEWS .  
DECREASE	    Bill Gates Would Love To Short Bitcoin, So Why Doesn ’t He? Twitter  Billionaire Bill Gates is a notorious bitcoin skeptic who says he would bet against it if he could because he believes cryptocurrencies are worthless investments that people profit from by pawning their holdings off to a  “greater fool ” than themselves.  Bitcoin a  ‘Greater Fool Theory ’ Investment  Gates told  CNBC  May 7 during a joint interview with his billionaire pals Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger:  “I would short it if there was an easy way to do it. As an asset class, you ’re not producing anything, so you shouldn ’t expect it to go up. It ’s kind of a pure  ‘greater fool theory ’ type of investment. ”  The three moguls convened over the weekend because they are members of the Berkshire Hathaway board of directors, which held its annual shareholder meeting on May 5. At the meeting, Berkshire CEO Buffett slammed bitcoin once again, this time calling it  “ rat poison squared , ” as CCN has reported.  Like other cryptocurrency bears, Bill Gates conceded that blockchain, the technology behind bitcoin, can be very useful but said virtual currencies are nothing more than crazy, speculative investments.  He added:  “Bitcoin and ICOs, I believe completely that [they ’re some] of the crazier, speculative things [you could invest in]. ”  Gates — whose net worth tops $91 billion thanks to the de facto monopoly Microsoft has enjoyed for decades — said someone once gave him bitcoin for his birthday, but he sold it.  Of course, if Gates really wanted to short bitcoin, he has a variety of options. Even if he doesn ’t feel comfortable trading on a cryptocurrency exchange such as BitMEX, he could easily open a short position in bitcoin futures on CBOE, CME, or perhaps even  Goldman Sachs ‘ new bitcoin derivatives product.  That he doesn ’t  — even while protesting that he wishes he could  — is telling.  Berkshire ’s Bitcoin Bashing Barrage Continues  Berkshire Hathaway ’s Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger have been some of bitcoin ’s fiercest critic. Screengrab: CNBC  During the same interview, billionaire Charlie Munger — the vice chairman of Berkshire Hathaway — called bitcoin  “worthless ” and useless.  He stated:  “Bitcoin is worthless, artificial gold. That is not something I think the world needs. The fact that it ’s clever computer science doesn ’t mean it should be widely used, and that respectable people should encourage other people to speculate on it. Bitcoin reminds me of Oscar Wilde ’s definition of fox hunting:  ‘The pursuit of the uneatable by the unspeakable.' ”  Munger, 94, has said bitcoin trading is akin to clueless people with dementia trading feces to keep up with everyone else. “[It ’s] like somebody else is trading turds and you’re being left out, ” he said.  Bill Gates ’ skepticism toward crypto is no surprise given his cynical outlook on the entire market.  As CCN previously reported, Gates  blames bitcoin  for drug deaths, claiming cryptocurrencies are go-to vehicles for illegal drug sales and money-laundering.  “Right now cryptocurrencies are used for buying fentanyl and other drugs, so it is a rare technology that has caused deaths in a fairly direct way.  “I think the speculative wave around ICOs and crypto currencies is super-risky for those who go long.”  Tech ’s New Guard Bullish on Cryptocurrency  Despite the bearishness of these  “old guard ” billionaire moguls, the new crop of tech billionaires has no doubt that bitcoin is the unstoppable wave of the future. Binance founder Changpeng Zhao was quoted by  Bloomberg  as stating:  “I’m convinced 100 percent that crypto is the future.I just know it will happen.”  Similarly, the  Winklevoss twins  Tyler and Cameron (estimated net worth: $900 million to $1.1 billion) say bitcoin skeptics who flippantly dismiss crypto suffer from an epic “failure of imagination.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Nearly as Bad as ‘Trading Harvested Baby Brains’, Says Berkshire VC Munger  Twitter  Berkshire Hathaway’s bitcoin bashing barrage doesn’t show any signs of letting up.  Just one day after Berkshire Hathaway chairman and CEO Warren Buffett trashed bitcoin at the legendary firm’s annual shareholders meeting in Omaha, Nebraska, vice chairman Charlie Munger unleashed a memorable rant of his own.  Munger’s comments on cryptocurrency started out amicably enough, but they quickly escalated into a series of potshots  — which is not altogether surprising given his  history  on the subject.  “The computer science behind bitcoin is a great triumph of the human mind,” Munger told  Yahoo Finance . “They created a product that’s hard to create more of but not impossible. [But] I see an artificial speculative medium,” he said. It’s “anti-social, stupid and immoral.”  The 94-year-old Munger then proceeded to compare cryptocurrency trading to dealing in “freshly harvested baby brains,” arguing that both would be immoral even if profitable.  “Suppose you could make a lot of money trading freshly harvested baby brains. Would you do it?” he asked. “To me bitcoin is almost as bad.”  Munger then took aim at bitcoin proponents, alleging that it is disgraceful to promote cryptoassets and chastising them that it is  “beneath you. ”  “I regard the whole thing as a combination of dementia and immorality. I think the people pushing it are a disgrace,” he concluded. “There ought to be some things that are beneath you, that you just don’t do, and this is one.”  The Berkshire vice chairman’s comments were perhaps even more inflammatory from those issued by his boss and longtime friend just a day prior.  As CCN  reported , Buffett  — a consistent bitcoin bear  — told shareholders that the cryptocurrency is “rat poison squared” and that the asset class will “come to bad endings.”  Munger, reports say, chimed in to remark that he likes cryptocurrency “even less than Warren does.”  Featured Image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   The UK’s Cryptoassets Taskforce Agrees on Key Objectives in First Meeting Twitter  The British government’s newly-established cryptocurrency task force has held its first meeting ahead of assessing what, if any, regulation is required for the broad crypto and blockchain sector.  The UK government’s ‘Cryptoassets Task Force’  – comprised of Her Majesty’s Treasury alongside the Bank of England and the Financial Conduct Authority (the central bank and the financial regulator respectively) – agreed over a handful of key objectives during its  first meeting  on Monday.  As reported previously, the British government  established the task force  in March as a part of its broader ‘FinTech Sector Strategy’ to understand both risks and benefits of cryptocurrencies, as well as exploring applications of blockchain technology.  Monday’s meeting was attended by senior government figures and financial regulators including Katharine Braddick, director general of financial services at HM Treasury, Bank of England deputy governor Dave Ramsden and FCA chief Andrew Bailey.  In laying out the group’s objectives, the task force agreed to:  Explore the impact of cryptoassets (cryptocurrencies) Understand the benefits and challenges of blockchain technology in financial services; and “Assessing what, if any, regulation is required in response.”  FCA chief executive Andrew Bailey added:  “Cryptoassets have been an area of increasing interest for markets and regulators globally including the FCA. We look forward to working with our counterparts at the Bank of England and the Treasury as part of the taskforce to develop thinking and policy on cryptoassets. ”  Accordingly, the Taskforce will look toward already-existing research and analysis by the UK government and regulators.  The high-profile working group will also notably be open to “new views” from academics, consumer groups, trade bodies and individuals invested in the sector.  “The technologies that underpin cryptoassets have the potential to deliver benefits both to the financial system and to the economy it serves,” Bank of England deputy governor Dave Ramsden said, putting the spotlight on blockchain technology.  The central bank official added:  “This taskforce will enable us to work closely with the Treasury and the FCA to explore how the opportunities posed by these technologies can be realised, while also tackling the risks arising from cryptoassets. ”  The Taskforce is scheduled to host a more comprehensive roundtable to discuss cryptocurrencies and its underlying technology in July ahead of its report to be published in Q3 2018.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day! Twitter  Today, May 22, marks the eighth annual Bitcoin Pizza Day, commemorating an important milestone in the journey to mainstream bitcoin adoption.  On this day in 2010, Florida-based programmer and early cryptocurrency enthusiast Laszlo Hanyecz  enshrined his name in bitcoin lore  by paying someone 10,000 bitcoins to order him two pizzas from his local Papa John’s restaurant. The purchase is believed to have been the first time that bitcoin was used in a real-world transaction. Today, those coins are worth nearly $82 million.  Source: BitcoinTalk  “It wasn ’t like bitcoins had any value back then, so the idea of trading them for a pizza was incredibly cool, ” Hanyecz famously said in a  2013 interview  with The New York Times.  “No one knew it was going to get so big. ”  Hanyecz later christened the nascent Lightning Network (LN) with a  similar purchase , though it cost him just 0.00649 BTC (~$53) this time around.  If you’re lucky, you can commemorate Bitcoin Pizza Day at a restaurant that accepts bitcoin directly ( CoinMap  curates a non-exhaustive list). Don’t worry, the going rate is no longer 10,000 BTC.   Check it out  #BitcoinPizzaDay  done right! 🍕😃🍺 Well done all for organizing!  @BlockBoxx   @BlockchainAUS   @BitCar_io   #pizzaday   #bitcoin   #allthefoods   pic.twitter.com/2d3MaMbju4  — Miss Sheree (@missdiorsheree)  May 22, 2018   If not, you can use your BTC to purchase a gift card to your favorite pizza restaurant. Gyft and eGifter are two popular gift card providers that accept bitcoin  — and the latter is currently running a sale on Dominos gift cards.  It was still a bit early for pizza in the Western Hemisphere at the time of writing, but cryptocurrency users on the other half of the globe have already shared pictures of their celebratory slices across social media.  Cryptocurrency trading platform and brokerage firm eToro sent a “literal bitcoin pizza” to the offices of financial publication Business Insider UK.   It’s  #BitcoinPizzaDay  so  @eToro  sent us some literal bitcoin pizza  pic.twitter.com/SDaMNYiBJZ  — Oscar Williams-Grut (@OscarWGrut)  May 22, 2018   Satoshi Labs, meanwhile, celebrated with a pineapple-and-jalapeno topped pie  — a recipe it  dubiously described  as Satoshi’s true vision.  Cryptocurrency hardware wallet manufacture Ledger even released a special  “pizza day” edition  of its classic Nano S wallet, which is limited to 1,337 units.  Much has changed over the past eight years. The bitcoin community has exploded in size  — and experienced contentious debates about the future of the protocol, not to mention the wider ecosystem. But while arguments over blocksize, ASIC mining, and initial coin offerings may frequently divide us, Bitcoin Pizza Day provides us with an opportunity to focus on what unites us  — a passion for cryptocurrency and a love of good pizza.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Circle Takes Aim at Crypto Index Funds with Market Cap-Weighted Investing Twitter  Cryptocurrency brokerage service Circle Invest is taking aim at crypto index funds with its new “Buy the Market” feature, which allows retail investors to purchase market cap-weighted positions in the assets listed on the platform.  The feature, added to the  investing app  in its latest update, gives investors the option to decide how much they want to invest and then automatically distribute it across the cryptocurrencies supported by the platform according to each coin’s circulating market cap.  At present, Circle Invest supports bitcoin (BTC), ether (ETH), bitcoin cash (BCH), litecoin (LTC), ethereum classic (ETC), monero (XMR), and zcash (ZEC), and more will likely be added in the future.  Source: Circle  There are no extra fees for the service, which Circle clearly intends to market as a low-cost alternative to the growing number of cryptocurrency index funds that provide investors with a similar product, albeit with more functionality and a more familiar wrapper.  Several firms  — including Grayscale, Coinbase, and Bitwise Asset Management  — have launched  cryptocurrency index funds  in recent months to provide investors who want to bet on the ecosystem as a whole rather than individual assets with the ability to gain exposure to a variety of large-cap coins.  However, these funds are currently restricted to accredited investors, require buyers to make large initial contributions, and charge management fees as high as three percent per annum.  So while Circle Invest’s feature may not be as robust as a full-scale crypto index fund (it will not rebalance one’s portfolio on a regular basis, for instance) it does provide retail investors with the ability to easily open a market cap-weighted position in a significant slice of the cryptocurrency ecosystem at a very low cost.  As CCN  reported , Circle recently raised $110 million in a Series E funding round led by industry giant Bitmain, assigning the Goldman Sachs-backed firm a $3 billion valuation.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   A Giant Grows Larger: Coinbase Has Nearly as Many Customers as Fidelity Investments Twitter  As a not-so-typical startup in the Valley, Coinbase is exploding with customer growth. The exchange now manages over 20 million customer accounts, which is nearly as many as Fidelity Investments and twice as many as Charles Schwab, according to a  report  by the Washington Post.  Also, in much the same manner that has spanned the history of traditional asset managers, Coinbase is spanning the entire vertical of investor types, from average retail customers to large hedge funds. As evidenced in a CCN  report  last week, Coinbase announced the launch of several software and custodial tools for institutional investors like hedge funds.  Principled Growth under Brian Armstrong  Much of Coinbase ’s growth comes from steady leadership principles that CEO Brian Armstrong has put in place. He has been candid on his blog about the struggles he has faced running the company, with a recent post on hiring.  “Focusing on people is arguably the highest leverage activity to spend time on as CEO, since great people build great products, which leads to great profits (in that order), ” he  writes.  And since software is at the core of Coinbase ’s business, Armstrong has principles for technology that are paying off. While other startups heed the principle of  “ship fast, break things, ” which has lately haunted Facebook, Coinbase believes in building software that performs key tasks with stability and scale.  Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong | Source:  Flickr/ TechCrunch  The spike in cryptocurrency interest in late 2017, and thus the  surging account registrations  and transaction volume, put these principles to the test with strains on Coinbase ’s infrastructure.  Armstrong  highlighted  the recent work of Tina Bhatnagar, VP of Operations and Technology, for taking action to support increased demand. A May 18 blog  update  outlines the work put in place over the past 90 days:  Increased our support team by over 150% Decreased our average time to first response to  < 10 hours for 95%   of incoming volume today Because of these measures, we are able to resolve issues faster and have decreased the backlog by 95%  To cement Armstrong ’s efforts for hiring and retaining good employees, Coinbase made the  list  of the Bay Area ’s top places to work.  Despite criticism for being slow to list new coins and tokens, difficulties keeping the platform online during periods of market volatility, and  allegations  of insider trading with the launch of bitcoin cash on the platform, Armstrong hasn ’t shunned the responsibilities of correcting the course.  The company ’s success also comes from tackling the complexity of US trading and banking regulations. As CCN  reported  last week, Coinbase is rumored to be in talks with regulators to apply for a banking license. The end result Coinbase may seek is a national banking charter, which would preempt state-level financial regulations.  The product of the company ’s efforts is that Coinbase has firmed up the legitimacy of not just itself but also the blockchain industry as a whole.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   ‘Operation Crypto Sweep ’: US and Canada Investigate 70 Cryptocurrency, ICO Scams Twitter  U.S. and Canadian regulators have opened about 70 investigations into cryptocurrency scams and fraudulent initial coin offerings as part of a wide-ranging, coordinated crackdown called  “Operation Crypto Sweep. ”  The North American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA) said it has sent cease-and-desist letters to operators of what they believe are sham crypto companies in more than 40 jurisdictions across the United States and Canada.  ‘Tip of the Iceberg ’  “The actions announced today are just the tip of the iceberg,” NASAA president Joseph P. Borg remarked in a May 21  statement .  Since May 1, Operation Crypto Sweep has resulted in 35 enforcement actions and the opening of nearly 70 investigations or inquiries. The NASAA task force, which was formed in April 2018, also found 30,000 cryptocurrency-related domain name registrations, many of which warrant investigation.  Borg said one of the top goals of Operation Crypto Sweep is to raise public awareness of the con artists preying on consumers in the unregulated cryptocurrency market.  “Crypto-criminals need to know that state and provincial securities regulators are taking swift and effective action to protect investors from their schemes and scams, ” he said.  Borg also underscored that many digital currency investments are legitimate, but consumers should exercise due diligence before investing their money.  “Not every ICO or cryptocurrency-related investment is fraudulent, but we urge investors to approach any initial coin offering or cryptocurrency-related investment product with extreme caution,” he said.  Report: 81% Of ICOs Are Scams  Operation Crypto Sweep comes shortly after a finding that fraud is  alarmingly widespread  among crypto investment promoters, according to a report by the Texas State Securities Board. Texas leads the United States in cryptocurrency crackdowns.  Similarly, research from ICO advisory company the  Satis Group  showed that a whopping 81 percent of ICOs launched since 2017 were scams. Regulatory scrutiny is heating up around the world at the same time that bitcoin and the cryptocurrency industry are gaining mainstream traction.  As CCN has reported, securities attorneys have  also warned celebrities  who endorse initial coin offerings that they could be sued for aiding and abetting fraud if they promote sham ICOs.  Winklevoss Twins: Regulation Is Bullish for Bitcoin  While some bitcoin evangelists decry what they believe is unnecessary regulatory scrutiny, many crypto enthusiasts welcome the crackdowns on scam artists, who sully the reputation of the entire industry.  Bitcoin bulls like the Winklevoss twins, Cameron and Tyler, say more regulation is actually good for the virtual currency market.  Winklevoss twins: More regulation is good for bitcoin and crypto. (YouTube)  “These technologies can’t flourish and grow without thoughtful regulation that connects them to finance, ” Tyler Winklevoss, CEO of Gemini Exchange, told  Bloomberg .  “As long as jurisdictions strike the right balance, we think that it ’s going to be a huge boon and win for cryptocurrencies. ”  Winklevoss added:  “It’s not a coincidence that the price of bitcoin and ether keeps going up with more regulated offerings like Gemini, more regulated offerings like the bitcoin futures contract trading on the Cboe. The more these things happen, the better it ’s going to be for cryptocurrencies. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Big Investors Not Scared by Bitcoin Price Drop, Cryptocurrency Inevitably Replaces Fiat Twitter  Avi Salzman, a senior editor for Barron’s magazine, released a report this week featuring big money investors and executives from the rapidly growing cryptocurrency sector who generally believe, despite the recent bitcoin price drop, cryptocurrency will inevitably replace fiat.  Inevitable Outcome  Over the past five months, the valuation of the cryptocurrency market has dropped by more than 55 percent, from $829 billion to $372 billion. In January, at its peak, the valuation of the cryptocurrency market nearly reached a trillion dollars as blockchain projects still in their infancy and testnets such as Tron and EOS surpassed $17 billion.  Since then, the price of most cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, EOS, and Ripple have more than halved. Naturally, as the valuation of the cryptocurrency market fell by large margins, an increasing number of investors have started to lose interest in the market and confidence in the short-term rally of both major and emerging cryptocurrencies. But, regardles s of the massive correction, big investors are still extremely optimistic and bullish.  Many analysts expect that the bitcoin price will experience long-term growth as Wall Street investors grow more comfortable with the asset class.  Earlier this month, CNBC Fast Money contributor and BKCM founder Brian Kelly emphasized that he was shocked the market did not react to the entrance of the  New York Stock Exchange  (NYSE) and  JPMorgan  into the cryptocurrency market. If the two major institutions had entered the market in January, when the cryptocurrency market was at an all-time high, it likely would have pushed the cryptocurrency market beyond the $1 trillion mark.  More institutional investors, retail traders, financial institutions, banks, stock markets, and governments are involved in the cryptocurrency sector than ever and the market is nearly at a yearly low. While most individual investors and newcomers see a sell-off period in a highly volatile time frame like this, large-scale investors see an accumulation period and an opportunity.  Erik Voorhees, the CEO at ShapeShift,  stated:   “I’m all for financial companies getting involved in crypto. Crypto as a monetary unit is transparent and legitimate because it’s market-based, as opposed to what they do now, which is handling fiat, which is not transparent and not market-based.”   According to Salzman, Voorhees emphasized that it is inevitable cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ether will replace fiat currencies like the US dollar in the future. Voorhees also noted that he does not believe financial companies will attempt to sidetrack the effort as ultimately, businesses chase money. “That’s the point. t’s pulling them in,” Voorhees added.  Future  In the short-term, the bitcoin price could dip below the $8,000 mark, potentially into the lower end of $7,000. It also could demonstrate a sudden increase in momentum and bounce back to the $9,000 region and eventually to $10,000.  No investor or analyst could predict where the price of bitcoin goes in the short-term with absolute certainty. But, big investors are convinced cryptocurrencies are here to stay and will compete with traditional currencies and assets such as the US dollar and gold, and that is what really matters.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Federal Reserve ’s Kashkari Rips Cryptocurrency Market:  ‘It Has Become a Farce ’ Twitter  Neel Kashkari, the president of the Minneapolis Federal Reserve, slammed the cryptocurrency industry, saying it has become a  “farce ” due to unregulated chaos and escalating fraud.  Kashkari made the biting remarks at Bay College in Escanaba, Michigan, on May 21, where he expressed dismay at the  proliferation of scams  in the nascent crypto ecosystem.  “It ’s a clever idea that some people came up with, but now it ’s being taken to ridiculous extremes, ” Kashkari said (see video, starting at 54:30).  “The barrier to entry to creating a new cryptocurrency is zero. ”  He added:  “If you can dupe enough people to buy it, you can pretend that you ’ve launched something. And you can say,  ‘Look, I ’m a billionaire because I sold you one. And I own the other 999 million of them, so that means I ’m a billionaire! So it has become a farce …I ’m seeing more noise and more fraud than I ’m seeing anything useful. ”  A Crypto Survival of the Fittest  Kashkari ’s skepticism doesn ’t mean he has no faith in the future of bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies, but moreso that he believes many will drop off through a natural thinning of the herd, as it were.  “Does that mean it ’s always going to be a farce? No, ” Kashkari said.  “There will probably be a shakeout, and maybe a handful of these things will end up surviving. ”   This is not the first time that Kashkari has trashed the crypto market. In January 2018, he dismissed bitcoin, saying the largest cryptocurrency by market cap  poses no threat  to fiat money because it lacks credibility.  “I don’t see bitcoin as a credible competitor to the dollar in the United States of America, and the reason is the barrier of entry to you creating your own coin and me creating my own virtual currency is zero, ” he reasoned.  Blockchain, Not Bitcoin  Kashkari is part of the  “ blockchain, not bitcoin ” movement of crypto skeptics who see little value in digital currencies but acknowledge the game-changing potential of blockchain, as CCN has reported.  “Blockchain and the underlying technology is probably more interesting and has more potential than maybe bitcoin does by itself, ” Kashkari said in May 2017.  Kashari echoed the sentiments of John Williams, the president the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Williams says cryptocurrencies cannot replace the U.S. dollar because they  fail the basic test  of what a currency should be.  “Cryptocurrency doesn’t pass the basic test of what a currency should be,” Williams said in April 2018. “[Currency is] basically something with a store of value [and bitcoin is not that].”  The harsh anti-crypto stances of the New York Fed ’s John Williams and the Minneapolis Fed ’s Neel Kashkari differ somewhat from their boss, U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell, who urged caution but is not an avowed crypto skeptic, as CCN has reported.  Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell. (YouTube)  “[I have] nothing against bitcoin,”  Powell said  in November 2017. “We generally look at some of the risks of cryptocurrencies associated with money-laundering and those sorts of issues, but we’re not broadly opposed or supportive of alternative currencies.”  Powell, who ’s also of the  “blockchain, not bitcoin ” mentality, doesn ’t believe the crypto market is big enough to pose a threat to the economy. “They don’t really matter today. They’re just not big enough, ” he said.  Meanwhile, here ’s a look back at some other tech predictions that blew up in skeptics ’ faces over the years:  1876:  “The telephone has too many shortcomings to be seriously considered a means of communication. ” — William Orton, president of Western Union. 1995:  “I predict the internet will soon go spectacularly supernova and in 1996, will catastrophically collapse. ” — Robert Metcalfe, founder of 3Com. 2007: “There’s no chance that the iPhone is going to get any significant market share.” — Steve Ballmer, Microsoft CEO.  Featured image from Flickr/ propublica .  
DECREASE	   Privacy Coin Verge Succumbs to 51% Attack [Again] Twitter  Privacy-centric cryptocurrency Verge (XVG) appears to have succumbed to a 51 percent attack for the second time since the beginning of April.  According to data published on  BitcoinTalk  by forum user ocminer  — operator of altcoin mining pool Suprnova  — an attacker appears to have successfully forked the Verge blockchain through a 51 percent attack. To accomplish this, the attacker manipulated a bug in the Verge code that allows malicious miners to set false timestamps on blocks and then rapidly mine new ones in quick succession.   $XVG   @vergecurrency  is once again under attack, someone is 51% 'ing the chain and invalidating all legit blocks. All pools and miners suffer from this, the attacker is getting all blocks currently.  — supr nova 
DECREASE	   Boston Stock Exchange Partners tZero to Launch Regulated Security Token Exchange Twitter  The operator of the Boston Stock Exchange has announced a partnership with Overstock subsidiary tZero to launch the world’s first regulated security token exchange.  The joint venture, unveiled on Tuesday, will see  tZero  and Boston Stock Exchange company BOX Digital Markets develop a regulated venue that facilitates the trading of blockchain tokens that are classified as securities under federal regulations.  The platform, which is as yet unnamed, could provide companies with the ability to hold  initial coin offerings  (ICOs) with less risk of running afoul of federal securities laws. It could also pave the way for public firms to tokenize their company stock and issue shares on a blockchain.  Lisa Fall, CEO of BOX Digital and president of BOX Options Exchange, will head the operations of the new platform.  She said:  “tZERO’s track record and accomplishments in this innovative area, coupled with BOX’s expertise in operating a highly efficient and transparent equity options marketplace, made partnering together an easy decision and we look forward to building a world-class platform for listing and trading security tokens.”  Saum Noursalehi, who recently assumed the chief executive post at tZero after Overstock’s Patrick Byrne stepped back from that role, said that the initiative is a “significant milestone” for the integration of blockchain markets into traditional finance.  “Our partnership with BOX Digital Markets is a significant milestone that will create the first SEC-regulated exchange designed to efficiently trade crypto securities. Lisa Fall’s leadership, reputation and deep experience in the regulated securities exchange industry will be a major asset in achieving this objective. ”  “Together, we will continue to work with the SEC as we develop a first-of-its-kind platform that will integrate blockchain capital markets into the current U.S. National Market System, ” he added.  BOX Digital will operate the security token exchange, while tZero will contribute cash to the venture and license its  proprietary blockchain technology  to the platform.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   1000 Bitcoins Seized in Landmark Israeli Money Laundering Case Twitter  The cybercrime division of the State Attorney ’s office of Hebron, Israel indicted local resident Hilmi Git on Monday for allegedly using over 800 Israeli credit cards to carry out 20,000 fraudulent transactions and laundering the money using bitcoin.  The indictment, filed in the Tel Aviv district courts, alleges that the transactions they claim Git made amount to over $280,000 and that he laundered over $8 million over the course of ten years. The $8 million dollars was stored in the form of bitcoin, and the state seized at least 1,071 BTC  — funds that will be confiscated pending conviction.  Git ’s alleged operation spanned 10 years and many different forums and websites which the State Prosecutor claims he set up to launder money, facilitate credit card fraud through a wide network of criminals, instruct others how to remotely access computers to rob funds, and defraud unwitting visitors to his sites.  Through one scam he apparently pretended to sell cheap mobile phones but would block users from the website after receiving payment and cut off contact with them. He would then take over the user ’s profile and post messages in their name seeming to confirm receipt of their goods, luring in more victims.  TEL AVIV, ISRAEL  – 2017 DECEMBER 10 : The first Bitcoin Bank Change Shop in the main street of the center of the city of Tel Aviv  Even more serious was the credit card fraud operation through which Git allegedly offered free and premium memberships to clients buying access to credit cards from Git to commit fraud. The report also claims that he published guides on his site instructing users on how to hack and rob people online as well as offering tools enabling them to do so. Local media outlet  Calcalist  reports that Git ’s indictment contained a quote from him saying:  “We are thieves. Anywhere we can take money, we’ll take it, whether it’s from Israel, the US, or even the moon.”  The state will file to continue holding Git in custody to prevent him from regaining control of his online crime empire, stating that internet access will  “enable him to continue carrying out the criminal enterprise he established over the past decade,” saying Git will “not hesitate to commit fraudulent offenses against innocent victims.”  The wallet seizure marks the first time in Israeli history that bitcoin funds have been seized by police, and upon conviction a legal precedent may be set for the state confiscation of cryptocurrency assets.  Other countries have already handled illicit bitcoins in the same way, with the  US government  seizing 512 BTC and 512 BCH in January from a drug dealer on the dark web and auctioning off the currency and other assets. A similar incident took place in  Finland  in February where 2000 bitcoins were seized from an alleged drug dealer.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin, Ethereum Prices Drop 3% in Sluggish Crypto Market: Factors and Trends Twitter  Over the past 24 hours, the valuation of the cryptocurrency market has dropped from $390 to $373 billion, by more than $17 billion. The bitcoin price dipped below $8,300 and the value of Ether, the native cryptocurrency of the Ethereum network, dropped to $690.  Main Factors Behind the Cryptocurrency Market Slump  The recent correction of the cryptocurrency market and the short-term decline in the price of bitcoin, Ethereum, and other major cryptocurrencies and tokens can be mainly attributed to three major factors: Bitfinex taxation policy, scandal of South Korea’s two largest cryptocurrency exchanges UPbit and Bithumb, and the initial sell-off of the Mt. Gox trustee’s bitcoin funds.  As CCN reported on May 17, Bitfinex requested a portion of its users to forfeit their tax IDs and social security numbers. Bitfinex is a company that is headquartered in the British Virgin Islands, with another office in Taiwan. BVI does not have a taxation policy for cryptocurrency investors and its favorable regulation attracted many of the biggest businesses in the cryptocur rency sector such as Bitfinex and large-scale initial coin offerings (ICOs).  However, the pressure from major economies and governments like the US could have a negative impact on the British Virgin Islands if the US decides to directly engage with the government of BVI to crackdown on US-based investors using Bitfinex to buy and sell cryptocurrencies to avoid taxes.  The Bitfinex team  said last week:  “The government of the BVI may then exchange information with the tax authorities of the customer’s country of residence, consistent with the British Virgin Islands law, the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FACTA), and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development Common Reporting Standard (CRS).”  Major cryptocurrency trading groups including Whalepool publicly stated that it will stop using Bitfinex until its taxation policy changes and encouraged others to do the same.     The sell-off by large-scale investors on Bitfinex, which still remains as the biggest bitcoin-to-USD exchange, was one of the major factors that contributed to the slump of the cryptocurrency market throughout the past week.  The South Korean cryptocurrency market has only started to recover from the UPbit and Bithumb scandal as of recent, upon the release of the official audit report of leading accounting firm Yoojin that confirmed the funds of UPbit identically matched its balance sheet.  The cryptocurrency market will likely recover from the Bitfinex situation relatively soon and it is a matter of time before the large-scale investors that have withdrawn from Bitfinex utilize other exchanges and over-the-counter markets to re-enter.  If investors in the South Korean cryptocurrency market regain trust in local exchanges and the global market recovers from the Bitfinex case, it is highly likely that the cryptocurrency market rallies and regains momentum.  Short-Term  In the short-term, it remains uncertain whether the bitcoin price manages to stay above the $8,200 resistance level and refrains another drop below the $7,000 region or records a corrective rally back to the $8,800 to re-enter the $9,000 region. Either results are possible, based on the movement of the bitcoin price and its volume in the upcoming days.  Click  here  for a real-time bitcoin price chart and  here  for ethereum prices.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Crypto Investment Manager Touts 3 Catalysts for Bitcoin Cash Bull Run Twitter  Cryptocurrency portfolio manager Brian Kelly has been touting Bitcoin Cash for weeks, and now he ’s doubling down on his bullish call. Bitcoin Cash outperformed other leading digital currencies, the latter of which have taken it on the chin in recent weeks.  The Bitcoin Cash price advanced 6% over the last month compared to declines of 5%, 9% and 11% for bitcoin, Litecoin and Ripple, respectively. Kelly  on CNBC  made the case for Bitcoin Cash.  Kelly, the founder of investment firm BKCM, believes that Bitcoin Cash has more room to run, and he ’s outlined the catalysts for the bullish outlook.  “Proposed development fund ” “Could give cryptocurrency more use cases ” “Highlights centralization of miners ”  To take each of the catalysts in more detail, miners of Bitcoin Cash in recent days announced a new development fund that will be comprised of a percentage of the bounty they receive from creating new coins. The funds in the new portfolio will be directed toward the development of new technology  “on top of Bitcoin Cash, ” Kelly explained, adding that it ’s akin to an App Store for the blockchain.  “That potentially could give value to Bitcoin Cash, ” said Kelly, adding that it ’s not the only blockchain project doing something like this.  The development fund leads to the second catalyst, which involves developers using the new blockchain technology to create more use cases for bitcoin cash.  “To the extent that usefulness translates into value, that could be a positive for Bitcoin Cash, ” he said.  Next, the development fund reflects  “centralization of the miners, ” which Kelly admits bucks the trend for cryptocurrencies. Ultimately, this could prove to be a negative but for now, the mission behind the development fund appears to be a good one.  As for the market, Kelly points to an uptrend in BCH that ’s strengthened by the fact that it has been able to hold support. The technicals for BCH coupled with the catalysts he outlined led to his bullish call:  “For me, that ’s a place that I want to buy, ” he said.  Source: CNBC     Not So Fast?  CNBC ’s Fast Money took some tweets from viewers, one of which asked Kelly if he was actually early bitcoin backer Roger Ver. Ver, who is also known as  “Bitcoin Jesus ”, is a proponent of Bitcoin Cash over bitcoin core.  CNBC said they get a number of tweets basically accusing the business network of performing pump-and-dump schemes. One such accusation come from a Twitter user by Samson Mow, who Mow said Kelly has since blocked  –   Collecting some gems for  @SEC_Enforcement   @SEC_News  to take a closer look at  @CNBCFastMoney   @CNBC  pumping and dumping altcoins on their viewers. Enough is enough. If you have more tweets, post below and I’ll add them to the Moment. ⚖️  https://t.co/i42MeDK91P  — Samson Mow (@Excellion)  May 22, 2018   Meanwhile, CNBC host Melissa Lee responded on the air broadly to any accusations, saying:  “That is absolutely not the case. We do not take any payments to promote anything on this show. Nothing. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Debunking $5 Trillion Vanguard ’s Illogical Arguements of Bitcoin Price Going to Zero Twitter  Following the footsteps of Tim Buckley,  the CEO at Vanguard, an investment firm that oversees $5.1 trillion in assets, the company’s chief economist Joe Davis stated that he sees the price of bitcoin  dropping to zero  in the long-term.  Argument 1: No Viable Use Case  The core argument Davis offered on his ETF.com opinion piece to support his theory that the price of bitcoin drops to zero in the long-term is the lack of a viable use case of bitcoin. Davis resorted to the conventional “blockchain not bitcoin” argument, claiming that the most dominant cryptocurrency has no use case.  “I’m enthusiastic about the blockchain technology that makes bitcoin possible. In fact, Vanguard is using such technology. As for bitcoin the currency? I see a decent probability that its price goes to zero,” said Davis.  Bitcoin has many use cases. Xapo, the Swiss-based cryptocurrency wallet and vault service provider, stores more than  $10 billion worth  of bitcoin  in its cold wallets managed offline in safe Swiss vaults. According to Bloomberg, more customers have stored bitcoin in Xapo’s vault than 5,670 banks in the US.   The primary use case of bitcoin, due to its fungibility, transportability, security, and decentralized nature, is an efficient store of value. It protects and stores wealth better than traditional assets and stores of value, such as gold.   Hence, the claim of Davis that bitcoin does not have a use case is evidently invalid, given that it is already being used as a store of value and has been used as a digital currency since its launch in 2009.  Argument 2: No Cash Flows and no Fundamental Value  Major cryptocurrencies and blockchain protocols like Ethereum are worth many billions of dollars. However, Davis claimed that unlike stocks and bonds, blockchain protocols do not issue interest payments or dividends for investors and as such, their value cannot be justified. He added that the underlying economic activity of countries can justify traditional assets like fiat cur rency. Davis said:  “The investment case for cryptocurrencies is weak. Unlike stocks and bonds, currencies generate no cash flows such as interest payments or dividends that can explain their prices. National currencies derive their prices from the underlying economic activity of the countries that issue them. Cryptocurrency prices, on the other hand, are generally not based on economic fundamenta ls. To date, their prices have depended more on speculation about their eventual adoption and use.”  The basis of the argument of Davis uses an assumption that every economy and government around the world can remain strong and solid. But, such an assumption is simply not realistic. Venezuela is a prime example of an economy that has turned into turmoil due to government corruption.  When the national currency of a country falls, there exists no other alternative except decentralized financial networks and autonomous systems. As the Venezuelan bolivar, the country’s national currency, lost all of its value because of hyperinflation, local residents and citizens turned towards bitcoin as the only form of sound money available to the country’s people.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bullish ETF Provider Liquidates Bitcoin Holdings, Citing Regulatory And Tax Issues Twitter  The ARK Innovation ETF (ARKK), one of the first exchange-traded funds to invest in  bitcoin , has divested much of its bitcoin holdings, citing regulatory and tax concerns, according to  CNBC .  Last year, ARKK won ETF.com ’s  “ETF Of The Year ” award for fulfilling its goal of providing access to disruptive technology. It won this award in no small part due to its bitcoin allocation, which ranged between 6% and 10%, according to FactSet. At one point, bitcoin topped the list of the fund’s holdings.  In December of 2017,  Catherine Wood , Ark Investment Management, CEO, said that  bitcoin was a bigger idea than Apple .  ARK’s fund could not directly own bitcoin, so it purchased shares in Grayscale Investment ’s  Bitcoin Investment Trust  (GBTC) in 2015, when bitcoin traded below $250.  The only ETF that matched ARKK’s access to bitcoin was another of the firm ’s products: the ARK Web x.0 ETF, an internet-focused fund.  Bitcoin Drove Returns  ARK pared its exposure to bitcoin as the cryptocurrency ’s value plunged from its December highs.  The funds’ bitcoin holdings drove the returns last year, as both funds gained more than 87% percent in 2017, while GBTC jumped 1,550%.  However, Ark began paring its bitcoin exposure across both funds earlier this year, as the cryptocurrency market entered a bearish cycle. ARKK now holds 0.5% in bitcoin while ARKW holds 0.6%. The reason behind the pullback, according to the company, was tax and regulatory concerns.  Bitcoin’s performance most likely was a big driver as well. The cryptocurrency, based on GBTC indicators, began falling in value later in 2017 after soaring in 2016 and early 2017. GBTC, meanwhile, has fallen 37% so far in 2018, losing more than 63% in five months from its mid-December high.  Both Ark funds are up about 15% year to date.  Ark might have profited from bitcoin earlier in the year and pared its allocation as bitcoin’s price fell. If GBTC’s performance had spurred the change in direction, a bitcoin rebound could revive its allocations in the Ark funds.  Also read:  Ark Investment CEO: bitcoin is bigger than Apple  ETF Access to Bitcoin Still Limited  The liquidation of Ark ’s bitcoin holdings makes it even more difficult for investors to gain exposure to the flagship cryptocurrency through traditional financial instruments.  Bitcoin ETFs, as CCN has  reported , are waiting on the sidelines since the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has not yet approved any of these widely-anticipated investment vehicles.  GBTC  — which trades over-the-counter (OTC)  — is the closest product to a bitcoin ETF. Unlike most companies that have applied for bitcoin ETFs, this fund holds bitcoin directly instead of through derivatives contracts. The fund ’s value to investors has been up for debate since its shares almost always trade at a premium over bitcoin’s net asset value.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Australia Plans Blockchain Prototype to Deliver Welfare Payments in 2019 Twitter  The Australian government’s digitization agency has revealed plans to explore the implementation of blockchain technology in delivering social security welfare payments to citizens.  Speaking at a conference in Sydney last week, Digital Transformation Agency (DTA) chief executive Randall Brugeaud underlined welfare payment delivery as an early use case for its blockchain implementation effort. The DTA was established in 2015, part of the government’s broad digitization agenda that tasks the agency to engage other government bodies and help them undergo digi tization.  In statements reported by  ZDNet , the official stated:  Our plan is to look for use cases across the Commonwealth with an initial focus on the welfare payment delivery system, then working with our digital service standard, we’ll conduct user research a view of having a prototype by the end of the next financial years.  There are significant advantages of delivering social security welfare to citizens over a blockchain including transparency, immutability and increased efficiency with automated payments. Specifically, the effort focuses on payments from Centrelink, part of the Department of Health Services (DHS) that ‘delivers a range of payments and services for people at times of major chang e,’ as  described  by the Australian government.  The initiative comes to light soon after the DTA was  allocated AU$700,000  by the Australian government as a part of its 2018-19 budget to specifically research blockchain applications in government services.  “The potential of blockchain to securely record transactions will be investigated, drawing on the experience of other public and private sector organizations,” Brugeaud added.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Difficult to Charge Cryptocurrency Exchange UPBit Since No Investors Affected: Expert Twitter  Experts in the cryptocurrency sector of South Korea have stated that it will be difficult for the government and local financial authorities to file charges against UPbit, South Korea’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange, given that no investors were affected.  Funds Real, No Investors Affected  Last week,  CCN reported  that UPbit was raided and investigated by local police, Korea Financial Intelligence Unit (KIU) and Financial Services Commission (FSC) due to suspicions of fraud. Local financial authorities accused UPbit of inflating its balance sheet and claiming to have more funds in various cryptocurrencies than their actual amount.  On May 15, various sources confirmed that an audit done by a major accounting firm in South Korea known as Yoojin found that the funds recorded on the balance sheet of UPbit exactly matched the actual holdings of the company and proved that the company is solvent.   “Since early 2018, UPbit created snapshots of its multi-signature wallets and funds stored within them for auditing purposes. Yoojin accounting firm, a major accounting firm based in Seoul, confirmed that all of the funds on the UPbit platform match the cryptocurrency holdings of UPbit stored in its multi-signature wallets,”  MoneyToday reported.  Source: Shutterstock  The issue is said to have been caused by the lack of wallets for dozens of cryptocurrencies. UPbit has more than 130 cryptocurrencies listed on its platform but only 90 cryptocurrencies have native wallets that allow users to withdraw and deposit directly from and to UPbit. In order to withdraw the other 40 cryptocurrencies, users are required to convert to major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ethereum.  Insiders have claimed that the police investigation has found no irregularities and due to the official audit report released by Yoojin, the cryptocurrency market of South Korea has already started to recover.  Earlier this week, on May 20, in an interview with Korea Herald, an insider stated that the authorities will not be able to bring any charges against UPbit because no investors were affected in any way.  “As no investors seem to have been affected by Upbit ’s alleged business practices, it would not be easy for the authorities to bring any charges to bear,”  said the source , who asked to remain anonymous due to the sensitivity of the issue.  The expert added that although the investigation has ultimately found no irregularities, it has significantly impacted the local cryptocurrency market in a negative way, leading investors to lost trust in the market.  “But a series of prosecution probes into the exchanges did effectively hurt the overall credibility of the industry,” the insider added.  Difficult to Regain Investor Trust  Oh Jeong-geun, a professor at Konkuk University, one of the most prestigious colleges in South Korea, stated that the investigation would cause investors to leave the cryptocurrency market permanently and to recover from it, both the exchanges and authorities will have to lead an initiative to convince investors that it is safe to invest in the market. Professor Oh said:  “Along with diversification efforts, priority should be put on ensuring the smooth operation of their trading systems in order to guarantee their growth potential. Lack of reliability would cause investors to leave the market forever.”  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Japan’s Biggest Bank to Carry Large-Scale Trial of Cryptocurrency ‘MUFG Coin’ Twitter  The banking arm of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group’s (MUFG), the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, is reportedly planning to trial its in-house cryptocurrency in 2019 following years of development.  As Japan’s largest bank, MUFG could become the world ’s first major financial institution to deploy its own cryptocurrency after a local report by Japanese publication  NHK  confirmed plans toward a sweeping trial involving as many as 100,000 MUFG retail bank customers.  Account holders will have to apply to take part in the trial which will enable participants to install a smartphone app which converts their fiat yen deposits in their bank accounts to units of ‘MUFG Coin’. The conversation rate of one unit MUFG coin will be equivalent to one yen.  ‘They will be able to use the currency to make payments at places like restaurants, convenience stores and other shops,’ an excerpt from the report read. ‘They can also transfer the currency to the accounts of other participants.’  Bank officials will assess whether settlements and peer-to-peer transfers through the app are secure and efficient at a scale of 100,000 users after conducting  successful in-house trials among employees  for over a year.  As  reported  previously, MUFG coins will also look to bring in users of existing prepaid electronic money platforms with low commission fees levied for any payments, including international remittances. Users will also be encouraged to exchange MUFG coins with foreign currencies at airports at markedly lower commission rates.  ‘If MUFG coin is used for overseas remittances, it is estimated that the commission will be cut to less than one-tenth of that of the current cost of several thousand yen per (international) transaction,” read an excerpt from a local report after the bank began issuing MUFG coins to employees on an experimental basis last year.  The bank is reportedly developing a two-way ATM machine to allow users to ‘withdraw’ MUFG coins onto their smartphone or exchange the cryptocurrency into yen.  One of the biggest banks in the world with over $2.6 trillion in assets, MUFG first announced plans to develop a cryptocurrency as early as 2015 before  publicly confirming  the blockchain-powered coin in early 2016.  At this stage, the launch and issuance of MUFG coins is  an inevitability , with MUFG president Nobuyuki Hirano previously stressing the in-house cryptocurrency would “overcome issues of [existing] virtual currencies” like volatility “[to] create a highly useful currency”.  Indeed, MUFG Coin could be sold and exchanged at MUFG’s  own rumored cryptocurrency exchange  sometime in the near future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Chinese Watchdog Identifies 421 Cryptocurrencies as Outright Scams Twitter  Of late, the digital assets space has without a doubt drawn extensive media coverage, with reports, for the most part, focused on two factors: the price rise of cryptocurrencies, and the scams involving cryptocurrencies. Notwithstanding, investors are fleeced to the tune of millions with the bait of high returns, or a fraudulent pyramid scheme camouflaged as a legitimate blockc hain-based cryptocurrency.  China Issues Cryptocurrency Scam Warning in Public Interest  In a bid to educate its citizens on common cryptocurrency scams, China’s financial cybercrime cell  – the National Internet Financial Risk Analysis Technology Platform (IFCERT)  – released a statement on May 18, 2018, detailing the space’s common scams and other misrepresented digital asset platform.   The IFCERT ’s also discovered a total of 421 digital currencies during investigations, all showing attributes of a fraudulent business model. However, the watchdog asserts that most of the platforms are hosted on overseas servers, making it difficult to track their exact location.  Overall, the fraud platforms were trifurcated into broad divisions.  Pyramid Scheme Cryptocurrencies   All attributes of a multi-level marketing (MLM) scheme mark the primary component of this kind of platform, as noted by the IFCERT. Furthermore, promoters of this scheme provide a bogus guarantee of significant yields and claim to offer handsome commissions to investors who can further bring in more investors.   As demonstrated below, the top-tier members make the most profits, with the incentives decreasing as one trickles down the pyramid. In terms of benefits, investors are offered both a   “dynamic (rewards in proportion to money invested) ” and  “static (fixed) ” incentives.     ( Source   –  IFCERT )  Fraudulent  ‘Hard Forks’   For this kind of digital currency scam, the IFCERT has noted an absence of  “genuine code, ” apart from the complete lack of a technical framework to successfully run a blockchain. However, promoters deceive naive investors, and promise guarantee returns on the guise of a  ‘hard fork ’, that would pump the coin ’s value, and “never fall.”   ( Source   –  IFCERT )   OTC-Only Platforms  As observed by IFCERT, the digital currencies issued by these platforms are incredibly phony, and not tradable on any cryptocurrency-exchange apart from their own.  These specific coins are allegedly controlled by institutional investors, who manipulate the digital asset’s price by purchasing large amounts in quick succession, thereby causing a  “pump, ” and deceiving investors who can mistake it as an actual store-of-value.  (Source  – IFCERT)  After all involved parties have “dumped” their tokens on unsuspecting investors, the latter finds out that withdrawing their money is either difficult or impossible.  The IFCERT states:   The fake virtual currency issued by this platform can only be traded on its website. The trading system is rough and its security is extremely poor.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Switzerland ’s  ‘Crypto Valley ’ Set To Test Blockchain Voting Twitter  Residents of the Swiss city,  Zug , will use the city’s eID system to vote using their smartphones this month as part of a blockchain based voting test, according to the  Swiss Broadcasting Corporation . From June 25 to July 1, residents will download an app to register to vote.  The city, home to what’s known as the “ Crypto Valley ” because of its numerous blockchain startups, established its eID system last November and already has close to 200 users. Zug already accepts cryptocurrencies to pay for some city services.  Voters To Address Several Issues  Voters will be asked if they believe digital identifications should be used for paying parking fees and to borrow library books. They will also be asked if the digital IDs should be used for future referendums.  The results of the votes will not be binding since the polling is only a test. The city is trying to determine if blockchain technology can be used on a wider scale.  The city  launched the eIDs last fall  to give digital access for council services on a test basis. The test gave users full control over their data.  The voting pilot will be Switzerland’s first electronic polling test. The government wants two-thirds of the country’s cantons to offer electronic voting by the end of next year.  Also read:  Zug citizens begin digital ID registration on an Ethereum blockchain  Digital ID Systems Expand  The Zug electronic ID system is not the only such system in Switzerland.  Another eID system in Canton Schaffhausen, launched with the assistance of Procivis, is not on a blockchain. This system, which will launch following a test that started in December, provides smartphone access to tax, road traffic, child protection and other departments. The access will also be granted to businesses.  Additionally, a national digital ID system called SwissSignwas launched last year by a private consortium consisting of banks, insurance companies, a stock exchange operator, Swiss Post, and Swiss Federal Railways.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   This Japanese Exchange Will Borrow Your Bitcoin for a Yearly Fee Twitter  In an apparent step to increase liquidity and attract users, Japanese cryptocurrency exchange Bitbank has announced a bitcoin burrowing program.  Have 1 BTC? Loan it out  As per a  report , the exchange shall allow account holders to lend a minimum of 1 bitcoin (BTC) to its Virtual Currency Lending service  – in return for a fixed, predetermined rate of interest.   Initially, the service shall be available only for BTC holders and is scheduled to include popular cryptocurrencies like ripple, ether, litecoin, and bitcoin cash in the coming months.   One of Japan’s 16 full-licensed cryptocurrency exchanges, Bitbank offers eight cryptocurrency trading pairs and is ranked 31st in the world in terms of total daily traded volume.  The move comes on the bank of GMO’s cryptocurrency burrowing program, which the Japanese digital asset exchange launched in April 2018, making Bitbank the second exchange in the bitcoin-crazed country to do so.   The Technicals  As stated, the program shall burrow a user’s bitcoin for a minimum of 12 months, and payout interest dividends in proportion to lent capital.   Not anyone can rent out their bitcoin thou, as the exchange will oversee a month of  “recruitment” for the program, conducting extensive personal and account checks upon interested users. After approval, the vetted traders would be allowed to lend their bitcoins in the subsequent month, i.e. a user who is approved in June 2018 shall be able to take part from July 2018, with a l ock-in until July 2019.  Interestingly, Bitbank is seemingly stringent with its 12-month lock-in period, as the notice specifies:  “The cryptocurrency remain locked during the entire loan period. So, the cryptocurrency cannot be sold or transferred. Only when the loan period is elapsed or returned by Bitbank, the customer will be able to sell or transfer the cryptocurrency.”  The Fine Print  Bitbank shall pay a “usage fee” to lenders for usage of their funds, and they aren’t in line with cryptocurrency’s famed return rates.   For amounts up to 5 BTC, the dividend is a paltry 3 percent, with only a percent increase for users lending more than 5 BTC, and a maximum of 5 percent in usage fees for amounts exceeding 10 BTC.  At the time of writing, it isn’t known if the fees shall be processed on each month or each year.   Notably, in case a lender decides to retract his funds  – for whatever strike of misfortune  – he stands to lose 5 percent, inclusive of related taxes.  Interestingly, the exchange’s rival GMO offers a much better deal for users with regards to a lock-in period  – offering a three-month minimum timeframe for users who lend their bitcoin, and a 150-day timeframe for other virtual currencies, such as ether, ripple, and litecoin.   
DECREASE	   China’s Largest State-Run Newspaper Calls for Cryptocurrency Regulation Twitter  There are indications that the Chinese government may be looking toward revisiting its controversial ban on cryptocurrency trading in favour of regulating the market.  A May 30, 2018  editorial  on Globaltimes.cn, a news website owned by People’s Daily – China’s official communist party newspaper with a global circulation of nearly three million – may be a sign that the government’s stance on crypto trading may be changing.  Since the People’s Bank of China imposed a ban on local and foreign cryptocurrency exchanges and ICO websites earlier this year, there have been contradictory signals about the future of cryptos in China. On the one hand, a  speech  by the Chinese central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan in March 2018 seemed to indicate the government sees digital assets as an unavoidable step in the evolution of money.  Conflicting Signals  He stated that the replacement of paper money and coins by digital assets was inevitable, and he further revealed that the PBOC was studying Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in order to help in issuing its own digital currency. On the other hand in that same month it was reported that the government crackdown on crypto trading went as far as  blocking  social media accounts linked to trading platforms.  With this editorial, however, comes the strongest indication that the Chinese government may be willing to relax its ban on cryptos and engage the market with its own regulations. Traditionally, editorials in the People’s Daily newspaper are not regarded as purely the independent thoughts of selected journalists, but as authoritative statements of policy by the Chinese governme nt either for the purpose of informing the public or to test public reaction.  Economic Rivalry  The editorial harps on the idea that in China’s increasingly innovation-driven economy, a blanket ban on a technology cannot be effective and may have the unintended consequence of handing over the technological leadership initiative to another country. The following quote from the article sums up the message being passed:  “…Fencing off bitcoin exchanges can ’t effectively end bitcoin trade, and fears of a bitcoin bubble could leave China behind in the digital currency revolution.”  This might not necessarily indicate that a total ease on restrictions is imminent. Defending China’s right to restrict trading cryptos because of their volatile trading tendencies, the editorial describes them as a potential threat to the stability of China’s financial system, and warns against a “rush” to adopt them.  Notwithstanding, it then uses the example of the increased involvement of American government bodies in the Bitcoin trading market to make the point that the proactive stance of the US may work better than reactive bans and restrictions in the long term.  Evoking China’s continued power tussle for economic supremacy with the US, the article concludes:  “[The] more proactive stance the US takes in regulating the cryptocurrency market…over time will contribute to digital currency sophistication in the world ’s largest economy. It ’s time for China to lay the regulatory groundwork for its rise as a future digital currency trendsetter.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Netflix  ‘Explained ’ Falsely Claims Bitcoin is Mostly Spent on Illegal Services Twitter  Jameson Lopp, a former lead engineer at BitGo and a prominent Bitcoin developer, has criticized Netflix, the $159 billion entertainment giant, for one of its “Explained” series focused on Bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market.  Wrong Arguments  In collaboration with Vox, a US-based media company that runs a popular YouTube channel that delves into difficult subjects and produces informative videos, Netflix created a series called “Explained” in early 2018 to offer unique insights into a variety of topics, ranging from Kpop to blockchain technology.  One of the most recent “Explained” episodes delved into Bitcoin and the structure of the cryptocurrency industry, with an attempt to evaluate blockchain technology and the use cases of Bitcoin as a widely-recognized and utilized currency.  While the episode did come across as a well-informed explanation of Bitcoin and the basics of the currency, Lopp emphasized that Vox and Netflix failed to provide accurate analysis of the technology behind Bitcoin and the current use case of the dominant cryptocurrency.  Lopp outlined  the following factual errors in the Netflix “Explained” episode on Bitcoin:  Most bitcoin is spent on illegal services. Byzantine Generals’ Problem is about being able to transact privately. Satoshi invented the blockchain. All cryptocurrencies use blockchains  The Byzantine Generals’ Problem, origin of the blockchain, and the applicability of the blockchain are relatively simple concepts that need to be explained properly to newcomers and beginner users, as they are considered as the fundamentals of Bitcoin and other major cryptocurrencies.  Technically, Lopp explained that Satoshi Nakamoto, the anonymous creator of Bitcoin, did not create the concept of the blockchain, which in essence is a timestamp technology that secures information through the application of cryptography.  “’Blockchain’ can be traced to 1991 when Stuart Haber and W. Scott Stornetta described the first work on a cryptographically secured chain of blocks. In 1992, they incorporated Merkle trees into the design allowing several documents to be collected into a block. Technically the paper refers to a chain of timestamps but the main point is that ‘blockchain’ is just a data structur e that has nothing to do with consensus mechanisms that may be built around such a data structure,” explained Lopp.  No, Bitcoin is Not Criminal Money  Apart from these technical errors, Vox and Netflix also incorrectly concluded that Bitcoin is mostly spent on illegal services, completely dismissing the fact that Bitcoin, by nature, is transparent and not anonymous. The non-anonymous nature of Bitcoin ultimately led many dark web marketplace operators and illicit content distributors to leak their identities to the authoritie s in both covert operations and public investigations.  Transactions on the Bitcoin network can be traced using blockchain explorers, and anyone on the Bitcoin network can view all transactions and wallets that exist on the Bitcoin network. The transparency of Bitcoin makes the cryptocurrency a poor transaction method to be used on dark web marketplaces.  Instead, criminals utilize anonymous cryptocurrencies like Monero, Zcash, and Dash, to store, receive, and send private transactions, as the Japanese government previously noted.  “It ’s a typical money laundering scheme. In a way, I ’m not surprised. If you are going to do something illegal, then everyone knows to use the  ‘three anonymous siblings,’” said a Japanese government official from the Financial Services Agency (FSA), referring to Monero, Zcash, and Dash.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Op-Ed: Do Blockchains Need a Native Currency? Twitter  Like most administrators in top banks and other financial institutions across the globe, the governor of the Bank of Spain, Luis María Linde lent his voice towards  the criticism of cryptocurrencies  despite showing support for the underlying technology, blockchain.  Linde believes that the risks associated with cryptocurrencies outweighs the benefits therein by a lot but believes that blockchain technology has the potential to improve efficiency and reduce operational cost.  He said:  “In my opinion, their current use (of cryptocurrencies) presents more risks than benefits: they have low acceptance as a means of payment, suffer extreme volatility, present multiple operational vulnerability and have been related to fraudulent and illicit activities in many cases. ”  Blockchain vs Cryptocurrency  Acknowledging the benefits that blockchain technology offers, especially in the areas of financial solutions, is an idea that is growing in popularity. Several top banks and financial institutions are already testing and implementing blockchain solutions. Recently, it was  reported on CCN  about the several blockchain patents acquired by the Bank of America, among other top companies.  Despite these acquisitions and implementations, these traditional institutions do not hesitate to criticize the associated elements that fuel the technology, cryptocurrencies. This resuscitates the question  – how far can blockchain go without cryptocurrencies?  This debate has continued over the years and across institutions and organizations. However, in order to determine how implementable any of these opinions are, depending on which side of the divide anyone belongs, there has to be a proper definition of what each entity represents.  Blockchain Variations  In its simplest form, blockchain is defined as a digital ledger in which transactions made in bitcoin or another cryptocurrency are recorded chronologically and publicly. A more general term that can be used to describe bitcoin and cryptocurrencies is “tokens. ” Hence, blockchains are fundamentally powered by underlying tokens that may eventually become cryptocurrencies depending on their liquidity and ability to be exchanged with other cryptocurrencies or fiat currencies.  Down the road, we have been confronted with organizations that insist on blockchains that are restricted in their own rights. These category of blockchains are referred to as private blockchains.  The main dissimilarity between a private and public blockchain relates to who can participate in the network, make transactions, maintain the ledger and see the records. Public blockchain networks are open to anyone and even have mechanisms meant to encourage more people to join the network, similar to bitcoin and other digital currencies. On the other hand, private blockchains  offer limited access to authorized members only.  A Matter of Control  Source: Shutterstock  Most cryptocurrency enthusiasts and propagators of public blockchains insist that main reason why traditional institutions remain critical of cryptocurrencies is because of the control that they cherish so much rather than for purposes of objective regulation. Even though the technology is still in its emerging stages, blockchain so far is generally perceived as a decentralized, democratic and self regulatory technology.  Considering the democratic nature of blockchains and noting the fact that the network sustenance involves individual computers that need to be motivated, cryptocurrencies remain relevant incentives and also the medium of transaction. For this reason, truly decentralized blockchains depend on cryptocurrencies to stay alive. Hence, running a private blockchain simply implies maintaining an enclosed network while deliberately neglecting any economic value that its tokens may offer. Give or take, someone must bear the cost of maintenance.  Apparently, when top executives like Linde express their criticism of cryptocurrencies, it can be interpreted as a show of concern towards how such elements of value can be regulated in the future  — not a denial of the existence of a functional value for blockchain tokens.  Disclaimer: The views expressed in the article are solely that of the author and do not represent those of, nor should they be attributed to CCN.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   1 in 3 Germans See Cryptocurrency as an Investment Opportunity: Bank Report Twitter  German retail bank Postbank has  reported  that according to a recent survey, 29% of Germans believe that cryptocurrency is a desirable investment opportunity.  The results from  Postbank Digital Study 2018  were announced after  3,100 German s were interviewed from the  en d of February to the  en d of March this year.  One in two of the younger generation, between the ages of 18 to 34, are interested in cryptocurrency investment. This accounts for 46% of the total surveyed individuals. Furthermore, 14% of these people want to buy or mine cryptocurrencies in the next year.  However, despite immense interest in the crypto sector, this demographic only makes up 8% of the total population.  Dr.    Thomas Mangel, Postbank Chief Digital Officer , said that youngsters shouldn ’t concentrate completely on cryptocurrencies since this  “ type of investm en t is highly speculative ”.  Apart from age, the study also focused on gender by observing three different factors. Firstly, 60% of women consider the  “ indep en d en ce of established financial systems ” more important than 51% of men. Secondly, higher returns from cryptocurrency investment attract 56% men as compared to 36% women. Lastly, 39% of men are in favor of the  anonymity  provided by digital currencies, while only 26% of women think it is important. Out of this group, one in five people state that they are simple thrilled to become a part of a new form of investment.  The survey was conducted at a time when bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies were experiencing a free fall. This is why the results in favor of these cryptocurrencies were a surprise to the bank. Mangel said that media is responsible for hyping this phenomenon, which in turn forces people to ignore the risks involved with buying these currencies. For instance, 20% of Germans beli eve that they are well informed in this topic by simply reading about it on social media. Additionally, 29% of 18-34 year olds think that they are crypto experts.  However, majority of people are unaware that bitcoin gains are  subject to taxation  in different countries.  “Due to the media hypes, many people overestimate their knowledge of the opportunities and risks of cryptocurr en cies as an investm en t, ” concluded Mangel.  In March, South Korea Financial Investors Protection Foundation also  published  results of a survey that showed that majority of 20-year-olds preferred investing in cryptocurrencies to conventional financial instruments such as stocks, CDs and bonds.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin ETF Coming Soon: Crypto Fund Manager  Twitter  John Hyland, the global head of exchange-traded products for  Bitwise  Asset Management, told  ETF.com  he believes the Securities and Exchange Commission could soon approve a  cryptocurrency  ETF.  Hyland, who played a key role in developing the first commodity and oil ETFs in his role as CIO at United States Commodity Funds, hopes to introduce some of the first crypto ETFs. Last year, Bitwise opened a private cryptocurrency fund.  SEC Concerns Addressed  Hyland thinks the SEC’s  concerns about a crypto ETF  have largely been addressed. Bitwise has kept its private fund’s crypto assets in a regulated custodian, a service the five large ETF custodial companies are considering offering.  An ETF does not hold the coins, he said, but swaps or futures on the coins. An ETF holding swaps or futures could be custodized by an ETF custodian that manages futures based currency or commodity ETFs.  Another SEC concern is enhanced regulated trades. Some of the big ETF shops are establishing cryptocurrency trading desks, he noted, meaning a cryptocurrency ETF could transact on platforms with a regulatory status similar to what they already do with equities.  The SEC’s concern about how crypto ETFs will perform in real life can be addressed by what is happening in Europe, he said, where four crypto ETFs, with $600 million in AUM, have existed on regulated exchanges since 2015.  SEC Will Act Soon  Hyland thinks the SEC will approve a crypto ETF in 2019 if doesn’t do so in the next couple of months. He doesn’t see action near the midterm election. He pegs the chance for action in 2018 at 20%, in 2019 at 60% and after 2019 at 20%.  Asked about physical versus futures  bitcoin  ETFs, Hyland said that because between $6 billion and $7 billion in bitcoin is traded daily while only $40 million to $50 million is traded in bitcoin futures daily, physical makes more sense. With physical bitcoin, it is not necessary to buy futures or deal with all the fees.  Regulators, he acknowledges, will find it easier to approve of a product connected to futures since bitcoin futures, currently traded on Chicago-based exchanges CME and CBOE, are regulated in the US. While he envisions regulators allowing futures-based products, he nevertheless sees owning the underlying assets as a better long-term prospect.  Also read:  Bitwise exec predicts trillion dollar crypto market cap this year  More Crypto ETFs To Follow  The introduction of the first ETF will likely lead to the creation of similar products for other cryptocurrencies.  Once the SEC approves the first crypto ETF, Hyland said more such products will come to market since there will be no grounds for not approving similar products. Those with similar products will be approved in a similar time frame.  Leveraged products could be different, he said, as the depth of the market becomes an issue and price volatility times leverage becomes even more of an issue.  Asked what types of crypto ETPs he will bring to the market, Hyland said he will offer diverse coin groupings by means of a passive index, similar to the company’s existing private fund. The company is currently examining products filed with the SEC and has found products that offer long and short positions, as opposed to his company’s point of distinction, a basket offering.  Hyland’s firm currently produces a market cap weighted index consisting of the top 10 cryptocurrencies. The company will provide additional indices based on attributes besides liquidity and size.  The company will also file for offerings outside the US, he said, noting that bitcoin ETPs exist in Europe. The first filing likely will be an index basket, but should the incremental cost be low for a single coin ETP, he might consider it.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Proves USD ’s Status as Reserve Currency Is Fragile: $250 Billion Asset Manager Twitter  The CEO of Lazard, Kenneth M. Jacobs, said that the unilateral approach of the United States towards foreign policies and trades posses a threat to the sustenance of the US dollar as the premier global reserve currency. This is a status that the greenback has upheld since overthrowing the British pounds sterling in 1945.  For the purpose of international trades and transactions, central banks across the world hold in reserve certain selection currencies. This action, in accordance to the Bretton Woods accord of 1944 permits these national banks to issue their own local currencies to their citizens in the form of IOUs and repurchase them with such reserve currencies.  Pressure on the US Dollar  Recent years have seen the rise of a number of other currencies from the growing economies of the world. The euro and the yen have risen in acceptance and competed with the US dollar as several nations now hold such in reserve. Even more recently, the rise of China as the largest creditor and exporter in the world influenced the pronouncement of the Chinese Yuan as a global res erve currency by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in 2015.  Even though the academic explanation for any nation’s currency to qualify as a reserve currency appears to be based on economic indices, other reasons such as international politics also play significant roles on this matter.  In 2017, the head of FX strategy at Saxo Bank, John Hardy identified three main geopolitical issues as sources of pressure on the US dollar that may affect its status as the world’s premier reserve currency. They include:  The ongoing rise of China as it assumes a more prominent role in global trade and financial markets, The North Korean regimes striving to maintain credibility and untouchability as a nuclear power and how this impacts China-U.S. relations, but also how Japan deals with this threat in terms of domestic as well as foreign policy, The loosening of the U.S.-Europe transatlantic alliance and how Europe and the EU finds its feet as a more independent superpower — or not — in its own right after the German elections.  Cryptocurrency and Emerging Technologies  The CEO of $250 billion asset manager Lazard believes that interest in cryptocurrencies is one signal that USD ’s status as a reserve currency is fragile.  Last Thursday on  Bloomberg , Jacobs noted that the amount of technology that exists in the world today with cryptocurrency further complicates the matter against the sustaining the reserve currency status of the US dollar in the future.  He said:  “To the extent that we have unilateral foreign policy and unilateral trade policy, we’re sort of tempting the world to find an alternative. Probably the greatest demonstration of soft power is the fact that the U.S. has the reserve currency of the world.”  Jacobs however noted that this may not be a case for the immediate future, but a development that should be kept in sight and within the realms of conscious imagination.  Still, “there’s enough technology out in the world today with cryptocurrency and changes going on that you can imagine, if you let your mind wander a little bit, that something becomes an alternative in the future,” he said.  Peradventure this comes to pass, it will surely represent a major disruption in the global monetary system as well as an international power redefinition. Hence, it is imminent that more attention be given to emerging technologies and cryptocurrency.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   The Envion ICO Scandal  – Both Sides of the Story Twitter  In January 2018 the Envion ICO entered the list of ten biggest ICOs and even crowdfunding campaigns in history, raising $100 million.  Aimed at disrupting and democratizing the cryptocurrency mining industry with state-of-the-art Mobile Mining Units and an expert team, the Swiss-run project seemed destined for great things,  reportedly  closing deals with IBM and the leader of Dubai.  Obviously, things have not gone according to plan. The team claim that the deals fell through, and the goals outlined to investors are nowhere close to being met, nor is it clear if they ever will be.  The company has now become embroiled in a massive scandal with the founders and CEO turning on each other, accusing each other of fraud. The company, which should have been paying dividends to investors by now, is deadlocked with investors crying out for their money back on social media.   Eligible investors are not able to request refunds. My eligibility was not proven and I have emailed you once a month for 6 months and you will not refund! Refund now!  — Nicholas (@ExstedNicholas)  June 1, 2018   The CEO  CEO Matthias Woestmann, a man who financed one of the biggest solar energy operations in Germany, claims that the founders fraudulently created over 40 million additional tokens to enrich themselves without the knowledge of the board, while the founders claim that Woestmann illegally took over the company and refused to burn tokens that were in his possession.  Two days later Woestmann released a video, now saying that 20 million tokens, not 40, were illegally generated. Asked about the apparent contradiction in token amount, Woestmann toldffCCN:  “There is no contradiction: 41m Tokens have been created without the knowledge and permission of the board. 24m of them are totally illegal because they are not covered by the prospectus.  And I general i would say that the German judicial system will bring light into the suspected large-scale fraud. ”  In his video statement below, Woestmann went on to tell investors that a new token is being created to nullify the value of the old tokens and pay out investors the dividends that they are owed when operations begin. He explains his two-month silence on the scandal by saying  “I could not go to the public with these problems without having a solution. ”  He states that the financial regulator of Switzerland has been informed of his version of events and that a criminal complaint has been filed in Germany.  “We will replace the old Envion token by a new token that carries the full payout rights for you, ” he stated.  He also added that he only had $50 million of the raised funds available, claiming the founders lied about the amount of money raised. On the issue of operations, Woestmann said:  “Mass production hasn ’t started yet. ”  The Founders  Michael Luckow is leading the founders, and have a very different story to tell. The founders ’ names and credentials have been removed from the  Team  page on the Envion website, but they ’ve  launched their own site  to reach out to their investors directly through a series of blog posts and video updates.  They level a number of complaints against Woestmann, addressing the sudden change in Woestmann ’s story regarding the 20 million token difference in his two statements.   “In the wake of his legal troubles, Mr. Woestmann has reinterpreted the ICO prospectus, its guiding legal document, to exclude tokens sold to pre-sale investors from the greater pool of sale tokens. ”   The founders say he cut contact with them and then informed them in a meeting that he was taking full control of the company, an action that they refer to as the  world ’s first  ‘analogue hacking ’ of an ICO  wherein funds were illegally hijacked without breaking into the cryptocurrency wallets. They cite his reasons for doing so as a lack of communication on their part, which they deny.  They accuse Woestmann of unlawfully acquiring a majority share in Envion AG and are now suing the company.  “ Woestmann  was tasked with forming envion as an AG company in Switzerland and later appointed CEO with a 19% stake in the company. The founders pooled their 81% of shares via a jointly-held company, Trado GmbH.  Woestmann pushed for an agreement in the name of expediency whereby the CEO would control the founders’ shares to speed up decision-making for the initial set-up of the company and transfer them to Trado shortly before the ICO. Instead, he didn’t comply with the founders’ request to transfer shares and covertly issued more shares via a capital increase which left them with only  33% ownership. And no information whatsoever prior to that to the founders. ”  According to the founders, Woestmann is responsible for not burning the additional tokens unallocated after the ICO ended despite this being part of the investor proposal. They  posted emails dated May 3  from them to Woestmann requesting that 5 million tokens be burned at minimum as a show of good faith, with no response from Woestmann in the email and no public explanation for that as of yet.  “We are ready to build the product. Containers should be rolling off the assembly line and we should be installing mining units. The plan was to pay back dividends to our investors by now. We can’t do that because we are blocked by Mr. Woestmann. It’s not clear that he is making any positive contribution to Envion’s business,” said  Luckow .  The founders have not responded to CCN for comment at this time.  The  New York Times  spoke to 21-year-old Jessica Smith who invested $28,000 in Envion, almost all the money she had made after two years trading cryptocurrency. Smith is now looking for new work, saying this  “has been very painful. ”  Featured ima ge from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Drops to $7,200 While Ethereum, Ripple, and Bitcoin Cash See Losses Twitter  Over the past 24 hours, the cryptocurrency market dropped more than $22 billion, falling from $343 billion to $321 billion in market valuation. Bitcoin fell by 5 percent, while other major cryptocurrencies recorded larger losses, dropping by more than 7 percent.   What Triggered the Drop?  On previous reports, CCN emphasized  that while the cryptocurrency market has somewhat stabilized in terms of price movements, the volumes of most digital currencies remained relatively low. Bitcoin’s volume has not been able to rebound past the $5 billion mark, leading investors to become uncertain about the short-term future of the cryptocurrency market.  The bitcoin price initially seemed to be bottoming out at $7,500, building momentum around the $7,600 region and breaking the $7,700 mark. While prominent investors and experts including Peter Brandt suggested a short-term rally for bitcoin, the volume of bitcoin failed to pick up, disallowing bulls from taking over the market.  The prediction of Brandt was also conditional, as it relied on the BTC volume to increase substantially along with its movement on the upside.  Given that the price of BTC has dropped below the $7,300 mark and entered the $7,200 region, a further drop to $6,900 is more likely than a swift rebound to the $7,700 region. If the volume of BTC does not spike in the next 24 hours and BTC falls to the higher end of the $6,000 region, an entrance to $5,000 is also a possibility.  Previously, cryptocurrency researcher and analyst Willy Woo predicted a slow bleed out from $7,500 to $6,500 and eventually to $5,500, mostly due to the low volume of BTC and the high volatility of the market.  “I think we are gonna go to $5,500  – $5,700 next, I can ’t see $7000 holding. Most likely we ’ll balance a bit, then we ’ll slide through. Long timeframes here, looking into June for rough timing of this to play out at a best guess,” Woo said on May 25, adding, “Volatility is still too high. I ’m looking for a sustained low band of volatility which tends to be a signal for the end of the detox and the next accumulation phase. It ’s still got some time to ride down.”  Short-term skeptics including Woo are still optimistic in the mid-term trend of BTC, as it is possible for BTC to experience a bull run triggered by a mania set up by institutional investors such as pensions and hedge funds in the upcoming months. But, because robust custodian solutions are necessary for institutional investors to commit, it is unlikely that institutional investors come into the cryptocurrency market before the fourth quarter of 2018.  BTC Fall Will Trigger Alts to Plummet  If BTC falls below $7,000 and eventually to the lower end of $6,000, alternative cryptocurrencies and tokens, especially those with smaller market caps and volumes, will drop substantially in value, as tokens tend to experience intensified movements on both the upside and downside.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Plunges Below $6,700, Crypto Market Dips Below $300 Billion Twitter  The bitcoin price plunged below $6,700 on Sunday as the market endured a double-digit percentage sell-off.  The cryptocurrency markets had traded down for the majority of the weekend, and on Sunday morning the  bitcoin price  began to tumble toward the $7,000 mark. At approximately 17:30 UTC, support for that level began to evaporate, and bitcoin rapidly careened as low as $6,630 before experiencing a minor recovery to $6,724 when this article was written at 18:53.  BTC Price Chart  For the day, bitcoin is down nearly 11 percent, while most large-cap altcoins have seen their prices fall by 12 percent or more. The rout briefly pulled the  cryptocurrency market cap  below $300 billion, though it is currently holding just above $301 billion.  As CCN  reported  this morning  — when bitcoin was still trading above $7,200  — the price decline has correlated with significant decreases in trading volume over the past two months. This decrease in volume not only signals short-term uncertainty among investors but also primes the market for more violent price swings.  Click  here  for a real-time bitcoin price chart.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Japan Slaps 6 Licensed Cryptocurrency Exchanges with Business Improvement Orders Twitter  Japan’s financial regulator has targeted six licensed cryptocurrency exchanges to issue business improvement orders, ramping up its scrutiny of the sector.  Following on-site inspections into a number of exchanges, Japan’s Financial Services Agency  – the country’s financial regulator and watchdog – has  ordered  half a dozen licensed exchanges to rehaul and improve their management systems with a specific focus on risks and ID verification procedures among other facets.  As an example, the FSA  determined  that bitFlyer – one of Japan’s largest and best-funded cryptocurrency exchanges – had not established an effective management system to “ensure proper and reliable operation of the business, as well as countermeasures against money laundering and terrorist financing.”  In response, bitFlyer voluntarily announced it had  stopped accepting new customers  temporarily, stating it would be ‘re-examining the ID verification for certain existing customers”.  Furthermore, the exchange revealed a  ten-point list  on the mandated improvements demanded by the FSA. They include enforcing efficient management systems for user protection measures, system risks, an efficient interaction system with customers and more. Notably, the regulator has also demanded the exchange use a third-party to perform an ‘intensive review’ of the exchange and verify its relevant measures when listing new crypt ocurrencies.  Similar business improvement orders have landed at the offices of five other exchanges, namely QUOINE, Bit Bank, BTC Box, Bit Point and Tech Bureau.  All six exchanges are required to turn in a written plan for their respective improvement orders before July 23. Until the complete list of business improvement requirements are met, the six exchanges will have to file additional reports detailing their monthly progress and implantation of new improvements on the 10 th  of each month.  The regulator’s  increased oversight and scrutiny  into exchanges has been coming, in the aftermath of the  $530 million theft  of NEM tokens from Tokyo-based exchange Coincheck in January.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ethereum Classic Price Defies Bear Market in Single-Day Rally Twitter  The  ethereum classic price  continued its inexorable rise on Thursday afternoon as it reached $17.71 on cryptocurrency exchange Binance  — a single-day increase of 7%.  There could be several factors which are affecting this price movement. The principal one is the  listing on Coinbase , which was something of a surprise when it beat other contenders such as Ripple ’s XRP token to the finishing line.  Turnover has also increased quite substantially in the past days where the price climbed from a low of around $13.50 to $17.74 of now and appears to be still rising.   Still, the listing on Coinbase has been announced some time ago, and ETC still continues to skyrocket, gaining over 20% over the past 48 hours. If it continues rising in this manner then we could be back over the psychologically significant $20 mark with a push towards a two-monthly high of $24 not that far away.  June has been another bad month for cryptos  with decreases ranging from 10-20% for almost all cryptocurrencies.  Whilst one  cannot quite determine  what is causing this surge just yet, one can at least look at the historical movements of ethereum classic price in order to try and understand what might happen next for this cryptocurrency. If this positive trend continues, how high can ethereum classic go?  The historic all-time high for ETC currently stands at $45.51. Other peaks include $42.38 as recorded at the end of February and $24.70 as recorded at the start of May.  Before reaching its all-time high of $45.51, ethereum classic moved from $26.99, seeing an increase of 68%. Likewise, before peaking at $42.38, ethereum classic moved from $25.92, seeing an increase of 63%. Finally, in May, before peaking at $24.70, ethereum classic jumped from $16.15, seeing an increase of 52%. On average, that is a 61% increase for ethereum classic. One does not that the increases are decreasing in scale however.  Of course, this is based on speculation. Likewise, within the examples above, the markets where behaving very differently so we can’t just assume that the current ethereum classic trend means it will eventually jump up 61%, however, historically this seems to have been the case for the past three ethereum classic peaks. It is probably down to coincidence, but if history isn’t followed, informed predictions are out of the window.  Historically speaking, ethereum classic usually climbs by over 60% or close and thus, we could see this current jump in price materialise into something similar, though the current state of the markets does suggest otherwise.  Featured Image from Shutterstock     
DECREASE	   Crypto Tech Isn ’t Good Enough for National Digital Currency, Says Swiss Central Bank Director Twitter  The board director of the Swiss central bank Thomas Moser voiced his doubts about the possibility of an  ‘e-franc ’ state cryptocurrency when speaking at the 2018 Crypto Valley Blockchain conference in Zug, Switzerland yesterday.  SwissInfo  reports that Moser stated the potential impact of cryptocurrencies and blockchain tech on the traditional finance system is unclear and the technology isn ’t at an advanced enough stage for the central bank to consider issuing the e-franc.  The Swiss government called for a  study on the use case of a Swiss e-franc  in May, but Moser did not shine a positive light on the idea in Zug, comparing current-gen blockchain to the  “useless innovation ” of CDs.  Moser went on to say that digital music only became a viable alternative to analogue methods when streaming disrupted the space by allowing users to gain easy, often free access to music from anywhere.  “Something similar has to happen with bitcoin, ” he said.  “People will only switch to something new if it works better or is cheaper. ”  Perhaps contradicting his own statement, Moser said the central bank was also concerned about the potential impact on financial stability and monetary policy that digital currencies might have in Switzerland, arguably implying that people are ready to switch to crypto after all.  Moser ’s talk followed after the  recent criticism  leveled against cryptocurrencies by the BIS which acts as a  ‘bank for central banks ’ in a report titled  “Cryptocurrencies: Looking beyond the hype. ” The BIS argued that permissionless cryptocurrencies have no use case as a financial instrument, citing technical flaws such as the potential of a fork, along with the lack of accountability in decentralized cryptocurrencies.  Moser agreed that blockchain technology could have a use case in the future but that it would need to look  “very different from what it does today. ”  The criticism was not seen as unbiased by all panelists, some of whom pointed out the vested interest central banks have in discrediting cryptocurrencies in order to protect their own use case in a rapidly changing economic landscape in which innovators around the world are attempting to develop technologies that break the monopoly that banks have on the financial system and even eliminate the need for centralized banking altogether.  Swiss Minister for Economics Johann Schneider-Ammann who has in the past expressed his desire to  see Switzerland become a  ‘crypto nation ’  spoke more open-mindedly about the technology, saying that there were dangers in moving too quickly with the transition, but that it was equally perilous to move too slowly and risk getting left behind. The minister has a generally positive outlook towards both cryptocurrency and blockchain, stating that he had even turned down an invitation to meet the pope in Geneva in order to attend the blockchain conference in Zug.  Schneider-Ammann, who has previously stated his desire for Switzerland to become known as a “Crypto Nation”, took a more measured tone on this occasion, warning against the perils of both moving too slowly and too quickly into novel forms of innovation such as blockchain.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Breaking: Mt. Gox Case Moved to Civil Rehabilitation, Creditors May Be Paid in Crypto Twitter  Creditors holding bitcoins at infamous cryptocurrency exchange Mt. Gox may recover their funds, after all, a court has ruled.  According to a  document  posted on the Mt. Gox website, the Tokyo District Court on Friday approved a petition to move the company out of criminal bankruptcy and into civil rehabilitation.  The exchange, as CCN  reported , was hacked for more than $473 million in 2014, and the theft remained the largest in the industry’s history until the  Coincheck hack  in Jan. 2018. The theft left Mt. Gox insolvent, and it was forced into criminal bankruptcy in Japan, where it was headquartered.  Had Mt. Gox remained in criminal bankruptcy, creditors would likely have been paid in fiat currency at the exchange rate in 2014  — approximately $480/BTC.  However, bitcoin has appreciated considerably in the interim, meaning that the former owner of Mt. Gox,  Mark Karpeles , would likely have received the bulk of the remaining proceeds, which would have numbered in the hundreds of millions of dollars.  Creditors petitioned the court to allow Mt. Gox to enter civil rehabilitation, a legal process that provides more leeway in how creditors can be compensated. Karpeles, who served prison time for embezzling money from the company, has said that he  does not want the funds  and would do his best to support the creditors in their petition.  Now that the court has approved this petition, creditors may be refunded directly in cryptocurrency, though the exact specifics of their compensation will depend on the rehabilitation plan established during subsequent legal proceedings.  Importantly, creditors must file proof of claim forms by Oct. 22, 2018. This applies to all creditors, even those who previously filed claims during the criminal bankruptcy proceedings. Creditors who missed out on the earlier deadline are eligible to participate in these new proceedings.  The trustee of the Mt. Gox estate has already  sold off thousands of BTC and BCH , proceeds from which were used to cover the exchange’s JPY liabilities. Many analysts believe these sales contributed to the recent bear market, as dates on which Mt. Gox-owned bitcoins were moved correlated with significant bitcoin price declines.  Wallets belonging to the Mt. Gox estate currently hold  137,891 BTC   — worth more than $878 million at the time of writing  — as well as airdropped coins from forks such as bitcoin cash and bitcoin gold.  The trustee said in the document that there are currently no plans to sell any more funds, though this could change depending on what stipulations appear in the rehabilitation plan approved by the court.  However, the document indicates that these proceedings will likely not formally commence until Feb. 2019, ensuring that there will not be another Mt. Gox fueled sell-off anytime soon.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Chinese Police Seize 200 Bitcoin, Ethereum Mining Rigs Over Electricity Theft Twitter  Chinese police have reportedly seized over 200 computers used to mine bitcoin and ethereum in a crypto-mining operation that allegedly stole electricity.  According to a report by China’s state-owned press agency  Xinhua , police in the Anhui Province of eastern China confiscated the equipment after being alerted to abnormally high electricity usage by the local power grid’s operator.  The suspect, identified by his surname Ma, has been alleged to have stolen 150,000 kW hours of electricity in a little over the month, according to the report. An investigation by the Hanshan County police discovered that the electricity meter connected to the crypto mining operation had been short-circuited to avoid the power bill.  Cryptocurrency mining is an energy-intensive process wherein miners are rewarded with newly mined coins for creating blocks of validated transactions and adding them to the blockchain. Profits are earned when the value of the mined coins exceed the electricity and computing power costs.  The accused crypto miner was quoted as telling police that he bought the mining equipment in April before discovering that the daily power costs for running the operation – over 6,000 yuan ($923). The police claim Ma had not made any profits when he was caught tampering with the meter and siphoning electricity.  In a similar case, police in the city of Tianjin in northeastern China confiscated  600 bitcoin mining computers  in April after the local power company noticed sudden spikes in electricity usage. Over 6 individuals are alleged to be involved in the bitcoin mining operation wherein the mains of a local junction box had also been tampered with, allegedly.  Despite largely shuttering the domestic cryptocurrency industry in what was once the world’s largest cryptocurrency market, China is still home to a majority of the bitcoin mining hashrate due to cheap labor and electricity, relatively speaking.  Beijing has since discouraged local governments from supporting domestic crypto mining operations as a part of the government’s wider crackdown. The scrutiny has led to a marked exodus of cryptocurrency miners with the likes of mining giant Bitmain looking at establishing operations in  Switzerland  and the  power-abundant state of Washington  in the United States.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bithumb Hack  ‘Doesn’t Really Change the Fundamentals of Bitcoin ’: Charlie Lee Twitter  Charlie Lee, the founder of Litecoin, went on CNBC’s  Fast Money  program on Wednesday to discuss the recent  hacking  of South Korea’s cryptocurrency exchange  Bithumb , among other developments in the crypto sphere.  Speaking via telephone, the founder of the world’s  fifth-largest cryptocurrency  by market cap pointed out that while it is normal for cryptocurrency investors to panic when an exchange gets hacked, such an act does not change the fundamentals of crypto assets.  “Whenever there’s an exchange hack, people get scared and the price drops. It happens all the time. The thing is it doesn’t really change the fundamentals of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies,”  said  Lee.  Litecoin’s founder then drew parallels to a gold heist at a bank, arguing that  — theoretically  — it shouldn’t affect the price of the precious metal. Likewise, according to Lee, the hacking of a cryptocurrency exchange shouldn’t have any impact on the fundamentals of crypto assets.  Teething Problems  However, Lee agreed that big strides need to be made with a view of improving the security systems of the exchanges. But Litecoin’s founder was quick to point out that cryptocurrencies are a nascent technology and exchanges are still on the learning path, with improvements constantly being made, even though a lot still remained to be done.  Additionally, Lee said the responsibility of protecting crypto assets shouldn’t wholly lie with exchanges like Bithumb. He argued that investors must be responsible for the security and safety of their digital assets by making wise choices with regards to the exchanges they entrust their coins with. Compared to traditional fiat currencies, investors must bear more responsibilit y.  With regards to developments in the cryptocurrency sphere, Lee observed that Bitcoin developers had made great strides in the recent past and this included the activation of  SegWit  (Segregated Witness). Currently, many developers are focused on rolling out the mainnet release of the  Lighting Network , which is expected to enhance Bitcoin’s scalability. But while the Lightning Network was primarily developed with Bitcoin in mind, the protocol has been adapted for Litecoin and other networks as well.  Bitcoin Price Lagging its Blockchain’s Technological Advances  Charlie Lee said that investors shouldn ’t panic after the Bithumb hack, since the incident doesn ’t impact BTC ’s fundamentals. | Source: YouTube/Crypto Channel  Despite the progress made, Lee lamented that the  price of the flagship cryptocurrency  had fallen by between 60-70% and this was not reflective of recent technological advances. Lee, however, expressed hope that with time the price will adjust to reflect the progress that had been made. Per Lee, the only reason for the current prices was the overwhelmingly bearish sentiment.  When asked how long the bear market would last, Lee could not hazard a guess, noting that having been in the space for between 7-8 years, he has witnessed bear markets which have lasted for a period of between 36 to 48 months and it was therefore impossible to predict whether this particular one will last just as long or bulls will take over soon.  Tether ’s Controversy  On the same  Fast Money  show, Lee also commented on the report by the Freeh, Sporkin  & Sullivan LLP law firm that Tether’s  USDT tokens  are fully backed on a ratio of 1 to 1 by US dollars. He noted that if this were indeed true, the markets would benefit from increased confidence. As evidence, he noted that cryptocurrencies rose slightly after the report came out.  “If they actually do have a USD backing then that means that the run-up is created by real demand and not fake demand. And that’s really good news,” Lee said.  
DECREASE	   Tron to Burn TRX Worth $50 Million to Mark ‘Independence Day’ Twitter  The much-hyped  Tron  Independence Day is less than 72 hours away. As part of the commemorative events that are set to take place, Tron Foundation has revealed that TRX tokens worth approximately US$ 50 million will be burnt. This is one billion TRX coins which according to Tron Foundation will perhaps constitute the largest amount of money ever destroyed for purposes of celebrating a monumental ev ent.   Letter to the community:  #TRON  Independence Day. Celebrate on June 25th as we become a free, autonomous, and self-governed decentralized internet. Join us in celebrating with a 🔥🔥1 billion  #TRX  coin burn!  @Tronfoundation   https://t.co/NZrpDq6V9V   pic.twitter.com/NFmIjRAF6u  — Justin Sun (@justinsuntron)  June 21, 2018   After the burn, the number of TRX coins will consequently fall to 99 billion. Tron Foundation is currently holding 33,251,807,524 TRX and these will remain locked till January 1, 2020.  The mainnet launch of Tron is a process which has consisted of four stages. The world’s 9 th  largest cryptocurrency based on market capitalization at the time of writing, according to CoinMarketCap, launched its testnet late in March. The preparation phase which has been underway has mainly involved selecting Genesis Representatives from among the Super Representatives already picked.  Rehearsals Conducted to Guarantee Success  Tron’s successful mainnet launch will be dependent on 27 Genesis Representatives and rehearsals have been conducted with a view to ensuring that the launch of the mainnet takes place without hitches.  After the launch of the Tron mainnet the elections for Super Representatives will commence. The Genesis Representatives will however not be up for election as Super Representatives. Once governance of the Tron network has been taken over by the 27 Super Representatives the next stage for the mainnet will be the constitutional phase where the entire community will co-govern the  system. It is at this point that the official migration of Tron from the  ERC20  blockchain will occur.  With Tron listed on more than 100 exchanges across the globe, it will be up to each exchange to determine when to migrate tokens to the Tron mainnet from the ERC20 blockchain. The migration exchange rate is 1 to 1.  The Blockchain Wars  Unlike the Ethereum platform which uses the custom programming language of Solidity, the Tron mainnet is built on Java. After the launch of Tron’s testnet late in March, the founder of Tron Foundation,  Justin Sun , claimed Tron was better than Ethereum listing several reasons including a higher number of transactions per second as well as fees.  While the Tron team initially had a bug bounty program offering $100,000 to identify weaknesses and flaws, the team earlier in the month raised the figure to $10 million. This was interpreted as a sign of confidence in the security of its network besides a show of the seriousness Tron Foundation ascribes to network security. At the beginning of the month, Sun said as much.   #TRON  Bug Bounty Program with a highest reward of USD$10 million. We take the security of  #TRON  mainnet very seriously. If you have made an important discovery of potential bugs, please contact us and join the TRON Bug Bounty Program🔉  #TRX   $TRX   https://t.co/e399Z4TZBw   pic.twitter.com/JRyVnTtb9J  — Justin Sun (@justinsuntron)  June 1, 2018   
DECREASE	   R3 ’s Not Bankrupt, But Documents Show It ’s Not Flush with Cash, Either Twitter  Enterprise blockchain startup R3 is not bankrupt, but the high-profile banking consortium founder isn’t entirely out of the woods, either.  That’s the takeaway from a new report in  Forbes , at least. The publication, which says it was given “unprecedented” access to financial documents, found that R3 has indeed by missing revenue targets by a significant margin  — just not as large a margin as earlier reports had suggested.  One such report cited anonymous former employees who described R3’s revenue as “laughably off,” perhaps even “10x” below, annual targets. Based on this, they alleged that the firm  — which raised more than $120 million over multiple funding rounds  —  would likely be bankrupt  by the first quarter of 2019.  Financial documents for 2018 show that, as of April, R3, the developer of enterprise blockchain software Corda, had missed its revenue target by 13 percent and now hopes to end the year 10 percent below its original goal. While perhaps not “laughably off,” those figures aren’t exactly encouraging.  R3 CEO David Rutter defended the strength of R3’s financial state in a  statement  published on June 11, but in his interview with Forbes, he was far more candid.  “There’s too many variables in the equation to put my hand on a Bible right now and say this is what’s going to happen,” he said. “But what I can say, very importantly, is that we are performing to plan.”  Indeed, Rutter pointed to strong activity on the Corda code repository on GitHub, which he contrasted with declining activity in other enterprise blockchain repositories. Moreover, insurance consortium B3i Services AG  — which is backed by major firms including Allianz and Liberty Mutual  — announced this week that it would build its application on Corda  Still, Rutter also acknowledged that R3 is “burning money every month” and that  — despite the recent launch of a paid version of Corda built for enterprises and a “massive pipeline” of developer interest  — the firm may need to raise more money.  “We are burning money every month,” he said. “We watch cash very closely, our board is aware of it, and we’re running according to plan. So if we execute well and our demand is exactly what we think it is, then we may never raise money again.”  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Ethereum Co-Founder Has  ‘Biggest Stake ’ in VeChain and Qtum Twitter  Anthony Di Iorio, the billionaire co-founder of $50 billion blockchain network Ethereum and cryptocurrency wallet Jaxx, said that Chinese blockchain projects such as Qtum and VeChain will succeed.  “The biggest stake for me is in Qtum and VeChain right now, the two Chinese projects. There’s much more opportunity in newer ones if you can identify them,” Iorio said.  China’s Poor Cryptocurrency Trading Regulations Don’t Matter  VeChain, the Ethereum-based Internet of Things blockchain protocol in China, has attracted well-respected developers, venture capital firms, and large-scale institutions throughout the past six months.  Most recently, the VeChain team disclosed that PwC, one of the Big Four auditors, have acquired a stake in the project, and announced a partnership with multi-billion dollar logistics giant DB Schenker to use the blockchain in processing sensitive information.  “By collaborating with third-party logistics providers in China, DB Schenker can offer extensive and seamless logistics solutions across China for any industry and trade. However, the immense potential of such a comprehensive logistics network is challenged by the complexity of measuring the performance and service quality of their business partners,” the VeChain foundation sai d.  Building blockchain protocols in itself is difficult and technologically challenging, as blockchain building essentially is solving unprecedented cryptographic problems with dire consequences. A simple error in a smart contract could result in large-scale security breaches and loss of funds.  Building a blockchain protocol and convincing conglomerates, institutions, and businesses to utilize it to secure data rather than more efficient database technologies is even more difficult, because developers need to convince businesses to overcome the trade-off between decentralization and flexibility to use blockchain technology in the right way.  The blockchain is not database technology; it cannot process an unlimited number of transactions and information, and in its current form, it can barely process hundreds of transactions per second. Ethereum creator Vitalik Buterin emphasized that it is possible to reach a million transactions per second on the Ethereum blockchain with Sharding and Plasma enabled, but the indust ry is still several years behind.  As such, for blockchain projects, it is of utmost importance to secure partners like VeChain’s partnership with PwC and DB Schenker to build, solve, and investigate together on various methods that could be utilized to commercialize the blockchain at a large scale.  Iorio said that investors should also look for emerging projects that are capable of leading wide adoption of the blockchain, similar to the works of Qtum and VeChain, both of which are based in China.  In September 2017, the Chinese authorities effectively banned cryptocurrency trading but has not banned cryptocurrency businesses and blockchain projects. In fact, the latest multi-billion dollar funding of blockchain startups by the Chinese government reaffirmed its support for blockchain technology.  Good to Get Reaffirmation That Ethereum is Not a Security  During an interview with Bloomberg, Iorio added that while the creators of Ethereum including himself, Buterin, and Charles Hoskinson were comfortable with the regulatory nature of Ethereum and its non-security characteristics, it was “great” to get reaffirmation from the US government that it is not a security.  If the US SEC had categorized Ethereum as a security, it would have had shut down the entire industry in the US in an instant, forcing companies to move out of the country. The SEC’s clear statement that Ethereum is not a security demonstrated the intent of the agency to see continuous development in the blockchain sector.  
DECREASE	   NANO Issues Alert on Android App Vulnerability, Urges Users to Move Funds Twitter  NANO, which recently rebranded from RaiBlocks in January 2018, has issued a statement alerting users about a vulnerability in their android wallet, urging them to move their funds to a new wallet.  This applies to anyone who generated a wallet seed using the NANO android wallet, which was released just a few hours ago.  The issue stems from the usage of the Random.java class which is used to generate a stream of cryptographically secure pseudorandom numbers. The dev team seems to have overlooked this, and it is important to note that this issue wasn’t previously discovered.  According to a  reddit post  by  Nanex ’s  CEO the random method uses a combination of the current time and the device memory address of the ‘ java.util.Random ’ class.   public Random() {internalSetSeed(System.currentTimeMillis() + System.identityHashCode(this));}   The code generates 64 random integers, converts them to a hex format and then uses the first 64 characters off the result. A possible fix would be using the SecureRandom method, which is much more secure and recommended as per the  official java docs .  The java docs explicitly mention the following:  “Instances of  java.util.Random  are not cryptographically secure. Consider instead using  SecureRandom  to get a cryptographically secure pseudo-random number generator for use by security-sensitive applications.”  Effectively, you would need a malicious process running on your android phone that had access to the memory address space, which is the memory in a device an app/process has access to. This would result in your NANO wallet seed being compromised.  However, the user goes on to point out that unless this attack vector was actually used, the likelihood of your seed getting compromised is minimal.  It is however, a safe practice and highly recommended to move out your NANO funds into a different wallet with a new seed, just so users are on the safe side. The NANO team is currently patching the wallet to make it cryptographically secure, and the warning was issued immediately after they found it.  Nano has had a bad year so far, with the high profile BitGrail hack that resulted in 17 million coins being stolen, followed by both BitGrail and the NANO team maintaining their stance they weren’t at fault. There have been several series of twists and turns, including BitGrail cofounder Francesco Firano asking the NANO team to fork the NANO blockchain, effectively restoring st olen funds.  BitGrail, which has long maintained a low profile in the exchange niche, has caused a lot of pain for retail traders, including one such user who held  $1.4 million in NANO  on the exchange which he lost. In a reddit post, the user went on to explain that the 10 bitcoin/day withdrawal limit severely affected him, and it didn’t help at all when it was reduced to 1 bitcoin/day, along with unresponsive support.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Congress Should Take Action Against Privacy Coins: Secret Service Official Twitter  A top official in the US Secret Service has asked Congress to take action against privacy-centric cryptocurrencies like zcash and monero, which include features designed to help users make anonymous transactions.  In  prepared testimony  given on Wednesday before the House of Representatives Committee on Financial Services Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance, Robert Novy  — deputy assistant director of the Secret Service’s office of investigations  — called on legislators to adopt measures which would curb the usage of so-called “privacy coins.”  “We should also consider additional legislative or regulatory actions to address potential challenges related to anonymity-enhanced cryptocurrencies, services intended to obscure transactions on blockchains (i.e. cryptocurrency tumblers or mixers) and cryptocurrency mining pools.”  Though Novy did not mention any of these coins by name, the most prominent privacy-centric cryptocurrencies are monero and zcash. Monero transactions obfuscate senders and receivers by default, while zcash users can take advantage of the protocol’s “shielded addresses” when they want to keep transactions private.  Contrary to popular belief, bitcoin and most other cryptocurrencies are pseudonymous, not anonymous, and powerful analytics tools exist which can trace blockchain data. However, bitcoin users can employ tools such as “tumblers” and “mixers” to make it more difficult to trace funds back to their source.  Japan ’s Financial Services Agency has pressured exchanges to delist privacy coins like zcash and monero.  Law enforcement officials and regulators around the world have frequently expressed concern over the prevalence of such privacy-preserving technologies, though supporters point out that they’re no more anonymous than physical cash.  As CCN  reported , Japan’s Financial Service Agency (FSA)  — the government body that regulates cryptocurrency exchanges in the country  — has pressured trading platforms to delist privacy coins.  Notably, though, the New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS), which oversees what is perhaps the strictest cryptocurrency regulatory framework in the US, recently  approved  cryptocurrency exchange Gemini’s request to list zcash on its platform.  Whether Congress does take action or not, Novy had strong words for criminals who would seek to fund their activities through the use of cryptocurrency (which actually happens  far less  than most people think).  “Those that seek to further their illicit activities through use of digital currencies should have no illusions that they are beyond the reach of the law,” he concluded. “As the investigative work of the Secret Service and our law enforcement partners continues to demonstrate, we are relentless in enforcing the law and will not be stopped by the perceived anonymity of the Internet or digital currencies.”  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Japan ’s Biggest Cryptocurrency Exchange Suspend New Accounts amid Stricter Regulation Twitter  Merely three days after the Japanese government and local financial authorities requested cryptocurrency exchanges to improve their infrastructures, bitFlyer, the country’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange, has suspended the registration of new accounts to overhaul its Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Know Your Customer (KYC) system.  Government Finds Flaws in Internal Management Systems  Since earlier this year, the Japanese government and local authorities have continuously cracked down on anonymous cryptocurrencies Monero, Zcash, and Dash, and the usage of digital assets in financing black market operations such as drug trafficking and distribution.  On June 16, the Japanese financial authorities asked the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) to implement unified crypto regulations to oversee digital asset exchanges internationally with the same standard and policies. The intent behind Japan’s call for unified cryptocurrency exchange regulations was in its plans to prevent the usage of anonymous cryptocurrencies.  “It’s nearly impossible for Japan to handle the problem alone. Even if trade is restricted to only domestic transfers or monitoring is enhanced, it’s still not enough to counter money laundering. It would be best if all the group of 20 industrial and emerging nations and regions (G20) would take the same steps toward prevention,” a Japanese Financial Services Agency spokesperso n  said .  Japan ’s financial regulator is ramping up its scrutiny into crypto exchanges.  On Tuesday, June 19, the Japanese government disclosed that it has requested five registered and licensed cryptocurrency exchanges in the country including bitFlyer and Quoine to overhaul their internal systems, after discovering severe flaws in the internal management systems of the exchanges that handle money laundering prevention and transaction monitoring.  “Upon inspections, the agency concluded there were flaws in the exchange operators ’ internal management systems, such as measures to prevent money laundering. The FSA intends to hand down the improvement orders by the end of this week,” a  local report  revealed earlier this week.  On June 22,  bitFlyer suspended new account registrations  and overhauled its internal management system to fix its AML and KYC processes. Local analysts have stated that the exchange reacted speedily to the demand from the authorities because a previous report released by the Mainichi Shimbun, the oldest newspaper in Japan that disclosed the Yakuza, the country’s biggest crime syndicate with over 100,000 members, claimed hundreds of millions of dollars were laundered through major cryptocurrency exchanges.  In acknowledgement of the sensitivity of the issue and the displeasure of the Japanese FSA towards cryptocurrency exchanges, an agency that has been supportive of the cryptocurrency sector for many years, exchange responded quickly to the demands of the government and initiated the process of rebuilding its infrastructure.  Coincheck, CoinRail, and Bithumb Hacks  Currently, cryptocurrency exchanges, even major digital asset trading platforms, have no leverage against the government, mostly due to the recent hacking attacks of major platforms such as Coincheck and Bithumb.  While no investors lost their funds in the three attacks, even the $500 million Coincheck NEM breach, the attacks occured due to holes in the systems of the exchanges which the operators of the platforms had known prior to the attacks.  In the upcoming months, in major markets like Japan, South Korea, and the US, crypto exchanges will cooperate closely with the authorities and take one step further in legitimizing the cryptocurrency sector.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Exclusive: Researchers Allege Tron Plagiarized Code from other Crypto Projects Twitter  Researchers from Digital Asset Research (DAR) have discovered multiple instances of code copied from other projects in the Tron codebase.  It seems that  Tron  developers plagiarised code from Ethereum among other projects and changed filenames to make it difficult to identify the source of the code. DAR published an  article  on Medium about the plagiarism and the legal and technical problems that may now affect the Tron mainnet going forward.  “On December 31, 2017, the project was initially accused of violating the GNU Lesser General Public License v3.0 (LGPL) because the project does not mention that its client, Java-Tron, was derived from EthereumJ, which is one of the first Ethereum libraries, ” DAR wrote, adding:  Although the project later added the relevant LGPL license language to 14 of the files,  we found several instances of code that was copied verbatim or slightly modified from EthereumJ, still without appropriate reference. “  CCN spoke to Lucas Nuzzi of DAR who provided the following image in support of the plagiarism allegations, which follow a  previous instance  of Tron apparently lifting extensive portions of its whitepaper from other projects.  DAR provided this image in support of the allegations that Tron copied code from other projects in violation of open-source licenses [click to enlarge] Nuzzi told CCN:  “In the commit above, developers went through the hassle of changing the title of some functions to hide the plagiarism, as evidenced by commit d4ad9c9. There is no valid reason to change the EthereumJ’s public class “name,” for example, to “dataBaseName,” other than to make it difficult to track the similarities between both repositories. ”  Nuzzi went on to explain that apart from the potential legal and ethical concerns surrounding plagiarised code, the codebase now faces technical problems as well that could prove to be very significant.  “The problem is when you repurpose code originally developed for a completely different system architecture, and don’t have enough time to fully test it. Vulnerabilities that were not applicable to the original system are now applicable to new one. Plagiarism is bad, but the concern here relates to the unknown vulnerabilities that may arise when you combine all of these modules together, on steroids. Nothing wrong with experimenting, but the community should definitely adjust expectations. ”  DAR researchers were not funded specifically to research the Tron codebase  — the project is a sell-side research firm that focuses on the analysis of digital assets for institutional investors, and generates revenue from subscribers who pay to gain access to exclusive material that will help inform them when investing in cryptocurrency projects like Tron.  “My job is to perform deep technical due diligence for our clients, which involves reviewing the entire codebase of the projects we cover, which is what I did with TRON, ” Nuzzi said.  “Most of our research is exclusive to our clients, but whenever we find something that the entire community can benefit from, we share it. ”  With the  mainnet migration  due to take place on June 25, it ’s possible that Tron may face multiple technical and legal problems that will negatively impact the performance and success of the project. Tron staff did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the matter.  In the meantime, Nuzzi has another suggestion for Tron  — one they are free to copy, attribution or not.   PSA: If you think the  #EOS  launch was chaotic, wait until  #TRON  launches in a couple of days … I also happened to have reviewed the entire  $TRX  codebase.  My eyes hurt.   They should rebrand to  "TRON: the Frankenstein of crypto. " Learn more 👇  — Lucas Nuzzi (@LucasNuzzi)  June 19, 2018   Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   EOS User Posts Private Key Online, Dares Critics to Steal Funds Twitter  It’s a truth universally acknowledged that one should never expose their private keys to another individual or an untrusted piece of software. However, one EOS backer is putting that worldview to the test.  On Friday, anonymous Steemit user “eosinsider”  levied a challenge  to the nascent cryptocurrency’s critics: here’s my private key  — steal my funds.  The private key  — 5K5V1MY4iPBvT1vZ8rdX89JVDMJXosmRqKGoUxCfYaVck69qNU2  — belongs to an account aptly named “yostealmyeos,” which is currently holding 5 EOS, hours after it was first published online.   While noting that this challenge is an experiment with low stakes  — the tokens are currently  worth about $45   — eosinsider said that they felt confident posting their private key online due to features built into the EOS protocol and on-chain governance model that are designed to protect users from scammers and other thieves.  One of these is the platform’s arbitration process, which allows victims of theft and other malicious activities to appeal their cases to an arbiter such as the EOSIO Core Arbitration Forum (ECAF). If ECAF rules in a user ’s favor, the organization has the constitutional authority issue an order to block producers  — the entities who process EOS transactions  — to freeze malicious accounts and recover the user’s funds.  Supporters say that this sort of on-chain governance is necessary if a cryptocurrency ever hopes to achieve mass-scale adoption, which will involve onboarding millions  — perhaps billions  — of users who have no interest in learning the finer points of blockchain security. However, this governance model is not without its critics.  As CCN  reported , block producers ignited a firestorm in cryptocurrency circles when, just days after the  launch of the EOS network , they froze seven accounts that allegedly contained funds acquired through phishing scams.  “Consensus by conference call, ” said  one critic , alluding to the fact that block producers have used this communication medium to debate important decisions.  “Civil asset forfeiture meets blockchain, ” said  another .  The action is even more controversial given that it was, arguably, enacted in violation of the EOS constitution since ECAF did not issue an order to freeze the accounts until two days after the block producers had already done so.  Nevertheless, the controversy which this action engendered did not serve as a deterrent, and block producers froze another 27 accounts on Friday in response to an ECAF order, which gave no justification other than a statement that the “logic and reasoning for this Order will be posted at a later date.”  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   EOS Price Tanks to 60-Day Low Near $9.20  Twitter  EOS price tanked considerably in the past few hours to reach a 2-month low of $9.30 at press time on Friday – a significant drop of well over 11%.  Just a few hours earlier at close of trade on the Asian markets, the EOS price was around $10.50 but a sudden and unexplained drop had the currency down by 11% to the $9.50 level before dropping even further to around $9.20 at press time. The whole market experienced wider drops between 5 and 10% among major currencies with the main sufferers apart from EOS being Bitcoin Cash,  Ontology, Ethereum and Cardano which all saw drops of between 6 and 12% with ONT dropping by over 12% to the $5.80 level. Incidentally, eToro chose Friday to return EOS to trading on its platform after suspending it as from June 2 when the EOS price had been around $12.50.      There seems to be a lot of  negative hype  around EOS at the moment with the main net not going according to plan and a general confusion over the voting rights system.  The decision to freeze some user accounts  has certainly not gone down well with the crypto community as a whole and this could also be one of the reasons why the price is tanking so severely in the past 24 hours.  EOS has been described as he biggest ICO project of all time  after raising around $4 billion from investors  at the launch of the mainnet, its fair to say that EOS has lost some of its shine in recent times, which could benefit Tron and Cardano. However TRON definitely has some issues especially with recent revelations that it developers stole some of its code from other cryptocurrencies.  Since the  mainnet launch , there has been a whole host of issues and controversies, from exposed vulnerabilities to a crash less than 48 hours after going live.  The latest problems came in the form of a constitutional crisis of sorts when block producers decided to freeze some hacked accounts. This caused a considerable uproar amongst the EOS community and rightly so with the corresponding effects on the price.  On its own, this may seem like a reasonably positive move, but it occurred before the ratification of the constitution, meaning that no such powers had officially been granted to carry it out. This situation caused many supporters to consider looking elsewhere for a decentralized apps platform, with the belief that EOS may be too centralized.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Suffers Ongoing Decline, Analysts Weigh Causes Twitter  The market is undergoing continuous decline today after the overall market cap dropped $16 billion in 24 hours.  Bitcoin is down 8 percent and dropped from $6,700 earlier today now trading at under $6,200 with $6,000 being considered an important line of support.   Meanwhile, Ethereum is down 10 percent and EOS is down over 15 percent. Litecoin has hit a 7 month low of $75, dropping 11 percent.  Market analysts and pundits have offered a variety of views on the subject, with the possibility that news from Japan has influenced the decline. Japan ’s Financial Service Agency issued 6 exchanges with  business improvement orders  after conducting on-site inspections.  The national regulator is seen as cracking down on the exchanges by many after declaring that the exchanges needed to improve KYC regulations and work towards reducing risk. Major exchange bitFlyer responded by voluntarily announcing that they would no longer be accepting new customers pending review of their operational practices. bitFlyer will also be reviewing current identifications of existing users as part of the anti-money laundering measures.  Ryan Rabaglia, head trader of crypto-firm Octagon Strategy Limited,  said :  “The market is still trading on low volumes and has yet to break out of its current downtrend, leaving itself susceptible to sell-offs. Although the market reacted negatively, I view this as a positive for the industry as a whole. ”  On Monday, Blue Line Futures president Bill Baruch  said  that Bitcoin ’s decreased volatility signaled that selling may finally be exhausted and may be bottoming out at around $6,000. He attributed the huge surge in value seen in December with the introduction of CME and CBOE Bitcoin futures allowing people to take long and short positions on the value of Bitcoin, with “tremendous speculation and the fear of missing out” seeing prices “sky-rocket too quickly.”  Baruch feels that the over-enthusiasm that caused unsustainable growth has now died down, which can now contribute to healthier and more natural market growth, saying that if the $6,000 support line holds we may see more constructive upward movement. He also pointed out, however, that the 100-day moving average was down to $4,550 at the time. Baruch outlined the $10,000 mark as a “crucial line in the sand ”, and even advised selling against it.  It ’s possible that the decline will continue in the short term as traders seek to preserve holdings, with eyes now on the $6,000 mark as a measurement of how far the decline will go before finding support and consolidating once again.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   $17 Billion Deleted From Cryptocurrency Market in 24 Hours as Ethereum Falls 7% Twitter  The cryptocurrency market has recorded a loss of over $17 billion in the past 24 hours, triggered by the loss of major cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Bitcoin Cash, and EOS.  EOS recorded the largest loss amongst major digital assets, demonstrating a loss of more than 10 percent overnight. Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, Stellar, and Cardano fell behind EOS, falling by just over 7 percent.   What Triggered the Sell-Off?  On previous reports, CCN noted that the cryptocurrency market is still in a bear cycle and that it had only initiated a corrective rally, not a bull rally. In mid-June, the market seemed more stable than any other period throughout the past two months. But, the unforeseen hacking attack of Bithumb, South Korea’s largest cryptocurrency exchange, terminated the corrective rally of the market and led major cryptocurrencies to a short-term decline.  Prior to the Bithumb hack, the cryptocurrency market had shown significant momentum, as Bitcoin rebounded from $6,300 to $6,700. But, the breach of the most widely utilized digital asset trading platform in South Korea, the third biggest cryptocurrency market behind the US and Japan, led investors to panic, even though the outcome was not particularly detrimental.  On June 21, CCN reported that Bithumb confirmed $30 million was stolen from its hot wallet and has started to cooperate with the Korea Internet and Security Agency, a sub organization of the Ministry of Science and ICT, to minimize its losses. The Bithumb team stated that the $30 million figure could decrease in the future, as KISA and Bithumb security experts initiate various recovery efforts.  “After the incident occured on June 20, Bithumb quickly followed the procedure to immediately report [the] incident to KISA announcing that about 35 billion Korean Won worth amount of cryptocurrency was stolen. However, as we undergo recovery process on each cryptocurrency, the overall scale of damage is getting reduced. Hence, we expect that the overall damage will be less than the amount we initially expected,” the Bithumb team said.  Bithumb also confirmed that with company funds, valued around $450 million, the exchange will be able compensate its investors fully with ease, as the stolen amount only accounted for around 6 percent of company funds.  Hence, the end result of the Bithumb security breach was not detrimental to the point of triggering a 6 percent cryptocurrency market correction. Rather, it was the end of an optimistic short-term corrective rally triggered by Bithumb that led the cryptocurrency market to experience a minor correction.  Where Ethereum Goes Next  Ethereum experienced the biggest loss amongst major cryptocurrencies today alongside EOS, and given that smaller cryptocurrencies and tokens follow the trend of BTC and ETH, the short-term trend of ETH is important to observe.  Various momentum indicators indicate neutral zone for ETH. The Relative Strength Index (RSI) of ETH is at 40.5 and the MACD of ETH is demonstrating a buy signal. But, a neutral signal for ETH, in a strong downward trend, could mean that its decline could be prolonged to the higher end of the $400 region, from the current price of ETH at $503.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Nigerian Entrepreneurs are Choosing Bitcoin Over the National Currency Twitter  A growing number of businessmen in Nigeria are opting for handling their business using the digital currency instead of the Naira. The country ’s national currency seems to be more volatile than Bitcoin, at times.  As cryptocurrencies fight for relevance around the world, Nigerian citizens are starting to use Bitcoin as an alternative to their own currency, the Nigerian Naira. If you take a quick look at the Naira on TradingView, you ’ll quickly see how the currency has been losing its value consistently over the past 5 years.  Clear devaluation of the Nigerian Naira over the past 5 years.  With that in mind, it ’s no surprise Nigerian entrepreneurs would rather deal in Bitcoin than their own currency.  One example  is Silas Okwoche, co-founder of Nerve Mobile. The self-taught engineer was purchasing Android smartphones from China via Alibaba. However, when the Nigerian Naira fell over 15% against the Chinese Yuan, his venture came to an end. Overnight, his product became too expensive to purchase and resell.  Another Nigerian entrepreneur, going by the name of Temo, also acquires his hardware from China. However, unlike Silas, this tech-savvy businessman uses Bitcoin to manage his affairs. Whenever new hardware from China is needed, Temo exchanges Naira for Bitcoin through LocalBitcoins.com  — or a similar peer-to-peer marketplace,  — and trades the digital currency for the Chinese yuan. He claims exchange fees are much lower than traditional methods, and the transactions are completed at a much faster rate. When using banks, Temo needs to pay fees to both Nigerian and Chinese banks, and he ’ll most likely have to wait a week for his money to be available.  Another Nigerian success case is Soji, who works as a web designer in Lagos. “I can use Bitcoin for anything now [ …] It means I can invest and also pay anybody currently, except old people, I will send them Bitcoin. But some people think it is a scam to deal in Bitcoin and they also fear being hacked, as many people do not know how to protect themselves online, ” said Soji. Thanks to cryptocurrencies, Soji is now capable of purchasing online goods and services, such as web hosting, where previously his currency was not accepted.  Toyosi, a freelance crypto trader and investor from Lagos, believes the majority of Ponzi schemes are gone and Bitcoin is starting to stabilize. He ’s the founder of SureRemit, a company using a cryptographic token as an alternative for sending money overseas.  While Nigeria ’s adoption of cryptocurrencies  might not be news , it is still interesting to see how people come up with creative ways to use them to ease their lives. Nigeria ’s Central Bank might ’ve called  Bitcoin a gamble , once upon a time, and even warned  against investing in it , but that hasn ’t seemed to deter young entrepreneurs from pursuing their dreams.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Walmart Turns to Blockchain to Ease Package Delivery Woes Twitter  With delivery being one of the most challenging aspects of online retail,  Walmart  is looking to solve the puzzle one blockchain patent at a time.  On July 5 the Bentonville, Arkansas-headquartered big-box retailer was awarded a patent detailing an invention focusing on the delivery of packages as well as scheduling the delivery of these packages.  Titled  ‘Delivery Reservation Apparatus and Method” the patent which was filed early last year talks of delivery hubs (locker docking station) which use a public ledger to determine available capacity and make reservations.  Reserving Capacity at the Delivery Hub  Information regarding which locker is available or reserved is recorded on a public ledger. Once requests for reservations are made, the public ledger is analyzed with a view of determining whether there is sufficient capacity available. If there is, a contract is executed seeking to reserve capacity. The public ledger is then updated to indicate this development.  In order to utilize a  blockchain  reservation system, each docking station or delivery hub is essentially a node within a blockchain network.  “Updates to the blockchain may comprise transfer of capacity units into and out of the public ledger and one or more nodes on the system may be configured to incorporate one or more updates into blocks to add to the distributed database, ” reads patent application number 62441705 and which lists Bruce Wilkinson and Todd Mattingly as the inventors.  Package Delivery Pain Points  In filing the patent Walmart acknowledges that while online retail offers customers convenience since purchases are delivered to them rather than the customers having to travel to a store, it presents challenges for the retailer or the courier. This is especially in the case of deliveries where a signature is required as scheduling a time that is convenient for both the courier and the recipient might be difficult.  While there exists the option of the recipient suggesting an alternative place where the package could be placed by the retailer or courier, this also presents another problem as the package could be left in an area that is insecure or exposed to the elements thereby risking theft or damage.  Walmart’s Other Blockchain-Related Patents  Another patent focusing on delivery that Walmart has filed in the recent past envisions using  blockchain technology to track shipments via drones . The retail giant has also been awarded blockchain-related patents for other inventions unrelated to delivery as CCN has previously reported. Last month, for instance, the big-box retailer was granted a patent which detailed a way of securely  storing medical records on a blockchain  and accessing them during emergencies such as when a patient is unconscious. In the same month, Walmart was awarded a patent describing an  electrical grid powered by Bitcoin  or other cryptocurrencies.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Chinese Police Arrest Malware Developers Who Hacked $2 Million in Crypto Twitter  The developers are responsible for hacking millions of computers to hack a total of $2 million in cryptocurrencies.  Computers were initially infected with a mining program and a mining monitoring software  — whenever the latter detected CPU utilization below 50%, the former would silently start mining in the background. The cycle was repeated endlessly, with all the proceeds being sent back to the hackers.  Authorities Apprehended Dozens of Suspects Connected to the Hacking  In a joint effort  involving many Chinese law enforcement agencies, 20 individuals were apprehended, out of which 11 were released on bail, and 9 were detained. The culprits are responsible for illegally controlling more than 389 million computers across China, while a total of 1 million computers were silently mining for the hacker group.  The security team at Tencent Keeper Program has been credited for alerting authorities to the hack. Back on January 3, the team first detected a game plug-in containing a Trojan horse program. The operation ran uninterrupted for 2 years during which it mined more than 26 million coins  — a mix between DigiByte (DGB), Decred (DCR), and Siacoin (SC),  — totaling more than 15 million Chinese yuan.  Police detectives explained hacker groups tend to go for cryptocurrencies hard to mine in the market. Once one or more digital currencies are chosen, hackers attempt to gain control of other computers through cloud computing services and install a virtual currency mining program. For as long as these computers remain turned on, they will constantly mine cryptocurrencies in the  background and transfer them back to the hacker group for a quick cashout.  Yang Mobao Was The Driving Force Behind The Hacking Group  The Trojan program developers were initially found in Qingzhou, where Yang Mobao was later identified as the leader of the group. The Municipal Bureau of Network Security Detachment and Qingzhou Municipal Bureau set up a task force which arrested Mobao on March 8, at home.  During his trial, Mobao confessed to using the game plug-in to illegally access computer systems which were not his own  — reportedly, he was able to individually profit around 268,000 yuan.  Dalian ’s Executive Team Was Heavily Involved in Crypto Hacking  Shortly after, the task force found out Dalian Yuping Network Technology Co., Ltd. was behind the masterplan, orchestrated by He Mou and his wife Chen Mou, who acted as the company ’s financial director.  The task force dispatched more than 50 units to Dalian on April 11, where 16 individuals were detained  — 12 were found to be suspects of taking illegal control of other computers, including He Mou and his wife, while the remaining 4 were released on bail pending trial.  He Mou had reportedly instructed his R &D department to focus on researching and developing mining software and mining trojans, back in 2015. Once completed, the trojan was innocently released to the public who downloaded it unaware of its true purpose. All the mining proceeds were automatically sent to He Mou ’s wallet, while Chen Mou was responsible for handling payments.  Siacoin Can ’t Seem to Catch a Break as Cryptojacking Grows  It is not the first time Siacoin has been linked to a crypto hacking. You may remember  last month ’s coverage  of more than 100,000 internet kiosk computers infected with a malware. Reportedly, a network technician managed to spread the malware across 30 cities in China under the false pretense of a routine check-up.  Monero was also  illegally mined recently  using Apple MacBooks, which explains  Palo Alto Networks report  that 5% of Monero ’s total supply has been illegally mined.  Not too long ago, UK’s National Crime Agency (NCA) and the National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC)  released a cybersecurity report  in which it was concluded cryptojacking will remain as one of the biggest threats in 2018.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   “Experts” Fear China Losing 90% Control Over Bitcoin Market, Forgetting Gov’t Ban Twitter  According to  Express , the government of China has confirmed that the country’s control over the global bitcoin exchange market has fallen from 90 percent to 1 percent.  The UK publication also noted that “experts in China fear losing control” over the cryptocurrency exchange market.  Never Was 90%, Obvious Drop to 1%  The absurdity of local experts expecting a different outcome than China’s cryptocurrency trading activity dropping by a significant margin has to be highlighted, because the government of China banned cryptocurrency trading as a whole in 2017.  In early 2018, the Chinese government tightened its ban on cryptocurrency trading by requesting local banks to prevent dealing with crypto exchanges and trading platforms.  Given that it is illegal to trade cryptocurrencies in China and crypto exchanges are not permitted to operate within the region, it is illogical to expect the trading activity of the Chinese crypto exchange market to not record a major drop.  The majority of investors in China that still continued to trade cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ether subsequent to the ban imposed by the People’s Bank of China (PBoC) moved to the cryptocurrency market of Hong Kong.  The sudden move of millions of investors into what was once a minor crypto exchange market fueled crypto trading platforms in Hong Kong, leading major platforms to demonstrate a premium on the price of major digital assets.  Another false claim that the so-called local experts have made over the past week is that China had control over 90 percent of the bitcoin exchange market. Many reports in 2017 have revealed that the daily trading volumes of Chinese exchanges in early 2017 were inflated by bot trading due to no-fee trading policies that were in place.  After local exchanges were requested to implement a no-fee policy, the trading volume of bitcoin exchanges in China dropped by 80 percent, implying that China, even at its peak, really only had about 10 to 20 percent of the bitcoin exchange market.  Isn’t Chinese Government Optimistic About Crypto?  The Chinese government has openly funded blockchain projects in China, which were born and created in China. Its policy regarding cryptocurrencies and blockchain projects is nearly identical to its policy pertaining to Western social media platforms, search engines, and content sharing sites.  China banned Google, Facebook, and YouTube to allow Baidu, WeChat, and Youku to dominate the local market. Similar to that policy, China has expressed its support towards platforms like VeChain, Qtum, and up-and-coming blockchain projects that were created in China and are based within the country.  Analysts have speculated that the Chinese government had banned crypto trading to enforce strict capital controls, primarily to prevent the Chinese yuan from leaving the country. While the ban could be reversed if enough demand is created by local investors, it is unlikely that China will unban crypto trading in the near future, as its ban was never really about crypto but its  strict capital controls.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Libertarian Party Urges Trump to Pardon Silk Road Founder Ross Ulbricht Twitter  The Libertarian Party has requested President Trump grant a full pardon to  Ross Ulbricht , who is serving a life sentence with no parole possibility for his role in launching and operating the  Silk Road  website, which facilitated illegal drug trading. The party passed a resolution urging the pardon at its annual convention on July 3.  On June 28, the U.S. Supreme Court has denied Ulbricht’s petition for writ of certiorari, which prevents him from appealing his sentence before the court.  Ulbricht A Victim Of War On Drugs  “We’re opposed to the drug war in all of its forms,” Richard Fields, the press secretary of the party’s national committee, told CCN.com. “Ultimately, that’s what Ulbricht was convicted for.” Fields said the charges of attempted murder against Ulbricht were dropped prior to his trial.  In his appeal, Ulbricht ’s attorneys indicated the prosecution withheld evidence that DEA agents involved in Ulbricht ’s apprehension were convicted of malfeasance, Fields further noted.  Just recently, the Supreme Court ruled in Carpenter v. United States setting a precedent that warrantless search of Ulbricht ’s Internet traffic would not have been allowed had the case been decided prior to his trial, he added. That alone should be grounds for a pardon.  Convention Passes Pardon Resolution  Darryl Perry, chair of the Libertarian Party of New Hampshire, presented the pardon resolution at the party’s recent convention. An attendee noted that because Ulbricht’s appeal to the Supreme Court was denied the previous week, his only hope of walking out of prison a free man is via a pardon.  “We need to send a clear message now, and in two years, and in two more years we need to keep sending this message that we have a political prisoner who is serving two life sentences plus 40 years for the crime of running a website, being a libertarian and being unapologetic about doing those two things,” an attendee commented prior to the vote on the resolution, according to a   YouTube video  of the proceedings. The convention unanimously passed the resolution.  “If for some reason President Trump does not choose to accede to our resolution that we passed today, then I think that we just need to elect a libertarian president in 2020 to get this shit done,” Perry said.  Ulbricht claimed his Fourth and Sixth Amendment rights  were violated  during both the investigation and the sentencing. He also claimed law enforcement officials gathered Internet traffic information without a required warrant during the investigation. He further claimed the judge issued an unreasonable sentence that was partly based on allegations he tried to hire a hit man, for which he was never even charged.  20 Organizations Support Ulbricht  Amicus curia briefs were filed by 20 organizations  supporting Ulbricht’s petition. Supporters included the Reason Foundation, a libertarian organization, as well as the National Lawyers Guild and the Gun Owners of America.  Thomas Knapp, director and senior news analyst at the William Lloyd Garrison Center for Libertarian Advocacy Journalism, noted on the organization ’s website that Ulbricht’s trial was unfair since the defense was not provided information on the government’s investigative methods nor allowed to provide an alternative view about the identity of the Silk Road operator known as “Dread Pirate Roberts.” Nor could the defense bring up the fact that two government agents investigating Silk Road were imprisoned for their corrupt a ctivities.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ledger Sold 1 Million Crypto Hardware Wallets in 2017, Attracts Investors in Samsung and Google Twitter  Leading hardware crypto wallet manufacturer and developer Ledger sold more than 1 million hardware wallets in 2017, recording a profit of $29 million.  In an interview with Forbes, Ledger president Pascal Gauthier stated that the lack of secure platforms which users can utilize to sign transactions on the immutable public blockchain led the demand for Ledger and hardware wallets in general, to rise.  “Blockchain itself is secure, but signing on the blockchain is a flaw. If you lose the [private key], there’s no bank looking after your assets or any way to recover them,” Gauthier told Forbes.  Eyeing Another Multi-Million Dollar Funding Round  In early 2018, Ledger raised $75 million led by billionaire early stage technology investor Tim Draper and Draper Venture Network funds. The Series B funding round of Ledger was a significant boost from its previous Series A funding round that closed a $7 million investment.  After having recorded a profit last year with impressive financial results, Ledger is set to raise yet another multi-million dollar funding round this year. Already, some of the largest technology conglomerates in the world such as Samsung, Siemens and Google ’s ventures arm have viewed the financials of Ledger, with interest of investing in the company,  Forbes  revealed.  The previous Series B funding round of Ledger was mainly utilized to improve the infrastructure of Ledger and creating products targeted at retail traders and individual investors. In the future, Gauthier said that the company will focus on delivering products for large-scale institutional investors, whose entrance into the cryptocurrency sector is considered to be imminent pri marily due to the debut of Coinbase Custody.  Currently, the majority of large-scale investors holding bitcoin are using vault systems of Xapo and Coinbase to store their funds. But, requesting vaults to hold massive amounts of bitcoin still require investors to trust the operators of the vault.  The vision of Ledger in the long-term is to enable an ecosystem that will allow even large institutions to hold cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, ether, and tokens without relying on third party service providers.  “You need a Ledger Nano S solution for institutions, products that are made for big and small financial institutions,” Gauthier explained, emphasizing that clients are “queueing” outside the office of Ledger in France to buy Ledger Vault.  Increasing Demand for Hardware Wallets is Positive  In 2018, the cryptocurrency sector has seen four major hacking attacks, suffered by Coincheck, Bithumb, and Coinrail, large crypto exchanges in the Japanese and South Korean crypto market.  Coincheck for instance experienced a $500 million hacking attack, due to a simple error in the company’s decision making to store all of its funds in NEM in a hot wallet.  The fundamental purpose of cryptocurrencies as decentralized peer-to-peer financial networks is to enable anyone on a public blockchain to send and receive information securely, in a trustless manner. Rising demand for hardware wallets like the Ledger Nano S and Ledger Vault demonstrate increasing awareness of cryptocurrency investors and users on the importance of security and  non-custodial platforms.  Featured image from Ledger.  
DECREASE	   Even Elon Musk is Talking About Twitter ’s Crypto Scambot Epidemic Twitter  Scam bitcoin and ether giveaway bots have started to target the accounts of high profile figures outside of the crypto community, such as SpaceX and Tesla CEO Elon Musk, and US President Donald Trump.  Scam Bots Plague Twitter  For over a year, scam bots on Twitter have pretended to be the account owners of popular Twitter figures by copying the profile image used by big accounts. These accounts then comment on the Tweets of Twitter with fake bitcoin and ether giveaways to trick beginner users and new crypto investors.  Twitter has become unusable for many large Twitter accounts in the crypto community, because scam bots plague accounts with fake giveaways, equipped with retweets and likes bought from click and troll farms.  After having enough of the crypto scambots, Musk said:  “I want to know who is running the Etherium scambots! Mad skillz …”  Vitalik Buterin, the co-creator of Ethereum, publicly requested Jack Dorsey, the founder and CEO of Twitter, to provide a solution for the issue. Buterin also offered to have a developer from the Ethereum community to develop a layer 2 scam filtering solution for Twitter.  “I do wish Elon Musk first tweet about ethereum was about the tech rather than the twitter scambots … ….. Jack, help us please? Or someone from the ETH community make a layer 2 scam filtering solution, please?” said Buterin.   I do wish  @elonmusk 's first tweet about ethereum was about the tech rather than the twitter scambots … ….. @jack  help us please? Or someone from the ETH community make a layer 2 scam filtering solution, please?  https://t.co/biVRshZmne  — Vitalik  "Not giving away ETH " Buterin (@VitalikButerin)  July 9, 2018   Twitter Virtually Unusable For Crypto Accounts  Scam bots create threads of responses that disable crypto Twitter account users from reading the responses of legitimate users, preventing individuals on Twitter to communicate with each other in an efficient manner.  Some experts in the crypto space have said that users that do fall for crypto scam giveaways, in a way, deserve to lose their money because they have not done enough due dilligence. However, new users and casual crypto investors can easily fall for the fake giveaways and there exists no system in place to reverse transactions sent to scammers.  In March, Cornell professor Emin Gun Sirer publicly acknowledged that scam giveaways have gotten out of hand and criticized the Twitter development team for their inability to handle it. Sirer said:  “These scams are getting out of hand. Jack, Twitter, if you can’t detect this kind of brazen scam, what hope do you have of improving your platform?”  In response, Jack, offered a simple response: “We are on it.”  Fast forward four months, scam crypto giveaways on Twitter have worsened, polluting virtually every popular account in the cryptocurrency community and now, in the technology sector.  One possible solution to address fake crypto giveaways is to immediately ban accounts that have use exactly same pictures as existing accounts with similar usernames. Implementing such a solution does not require advanced technologies; simply a solution that checks the database for existing images and autonomously suspends accounts that have similar images would work.  Featured image from Flickr/ TED Conference .  
DECREASE	   Augur Network Launches Successfully after Token Migration Completes Twitter  Augur, a decentralized prediction market platform, has successfully launched after being in development for over 2 years.  As CCN  reported , Augur launched their client and initiated token migration on July 9th at 11:01 PST. The token migration involved freezing the current ERC-20 smart contract and migrating to a new one. The migration took several hours and the new contract can no longer be paused by the team.  User’s who’ve held Augur’s token (REP) before the migration can automatically claim their tokens on the new contracts. Exchanges have been requested to update the contract address and Binance has already  confirmed  that they have switched trading to the contract.  Augur is a platform for prediction markets where users can create markets for any events ranging from presidential elections to soccer matches. Once created, people can buy the shares for any of their preferred choices and once the outcome is known the trades are automatically settled on the blockchain. Augur incentivizes REP holders to make sure there’s no misinformation regar ding the real world data.  In an exclusive statement to CCN, Tom Kysar, head of operations at the Forecast Foundation stated:  “New users should check out the newly deployed Augur website (augur.net), particularly the  “Getting Started ” guide. For further experimentation, joining the Augur Discord or Reddit is a great choice as they can interact and learn from other Augur community members.”  A community member has already released a website called  Prediction.Global  which allows users to view the current markets without downloading the client. As of now FIFA-related markets seem to be the most popular markets.  Augur aims to be more than just a betting platform. Prediction markets can be a useful tool to make decisions based on crowdsourced useful knowledge. This principle can be used for governance, corporate decision making, and investments. Utilizing blockchain technology to make the whole process easily accessible and efficient would take this a step further into mainstream adopti on.  When asked about the Augur’s experience on developing this complex project over the last few years and the team’s advise for new projects and developers, Tom Kysar stated:  “My number one piece of advice for new developers who want to build and contribute to decentralized applications: prioritize security, and do not rush. Take your time to learn, implement best practices, and work with engineers/security auditors who have real experience with production smart contracts. Surround yourself with people who take this stuff seriously. Writing a dApp i s not like writing a web-app. Be cautious, and be thorough.”  In a  tweet , Joey Krug, co-founder of Augur, assured that the core developer team would be working towards fixing any bugs that arise over the next few days.  Augur raised $5.5 million dollars in 2015 and was one of the earliest ICO’s in the crypto ecosystem. It is going to very interesting to see any development on the regulatory front, given the nature of the project.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Tezos Takes The Biggest Drop Among The Billion-Dollar Coins Twitter  Since raising $232 million in a record breaking ICO a year ago, Tezos has seen its fortunes take a battering after a series of unfortunate events including embarrassing legal battles, regulatory issues, disgruntled community members and boardroom disunity. Against this backdrop, the coin, which was once heralded as a potential challenger to bitcoin with a peak token price of $1 0.51 in December 2017 has seen its price tumble to just $2.31 in July 2018.  This huge price crash  – a fall of 78 percent  – makes Tezos the biggest price loser in the same period, among the so-called  ‘billion dollar coin club ’, currently made up of 19 cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash and litecoin amongst others. Within the past week alone, Tezos has seen its price fall by as much as 69 percent, fueled by selling pressure from anxious ICO investors who have not been able to access their investments for more than a year.  Record ICO and Subsequent Troubles  CCN  reported  in July 2017 that Tezos broke existing ICO fundraising records at the time, raising $232 million on the back of a promise to be the world ’s first  “self-amending ” cryptocurrency. Things quickly went south however, with a series of public management disputes, resignations, a class action lawsuit and an indication from the SEC that the ICO would not be exempted from its  ‘Regulation D ’ reporting framework for securities.  For much of the past year, Tezos has struggled to work its way through delays and finally go live, amidst a backdrop of increasingly dissatisfied investors. From its December 2017 high of $10.51, the XTZ token price fell more than 50 percent to $4.84 in early January 2018, which mirrored the movement of the wider crypto market at the time. Prior to its official launch and excha nge listing on July 1, 2018, it traded around $4.00, but once XTZ actually went live on the Gate.io exchange, this rapidly declined to $1.99, eventually hitting a record low of $1.22 on July 6.  The explanation for this was that several ICO investors had simply grown tired of waiting to access their funds, and they took the first chance they had to sell their XTZ after waiting over a year to do so. In addition, the listing on XTZ was initially exclusive to Gate.io, resulting in relatively low transaction volume because it was not available for trade elsewhere. The effe ct of this was that a relatively small number of trades significantly skewed the asset price, a problem that could be solved by getting listed on other exchanges.  By July 8, XTZ rebounded to $2.45, a 100 percent jump in 48 hours, and it has remained roughly steady around that price since then.  Upsides for XTZ  It ’s not all doom and gloom for investors though. By July 8, XTZ rebounded to $2.45, a 100 percent jump in 48 hours, and it has remained roughly steady around that price since then. Market indicators remain generally positive for XTZ, which after going through more than one year of funds hold-out and a series of legal and market turmoils still trades at a price level significantl y higher than the token ’s ICO price. Offered at $0.47 during the ICO, the current XTZ of $2.31 represents a good 431 percent return on investment.  Despite being the worst of the billion dollar club, a good part of the price decline suffered by XTZ can be placed in the context of the wider crypto market ’s performance. Between January 2018 and July 2018, bitcoin declined 66 percent, ethereum 66 percent and litecoin 33 percent. Over the same period, XTZ declined from $6.90 to $2.31, a drop of just over 33 percent.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Delaware Awards IBM $738,000 Contract to Develop Prototype Blockchain Filing System Twitter  Delaware , in its bid to provide a good legal and regulatory environment for blockchain technology, has awarded a $738,000, single bid contract to IBM to build a prototype for a blockchain based corporate filing system for the state, according to  delawareonline.com . Delaware’s corporate franchise business contributes more than 25% of the state’s revenue.  Blockchain advocates in Delaware claim the technology’s safety will enable the state to levy higher document filing fees, and that Delaware will surpass other states in business registration activity.  Former Gov. Jack Markell told startups and investors at a New York City conference in 2016 that blockchain could free up billions of dollars by speeding up asset exchange, removing technical procedures and curtailing business risks.  IBM To Build Prototype  With the $738,000 contract, IBM will test computer code for a blockchain prototype for a future contract of a full-scale system.  Kristopher Knight, the deputy secretary of state, likened IBM’s role to that of an architect creating a skyscraper design prior to construction. The state will use the prototype to determine how the technology can help businesses registered in Delaware.  Delaware was able to provide the contract without competitive bidding since it was part of an existing consulting contract, state officials noted. Knight said the contract is important to the state’s business and IMB is a blockchain technology leader.  Knight also said governments historically introduce technology projects that eventually incur double the estimated cost due to improper planning. He said Pennsylvania has experienced “a ton” of such projects for nearly 20 years.  Journey Has Faced Setbacks  Delaware’s blockchain project has faced some challenges. Earlier this year, the state paid IBM $49,000 for consulting on a project involving a blockchain startup called Symbiont that eventually fell apart.  Symbiont CEO Mark Smith said state officials played politics by raising concerns that the blockchain filing system could impede the activities of corporate attorneys and registered agents. He said the system, built for the state archives, never launched.  Smith said Gov. John Carney’s administration was concerned about how the project would affect jobs associated with company filings.  When asked why the state awarded IBM a contract after having worked with Symbiont, Knight acknowledged the state’s working relationship with Symbiont but said his agency did not have a contract with the startup.  Should a full-scale blockchain supported corporate filing system be built, IBM will not build it, Knight said.  Markell last year signed a bill  that recognizes the trading of stocks on the blockchain after a state judge urged investors to use distributed ledger technology to protect their votes. In November, J. Travis Laster, vice chancellor, said the technology could help remove middlemen involved in shares and votes.  IBM Assumes Leadership Role  IBM recently won a $740 million contract  to build blockchain and other digital technology initiatives for Australia’s government, in addition to existing contracts with four federal agencies. Australia hopes to be one of the top three digital governments by 2025.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   MyEtherWallet Warns of [Another] Hack, Urges Hola Users to Move Funds Twitter  Popular Ethereum wallet interface and token wallet MyEtherWallet is – yet again – at the center of a significant security breach and has warned its users utilizing a popular VPN to move their funds.  MyEtherWallet (MEW) is now reeling from its second major security compromise in under three months after claiming hackers compromised Hola, a free virtual private network (VPN) service, for a five-hour period that may have left Google Chrome users’ crypto wallets compromised for merely having installed the Hola extension.  The security compromise may have enabled hackers to monitor users’ activity if they had used their MEW wallets during the time period, the company warned, urging users to move their funds out of their existing wallets – if they still have access to their tokens.  MEW said in a statement on its Twitter profile:  “Urgent! If you have Hola chrome extension installed and used MEW within the last 24 hrs, please transfer your funds immediately to a brand new account! ”  Notably, regular users who haven ’t installed the extension aren ’t impacted by the breach since the security compromise stems from Hola, a service that has been heavily scrutinized in recent years after  admitting  to using its users ’ bandwidth to create a giant botnet.   We received a report that suggest Hola chrome extension was hacked for approximately 5 hrs and the attack was logging your activity on MEW.  — MyEtherWallet.com (@myetherwallet)  July 10, 2018   The origin of the attack seems to have “appeared to be a Russian-based IP address”, MEW told TechCrunch while insisting that the wallet operator does not store any users’ credentials or personal data.  The number of users impacted by the breach isn’t immediately clear at press time.  It was only April when MEW  fell prey to a DNS hijack  that allowed a malicious hacker to redirect its users to a malicious replica of the website to phish their private keys. The hacker was able to siphon some 215 ETH (approx. $150,00 at the time) from the attack.  As suggested by CCN editor Josiah Wilmoth at the time, users are strongly advised to use browser extensions that offers safeguards against phishing scams by maintaining a blacklist of malicious websites. Two popular extensions for Chrome users are  EtherAddressLookup  and  MetaMask .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Markets Dip as Bitcoin Price Drops to Sub $6600 Levels Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets took another dip on Tuesday morning as most of the major Top 10 cryptocurrencies suffered significant losses. The  big loser across the board was EOS  which crashed by around 12% on Binance to trade at around $7.60 in mid-morning trading.   Bitcoin had appeared to be  consolidating at the $6700 level on Monday  but suddenly it dropped to around $6550 on Tuesday morning before regaining to around the $6600 level at press time.  Ethereum also ceded most of the gains it had experienced in the past few days, and dropped to around the $458 level although here the decrease was only of about 5%. Bitcoin Cash also experienced a considerable drop to settle at around the $720 level, a 4% decrease and appeared to be falling further to flirt with the $700 level as the day progressed. Ripple also dropped by a similar level of around 4% to settle at around the $0.46 level although there appears to be strong support at the $0.45 level. The recent news regarding lawsuits has probably knocked yet more shine off this cryptocurrency which continues to struggle of late. Litecoin ceded the $80 level and fell by around 7% to trade at around $78 at press time.  Currencies with smaller market caps also saw a considerable drop in their values overnight.  NEO was down by well over 10% to the $34.50 level  whilst Stellar ceded the $0.20 mark to drop below and was trading at $19 yet again after a few days beyond that figure. In NEO ’s case, all the hype regarding the recent price bounce has now dissipated into thin air. Cardano experienced a 7% drop to trade at the $0.13 level – this currency is now down by around 15% from its monthly high achieved last week. Dash also declined to well below the $230 level and was trading at around $223 at press time.  Other currencies such as IOTA, QTUM and VECHAIN also experienced steep losses. The former was hit by bad news regarding its security levels and promptly dropped to the $1 level in a decline of over 8% whilst QTUM experienced a similar 8% drop to touch the $8 level again. VCHAIN was down by around 8% to trade at $2.32 at press time. Ethereum Classic lost some of the gains it experienced in the past few days when it went against the tide and fell below the $17 level yet again or an 8% drop.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   A16z, Binance Lead $45 Million Pre-Sale for Blockchain Startup Oasis Labs  Twitter  Some of the biggest investors in the cryptocurrency space have raised $45 million in a private pre-sale financing for Oasis Labs to privacy-focused smart contracts-enabled blockchain platform.  Comprised of a team of academic heavyweights and security researchers from institutions including MIT and Berkeley, Oasis Labs  confirmed  its $45 million fundraising to develop and launch what it describes as ‘a privacy-first cloud computing [solution] on a blockchain’. This platform, the company adds, will be designed to ‘overcome performance, security and privacy limitations’ that have otherwise limited the scope of blockchain applications.  The Oasis platform aims to rival popular cloud computing platforms like Amazon Web Services by enhancing privacy and security protections while ramping up their efficiency with greater performance than current systems – ‘even for complex applications’. The startup contends the platform enables advanced privacy-sensitive services like machine learning on the blockchain.  Headed by chief executive Dawn Song, professor of computer science at UC Berkeley, the blockchain has convinced a number of prominent venture capital firms and cryptocurrency giants to back the project.  The $45 million token pre-sale was led by  Andreessen Horowitz ‘s a16z in a funding raise that included Accel,  Binance  – the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange, DCVC, Electric Capital, Foundation Capital, Pantera, Polychain and others, including Coinbase co-founder Fred Ehrsam.  “We use a combination of trusted hardware and cryptographic techniques (such as secure multiparty computation) to enable smart contracts to compute over this encrypted data, without revealing anything about the underlying data,” Song told  TechCrunch . “This is like doing computation inside a black box, which only outputs the computation result without showing what’s inside the black box.”  Following the funding round, Oasis Lab is now accepting applications from developers to access and test its private testnet blockchain.   “The next step is getting our product in the hands of developers who align with our mission and can help inform the evolution of the platform as they build applications upon it,” added Oasis Lab co-founder and CTO Raymond Cheng.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Free Coins: NEO Partners with ONT for a $40M Airdrop Twitter  NEO token holders are going to receive $40 million dollars worth of ONT tokens in a free airdrop.  NEO and ONT are both blockchain projects based out of China and have their roots tied to Onchain, a Shanghai-based blockchain R &D company. Ontology has recently launched its main network, along with projects like  TRON  and  EOS , and has migrated from being an NEP-5 token on the NEO blockchain to its own asset.  NEO Council has previously  announced  that all users who were where holding NEO on March 2nd would receive 0.1 ONT for every 1 NEO. This was announced after Ontology  stated  that they would donate 100 million ONT, 10 percent of the maximum supply, to the NEO Council for “relevant cooperation and to support NEO community feedback.”. NEO recently  announced  the second half of the airdrop where users are set to receive an additional 0.1 ONT for every 1 NEO they hold. Several users on Reddit have confirmed that they have received the airdrop over the weekend.  Users can access their free airdop on the ONT blockchain by using the same private key as NEO as detailed  here .  ONT has already airdropped 1000 ONT (about $4000) to all the users who signed up for their mailing list and completed the KYC requirements earlier this year. In a blog  post  back in March, they stated that they would allocate 53.75% of the circulating supply for various partnerships and developments. Most of these proportions went towards community and ecosystem development.  As CCN  reported , NEO, widely dubbed as the Ethereum of China, has recently announced that it would enter a new “era of decentralization”. NEO has loosened its restrictions allowing other groups to run network nodes. This announcement saw a spike in the trading price of NEO. However, NEO is still going to be in charge of electing consensus nodes and the claims of “decentralization” have since  been met with skepticism.  Airdrops among blockchain projects have seen a significant momentum in volume over the last few years. Projects believe that airdrops enable access to a larger crowd and help spread awareness about the project. However, this is not a new practice by any means. Every major project from Bitcoin to Dogecoin have all had free faucets to allow users to own and experiment with crypto currencies.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   $22 Billion Wiped Out of Crypto Market in 24 Hours as Bitcoin Drops Under $6,400 Twitter  The valuation of the crypto market has dropped by $20 billion over the past 24 hours, as bitcoin dropped to $6,400.  Since early morning, the crypto market recorded a steep fall from $274 billion to $252 billion, demonstrating a 7 percent decline in value. The drop of bitcoin from $6,700 to $6,400 caused other major digital assets and small tokens to experience intensified movements on the downside.  Bitcoin 5% Loss, Ether 10% Drop  While bitcoin lost 5 percent of its value, the price of ether, the native cryptocurrency of the Ethereum blockchain protocol, dropped by more than 10 percent. On July 9, the price of ether hovered at around $480. Over the last 12 hours, the price of ether dropped to $430, dragging tokens and small cryptocurrencies with it.   Yesterday, CCN  reported  that a fall to the lower end of $6,000 is inevitable due to the low volume of bitcoin and other major digital asses. CCN’s crypto market report on July 9  read :  “Generally, high profile investors and experts in the cryptocurrency sector believe that a surge beyond the current all-time high of BTC at $20,000 by the end of 2018 is highly likely, but another fall below the $6,000 mark is inevitable.”  Last week, the volume of bitcoin slightly recovered to around $5 billion, after dipping below the $3.5 billion mark. This week, the volume of bitcoin dropped back down to $3.9 billion, while the volume of Tether rose from $1.6 billion to $3 billion.  Often, a spike in the volume of Tether (USDT), a stablecoin whose value is hedged to that of the US dollar, signifies extreme volatility in the crypto market and the movement of traders from major digital assets to fiat currencies out of concerns that the market will continue to fall in the short-term.  In the upcoming days, if the price of bitcoin fails to immediately rebound to the $6,700 in the next 24 hours, a drop to $6,000 is highly likely. Already, tokens like Ziliqa, Aion, ICON, 0x, and Aelf, which recorded strong gains against both bitcoin and the US dollar throughout this year, have started to fall by large margins.  Hola Chrome Extension Tracks MyEtherWallet Users  Any negative news in a bear cycle can intensify the movement of a major digital asset or token on the downside. MyEtherWallet, a popular open-source cryptocurrency wallet that supports ether and the ERC20 token standard, reported that the Hola chrome extension was hacked, logging user activity on MEW.  “If you have Hola chrome extension installed and used MEW within the last 24 hrs, please transfer your funds immediately to a brand new account. We received a report that suggest Hola chrome extension was hacked for approximately 5 hrs and the attack was logging your activity on MEW,” the MyEtherWallet team reported.  The MEW-Hola case likely did not have a major impact on the price of ether. But, in a downward trend, negative news tend to worsen the drop of cryptocurrencies.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘The Biggest Risk we Face Today is Regulation’: Senior Ripple Executive Twitter  The senior vice president of product at  Ripple , Asheesh Birla, has revealed that the biggest risk the company faces today is regulation.  As a result, Ripple is putting together a large regulatory team charged with the responsibility of ensuring that the next wave of clients that the startup wins are not hindered by regulatory bottlenecks.  “We are going around the world making sure that for the next 1,000 customers that we want to bring on… which we think we can do in the next two years … that regulation is not going to be an issue,”  said  Birla during a panel session dubbed ‘Scaling and Digital Disruption in Fintech’ that was organized by the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton Scale School.  Is XRP a Security or Not?  One of the regulatory uncertainties that Ripple is currently grappling with is whether it should be classified as a security or not. While the  U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  has clarified that Ethereum and Bitcoin are not securities, the same treatment has not been accorded XRP. However, the company has insisted that it is not a security and as  reported by CCN  last month, Ripple Labs CEO  Brad Garlinghouse  has gone to great pains to emphasize the company’s view.  “I think it’s really clear that XRP is not a security. XRP exists independent of Ripple and it would operate even if Ripple Labs failed. I don’t think that our ownership of XRP gives us control. Saudi Arabia owns a lot of oil that doesn’t give them control of oil,” Garlinghouse was quoted as saying late last month.  Fear of the Unknown  During the ‘Scaling and Digital Disruption in Fintech’ panel session, Birla pointed out that the reason most countries across the globe were taking a conservative approach with regards to cryptocurrencies was that the sector is relatively new.  And while he acknowledged that cryptocurrencies held a transformative potential on the world, Birla termed what Ripple was doing as more of ‘reshuffling the world order a little bit’ rather than disrupting banks. Per Birla, Ripple’s technology will assist smaller financial institutions to better compete with the bigger ones.  Mainstream Tech Firms More Competitive Recruiters  In the same Wharton Scale School event, Birla also revealed that due to the fact that  fintech  startups such as Ripple were not offering as competitive a compensation package as the mainstream Silicon Valley tech firms, it was difficult to attract and retain talent.  However, the situation is better now compared to five years ago when blockchain and cryptocurrencies had not gained as much attention as is currently the case. Consequently, the caliber of talent that Ripple is now able to hire is better than was previously the case. Ripple is also in a better position of poaching from established  Silicon Valley  tech giants.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Traders of Alleged $1.4 Million Illegal Stock Sale of Blockchain Firm Settle with SEC Twitter  The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has reached a settlement with two men charged with profiting from illegal sales of stock related to a company claiming to be involved in blockchain technology.  In pressing those  charges  earlier this month, the SEC claimed attorney T.J. Jesky and his law firm’s business manager Mark F.DeStefano made approximately $1.4 million by selling shares in Hong Kong-based UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd., over a 10-day period from December 26, 2017 to January 5, 2018.  The two Nevada men are accused of selling 72,000 restricted shares at inflated rates ranging from $21.12 to $48.40 after they initially received those shares with the permission to sell them at a fixed price of $3,70 per unit under the terms of the agreement. The SEC, citing concerns in the accuracy of the company’s public filings and the suspicious market activity, moved to su spend trading of the UBI Blockchain stock on January 5.  “This case is a prime example of why the SEC has warned retail investors to be cautious before buying stock in companies that suddenly claim to have a blockchain business,” Robert A. Cohen, Chief of the SEC Enforcement Division’s Cyber Unit, said at the time.  With an  update , the SEC has now revealed that both Nevada men have “without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC complaint”, agreed to return the $1.4 million of their alleged ill-gotten gains. The two men will also be subject to permanent injunctions and will also pay $188,682 in civil penalties, the SEC said.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Crypto ETF Rejection Sends Bitcoin Price Below $8,000  Twitter  Within hours that the SEC announced that it has rejected a proposed bitcoin ETF submitted by the Winklevoss Twins, the bitcoin price dipped below the $8,000 mark and is now currently teetering back and forth across that psychologically-significant level. CCN  reported  on the breaking ETF announcement earlier today.   About the ETF  The  announcement  comes after the SEC reviewed the application a second time, following an appeal from Gemini co-founders Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss. The SEC also opened up a fresh round  of public comment for this second review. The initial application was rejected on March 10, 2017.  The Winklevoss ’ modified parts of the application the SEC highlighted as problematic during the first review. The SEC performed a complete  “de novo ” review with the revised application, meaning the regulators treated it like a brand new application.  Reasoning Behind the Rejection  The Bats Exchange ETF, with the ticker symbol BXZ, was one of the first to submit an application to the SEC in 2017. When deciding on whether to accept a new ETF or alternative investment, the SEC follows Exchange Act Section 6(b)(5).  The main points from this regulation that the SEC considered for the BXZ ETF was whether the exchange had the ability  “to prevent fraudulent and manipulative acts and practices” and “to protect investors and the public interest.”  As CCN  reported , regulators launched an investigation in May on whether bitcoin price movement was manipulated.  The points of contention, according to the SEC, was that bitcoin did not provide the safety against manipulation as an asset class and that the technology did not provide adequate tools for preventing fraud and money laundering. The complexities of blockchain technology required a rule modification to the Securities Exchange Act. The burden of evidence for a rule change fell on the applicants.  The Winklevoss ’ Arguments Made a Strong Case  To combat the SEC ’s comments on the first rejected, the new application stated:  “The geographically diverse and continuous nature of bitcoin trading makes it difficult and prohibitively costly to manipulate the price of bitcoin”13—and that therefore the bitcoin market “generally is less susceptible to manipulation than the equity, fixed income, and commodity futures markets. ”  The applicants also argued that the SEC has relied too much on surveillance agreements on other ETFs that they approved in the past.  The SEC didn ’t buy it, however. They argued that the  “surveillance-sharing agreement ” is a necessary protection against fraud and manipulation. Bitcoin, as an underlying asset class, does not have sufficient surveillance built in to prevent fraud. Though the SEC didn ’t state this was a requirement, it didn ’t leave many other options, especially considering that the asset class is, in some respects, designed to avoid surveillance  — or at least give users tools with which they can do so.  The SEC, nevertheless, struck a somewhat-hopeful tone, stating bitcoin market regulations are still in early phases and they are watching bitcoin derivative markets to keep tabs on their popularity.  The announcement stated that the SEC is open to future applications that have sufficient modifications to support the surveillance agreement. As CCN  reported , the CBOE exchange submitted an application earlier this month and it is still under review. Since CBOE is a major player in futures exchanges and has close ties with regulators, their application perhaps assuages fraud fears better.  Featured image from Shutterstock. Charts from  TradingView .  
DECREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Slides After SEC Rejects Winklevoss ETF Twitter  The bitcoin price careened back toward $8,000 on Thursday after the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rejected the Winklevoss twins ’ second attempt to create a bitcoin ETF and list it on a regulated stock exchange.  The  bitcoin price  had entered the evening trading at approximately $8,300, a mark it managed to hold until shortly after 20:30 UTC. At that point, the floor appeared to disappear from under the flagship cryptocurrency ’s feet, and it quickly posted a several-hundred-dollar decline. The bitcoin price briefly sunk below $8,100, though it has since recovered to a present value of $8,117.  BTC/USD | Bitfinex  The decline correlated with the news, revealed  public SEC documents , that the agency had denied an application filed by Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, prolific bitcoin investors and founders of cryptocurrency exchange Gemini, to launch an exchange-traded fund (ETF) product that tracks the price of bitcoin.  The denial marked the second time that the SEC had thwarted a Winklevoss-led attempt to create a  bitcoin ETF , and also cast doubt on whether the agency will be willing to approve any of the manifold other cryptocurrency ETF applications that are currently undergoing review by SEC officials.  Many analysts had said that the recent bitcoin price rally was an indication that traders had priced in a bitcoin ETF approval, an event that now appears more unlikely. This ultimately raises the question of whether we will see bitcoin once again test the $8,000 mark and perhaps drop back below it.  Developing …  Featured image from Flickr/ TechCrunch . Charts from  TradingView .  
DECREASE	   EOS Block Producers Vote to Raise RAM Supply to Lower Cost of Running dApps Twitter  Opening an account on the EOS network might soon no longer require you to break the bank, thanks to a new proposal that has been activated on the fifth-largest cryptocurrency’s network.  On Thursday, block producers  — the organizations that validate transactions and enforce the rules for the  EOS network   — voted to double the network’s supply of RAM, the resource that developers must purchase (with EOS tokens) to run applications on the blockchain platform.  The price of RAM is determined by supply and demand, making the network a playground for speculators. RAM prices have spiraled out of control at several points since the network’s launch in June, making it expensive for developers to deploy  decentralized applications  (dApps) and for new users to create accounts.  The RAM price floats according to supply and demand, making it a playground for speculators. | Source: MarketstackD  At one point, the RAM price cracked the 900 EOS/MB threshold, meaning that  — at the present exchange rate  — 1MB of this resource was worth more than $7,700. Opening a new EOS account requires roughly 4kb of RAM, pegging the cost of onboarding a new user into the ecosystem at approximately 3.5 EOS or $30.15.  Prices pulled back significantly from that mark over the past several weeks, but users have still regularly found themselves paying $10 or more just to open a new EOS account, a fee that many complained is unsustainable if EOS truly hopes to become the most widely-used blockchain.  As a hedge against speculators crowding out developers, block producers have the authority to vote to add new RAM to the network, which they have now done for the first time. Prior to the upgrade, the EOS network had a RAM capacity of 64GB. Now, that capacity will increase by 1kb per block (~120kb per minute) until it reaches 128GB.  At the time of writing, 15 of the 21 active block producers had approved the resolution while the other six organizations, including cryptocurrency exchanges Bitfinex and Huobi, had abstained from voting. However, just 15 votes were needed to pass the resolution, and it has already gone into effect.  Perhaps due to a consensus that the proposal would pass, the RAM price has declined significantly over the past several days. At present, it is valued at 260 EOS/MB (~$2,250), according to  MarketstackD . The EOS token itself, meanwhile, is valued at $8.59 per unit with a circulating market cap of $7.7 billion.  Featured Image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Google Removes MetaMask from Chrome Extension Store Twitter  Google has abruptly removed MetaMask from the Chrome Extension store without any explanation. The Dapp browser extension has been unceremoniously removed from the Android and Chrome marketplace with no indication as to why, and if or when it will be restored.  MetaMask made the announcement on its Twitter handle on Wednesday July 25 in a tweet that read:  “PSA: MetaMask has been delisted from the Chrome Web Store. We are unsure of why this is the case and we will update everyone as we get more information. All other browsers are unaffected.”   PSA: MetaMask has been delisted from the Chrome Web Store. We are unsure of why this is the case and we will update everyone as we get more information. All other browsers are unaffected.  — MetaMask (@metamask_io)  July 25, 2018   Bad News For Ethereum Users  Currently, MetaMask plays an extrmely vital role in the mainstreaming of Ethereum, as it provides an interface between conventional web browsers and decentralised networks. Using MetaMask, users can access Ethereum DApps in their browsers with no need to run a full blockchain node.  Until Ethereum and other decentralized frameworks attain widespread adoption, such interfaces remain perhaps the most important part of the present Ethereum experience.  The sudden and unexplained delisting by the Google Chrome web store will make it more difficult for chrome users who do not already have the extension installed to access Ethereum Dapps, which could have a negative effect on the continued adoption of Ethereum.  For the time being other well known browsers than can run MetaMask, including Mozilla Firefox, Opera and Brave are not affected by the purge.  Speaking on Twitter, MetaMask expressed cautious optimism abut resolving the situation quickly, informing existing MetaMask users that the service should still work fine for the time being.   This would only affect new users on Chrome short-term as they would not be able to install it. Hopefully this resolves before we push up an update, which we would need a store listing (to our knowledge) to make happen.  — MetaMask (@metamask_io)  July 25, 2018   As to whether this will continue going forward, there is still no indication yet, but MetaMask hopes that it will be able to reach out to Google and resolve the issue quickly.   While  @googlechrome  has taken MetaMask down from their  @ChromeDev  store without notice or explanation, users can still install MetaMask manually on Chrome by following this guide. Note:  @brave ,  @firefox , and  @opera  stores are all working fine! https://t.co/11ElxRgjDL  — MetaMask (@metamask_io)  July 25, 2018   In the meantime, MetaMask users have been taking to Twitter to voice their displeasure and speculations about the ongoing situation.  Some have speculated that the delisting is a simple mistake caused by an overzealous keyword function.   Chrome has banned crypto mining addons. They are probably using an automated system that banned Metamask based on keywords that are similar to those in mining addons.  — The Cryptophiliac (@thecryptophilia)  July 25, 2018   Others have reacted with rage against Google, suggesting that the situation presents a perfect opportunity to migrate from Chrome to other browsers such as Brave.   Bye bye chrome, hello Brave. Bye bye google, hello Presearch. Bye bye instagram , hello Lit  — Ignasi Palazuelos (@IgnasiBCN)  July 25, 2018   Amidst all this, both MetaMask and Augur have pointed out that fraudsters are looking to take advantage of the chaos by placing phishing apps on the Android store which impersonate MetaMask.  https://twitter.com/AugurProject/status/1022186967432192000  For now, no one can say for sure what the issue is, least of all MetaMask itself. Whether MetaMak is suffering a minor developer hiccup as speculated by some users, or it is the victim of a more permanent reorganization by Google remains to be seen.  CCN will bring more updates as they become available.  
DECREASE	   Iran Inches Closer to National Cryptocurrency in Plan to Evade US Sanctions Twitter  Iran is preparing to launch its own “indigenous” state cryptocurrency that authorities envision will help the country circumvent the latest economic sanctions enforced by U.S. President Donald Trump.  According to Iran’s state-affiliated news outlet  Press TV , domestic authorities have already initiated “a plan to create an indigenous cryptocurrency” that will function both as a domestic currency and an international settlement token for global trade and commerce while evading western financial sanctions.  The noteworthy announcement was made by Alireza Daliri, the deputy for management and investment affairs at Iran’s Directorate for Scientific and Technological Affairs of the Presidential Office, this week.  Daliri notably revealed that the initiative is being developed in cooperation with the Central Bank of Iran (CBI). The effort will see the cryptocurrency fundamentally pegged to Iran’s national currency, the rial, in the form of a digital token. The cryptocurrency will also be used to settle interbank settlements in financial transactions between banks domestically alongside its intended use for cross-border transactions without any reliance on the SWIFT-led global financial system.  The Iranian official was quoted as stating:  “We are trying to prepare the grounds to use a domestic digital currency in the country. This currency would facilitate the transfer of money [to and from] anywhere in the world. Besides, it can help us at the time of sanctions. ”  According to Iranian media, the government is also looking at integrating blockchain technology within the domestic banking system over the next three months wherein the tokenized cryptocurrency will facilitate financial transactions among commercial banks connected together on a decentralized ledger.  Iran is already in the process of developing a cryptocurrency to evade Trump ’s financial sanctions.  As  reported  by CCN in February, Iran’s minister of Information and Communications Technology (ICT) Mohammad-Javad Azari Jahromi publicly revealed a concentrated effort toward exploring a state cryptocurrency. In May, the government official confirmed the state’s crypto initiative was being led by the Post Bank of Iran, a state-owned bank, in association with the country’s central bank, adding at the time that  an experimental model was already ready .  Iran is no stranger to U.S. financial sanctions after suffering a banking blackout from global payments rail SWIFT in 2012. The blockade lasted four years until Tehran gained relief in 2016 following former U.S. President Obama’s nuclear accord, a deal that has since been overturned by Trump.  Iran’s agenda to develop its own national cryptocurrency takes a cue from Venezuela’s “ petro ”, an oil-backed cryptocurrency that became the world’s first state crypto following  its launch  earlier this year. Unveiled by Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro in December, the cryptocurrency – which has proved  controversial  – was announced as a means to “ overcome the financial blockade ” led the United States, according to Maduro.  A month after its launch, U.S. President Trump  banned  all citizens and residents from adopting or trading the petro in an executive order. Adding to the political intrigue, perennial U.S. foe Russia has been  alleged  to have helped Venezuela develop the petro, a claim the Kremlin  denies .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Mastercard CEO Attacks Cryptocurrencies Again, Branding them ‘Junk’ Twitter  The president and CEO of  Mastercard , Ajay Banga, has used the J-word again.  Speaking in New York, Banga termed cryptocurrencies ‘junk’ arguing that the factors that made them unqualified to be mediums of exchange included their anonymous nature and the wild fluctuations they experienced.  “I think cryptocurrency is junk….The idea of an anonymized currency produced by people who have to mine it, the value of which can fluctuate wildly  – that to me is not the way that any medium of exchange deserves to be considered a medium of exchange,” CNBC TV 18 reported  Banga as having  said .  Banga was responding to a question on cryptocurrencies asked during the ‘New India Lecture’ that was organized by the Indian Consulate in the Big Apple.  During the same event, Banga rehashed the criticisms that are constantly being thrown at cryptocurrencies including the prevalent use of digital assets to conduct transactions on the dark web. The Mastercard chief executive also brought up the case of the  12 Russian military intelligence officers  who were recently indicted by the U.S. Department of Justice over their efforts to meddle in the country’s elections, with Banga citing the use of bitcoin by the Russians.  This is not Banga’s first time to attack cryptocurrencies. Last year in October, as CCN reported, the India-born CEO of the US financial services giant said that all ‘non-government mandated’  digital currencies were ‘junk ’.  All for Centralized Cryptocurrencies  At the same time, however, Banga expressed Mastercard’s willingness to accept a digital currency mandated or developed by a central bank saying that ‘government mandated digital currencies are interesting’.  “If the government creates digital currency, we will find a way to be in the game. We will provide rails for moving currency from customer to merchant. The government mandated digital currencies are interesting. Non-government mandated currency is junk, ” Banga was quoted as saying at the time.  Mastercard’s willingness to embrace digital currencies that are backed by the state and issued by central banks was also touted by the company’s  Asia-Pacific co-president, Ari Sarker , earlier this year.  Leading Filer of Blockchain Patents  Despite the dismissive stance Mastercard has adopted against decentralized cryptocurrencies, the second-largest payments firm in the world is heavily involved in the research and development of blockchain technologies. From data that was collated from the World Intellectual Property Organisation, the Financial Times  reported  in March this year that Mastercard had emerged as the most active filer of blockchain patents in the period between 2012 and 2017 having filed 25 patents.  This year alone, some of the blockchain patents that Mastercard has filed or been awarded have included inventions such as a blockchain-based  coupon authentication system  and a travel itinerary  bidding system . Just last week, Mastercard won a patent that would allow the linking of cryptocurrency with fiat currency accounts and thus potentially making it possible to use  cryptocurrency to make everyday purchases , with the added convenience of debit and credit cards.  Featured image from Flickr/ World Economic Forum .  
DECREASE	   Tron Completes Bittorrent Acquisition after Several Fits and Starts Twitter  TRON has finally concluded its protracted takeover of fallen peer-to-peer giant BitTorrent.  An  announcement  on the official BitTorrent website revealed that BitTorrent will now operate from the new TRON San Francisco office, which will now host the company ’s global expansion efforts.  An excerpt from the announcement reads:  “We are excited to announce that  TRON  has officially closed its acquisition of BitTorrent. BitTorrent has more than 100 million active users worldwide, and has one of the top-rated apps on Google Play and other products, including BitTorrent Play (iOS), uTorrent Web, and desktop clients for PC and Mac. The division will provide robust support for TRON’s global business development and partnerships, while pursuing  its vision for the world’s largest decentralized ecosystem. ”  Will They, Won ’t They  CCN earlier  reported  that the deal meandered through several twists and turns involving speculation, broken agreements and a lawsuit filed by TRON founder  Justin Sun  against BitTorrent, which change its name to Rainberry in the course of one of several failed rebranding efforts.  According to reports, the saga began Sun sending a Letter of Intent to acquire Rainberry. This letter had a  “no shop ” clause inserted into it, which meant that for the duration of the letter ’s validity, Rainberry was not allowed to discuss with any other potential investors or negotiate any other takeover deals.  Rainberry apparently violated the clause, leading Sun to sue the company for breach of agreement. Surprisingly to market observers, Sun registered a company called  “Rainberry Acquisition Inc. ” on the same day the Letter of Intent expired.  In what seemed like a move against all odds, Rainberry Acquisition Inc. and Rainberry Inc. eventually filed for a merger with the California Secretary of State, which was the strongest indication to date that the two companies had successfully merged. Little word has come out about the deal until today ’s announcement, which will doubtless come as a huge boost for TRON as it embarks on its mission to construct a decentralized internet.  What ’s In It For Both Parties  With this move, TRON has finally got its hands on its most prized target  – BitTorrent ’s proprietary peer-to-peer technology. While this technology initially gained prominence for media file sharing which has since slumped heavily in popularity, it provides a key piece of the puzzle for TRON to build out its idea of a completely decentralized internet based on peer-to-peer connections.  BitTorrent, on the other hand, finally gets a way out of a nightmare death spiral that has seen it launch failed enterprise after failed enterprise while hemorrhaging money and talent. For the over 100 million people around the world that still use BitTorrent, there is also the chance to enhance its services by joining the TRON network and exploring the possibilities of decentr alized communication beyond illegal file sharing.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Malta Regulator Opens Consultation after Publishing Cryptocurrency, Blockchain Bills Twitter  The Malta Financial Services Authority is currently involved in a consultation exercise to ensure that all stakeholders are well informed on what the three blockchain and crypto laws that were passed recently, entail.  Reports in the local media have interpreted this situation as a stalling on the MFSA’s part but this is quite a normal procedure according to sources in the industry who spoke to CCN.  Speaking to CCN, Joseph F Borg, a senior partner at WF Partners explained that this was the usual manner in which laws in the financial services sector were enacted.  He stated:  “Although the laws where published last week, they are expected to come into force in October of this year. This will give time for industry players to adjust accordingly to benefit from the transitory provisions as well as well as the authorities to cater the large amount of applications that will be submitted in the first few months”.  The MFSA has told the blockchain sector to wait because although the laws have been passed, they are not yet in force. Although the three crypto and blockchain bills were  passed into law  on Friday 20th July, consultations with the MFSA are still ongoing for these bills to actually become law. In fact, the MFSA, the Malta Financial Services Authority, said that the framework for these laws was still in a creation phase.  It has been announced, however, that the laws will become effective on 1st. October. MFSA advised the operators to wait for a public announcement from the authority before sending requests for approvals and authorizations. Earlier this month, Maltese MPs passed the Virtual Financial Assets Act. This is one of the three bills which is focused on introducing regulation for the bl ockchain sector.  Malta has arguably become the first country in the world to develop a regulatory system which is custom made for blockchain-based businesses. The MFSA is still consulting with various service providers and is expected to publish a Rule Book by the end of the month.  The VFA Act introduced a new regulatory body which will be responsible for overseeing the sector, the Malta Digital Innovation Authority Act (MDIA) and the Innovative Technology Arrangement and Services Act. (ITAS) The Maltese Parliament has been instrumental in introducing a ‘financial instrument test’ which determines whether a DLT asset qualifies as electronic money, s finan cial instrument, a virtual financial asset or a virtual token ’.  The MDIA Act is responsible for the certification and supervision of technology arrangements (which include DLT platforms) and related service providers who apply voluntarily for registration under the Innovative Technology Arrangements and Service Act.  Publication of the laws in the government gazette has to wait until regulators have developed a framework underlying the VFA Act. The MFSA, in the meantime, has been busy gathering stakeholder opinions on regulations. These range from exemptions to fees and administrative penalties which are related to the VFA Act. The consultation period ends on Friday 27th July. Once these co nsultation periods are over, the MFSA will then be issuing final rules and regulations for the VFA Act.  Featured image of Malta from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Binance Partners Malta Presidency to Launch the Blockchain Charity Foundation Twitter  The  blockchain story in Malta  continues unabated with yet another announcement in relation to the sector, this time on the charity front.  Binance, one of the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchanges by daily trading volume and  a marked presence  in Malta, has teamed up with the President’s Trust to create the Blockchain Charity Foundation.  This foundation which was announced through an MOU signing ceremony, will supposedly use the technology that underlies cryptocurrencies to ‘empower vulnerable communities and enhance transparency in charitable work.  The said Memorandum of Understanding was signed with Helen Hai, a goodwill ambassador of the United Nations Industrial Development Organization, Maltese President, H.E. Marie Louise Coleiro Preca and Dr. Michael Bianchi, a trustee of the President’s Trust at the Presidential Palace in Balzan, Malta.  Speaking during the signing of the MOU, Dr. Michael Bianchi  who is also involved in the world’s first crypto bank , said that the foundation should empower socially disadvantaged people and would be changing the face of charity work in the coming years.  “We are very happy to be starting a collaboration with Blockchain Charity Foundation enabling the use of blockchain technology to provide a social and economic impact. This is a world first and will have a major impact on how social issues and charity work is done in future years.”  Binance, has been a prominent supporter of “blockchain for social good,” the mandate of its new Blockchain Charity Foundation.  Hai, who was appointed to head the foundation earlier this month, was considered to be best positioned for the job due to her experience in developmental economics. She reiterated that the Blockchain Charity Foundation would be addressing the most pressing social issues globally, in attempts to contribute towards reaching the UN Agenda 2030 and its sustainable development goals .  The key objectives of the MOU are as follows:  To advocate about blockchain technology and its application to address issues of sustainability in a humanitarian and environmental setting to empower, especially youth and children. To improve public awareness of the comprehensive usage of blockchain and its impact on society and economy. Jointly establish a work force targeting local and regional issues by implementing pilot projects and other initiatives with a blockchain technology component.  President Coleiro Preca was invited to chair the Foundation’s Senior Advisory Board. Preca, along with other heads of state, will strategically advise the management and give direction to the new charity foundation.  “I am truly pleased that we have come to the signing of this Memorandum of Understanding with the Blockchain Charity Foundation. This foundation, the first of its kind in the world, will develop humanitarian projects to effectively address the United Nations Agenda 2030 and its Sustainable Development Goals. Through this agreement, The President’s Trust and the Blockchain Chari ty Foundation will aim to develop socio-economic projects in Malta, to address social challenges. Moreover, Blockchain technology will be used to increase efficiency, transparency and to measure the social impact of the respective projects.”, the President added.  Maltese president image from Flickr/ UNIDO .  
DECREASE	   CFTC Does Not Regulate Retail Crypto Markets: Chairman Chris Giancarlo Twitter  The United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Commissioner J. Christopher Giancarlo has stated that the agency ’s primary remit is not to exercise regulatory jurisdiction over cryptocurrency trading markets and other cash markets, but to deal with fraud and compliance in large futures markets.  He made this comment while responding to a question from Rep. Stacey Plaskett (D-VI) during a hearing with the House Agricultural Committee held on Wednesday  The hearing, which was convened to examine the CFTC ’s upcoming agenda, featured a number of questions from committee members on the subjects of  cryptocurrency market regulation  and blockchain technology adoption.  ‘Four Years Behind ’  Responding to another question, Giancarlo revealed that a consortium of the world ’s six biggest banks had approached the  CFTC  in the course of building a prototype blockchain system for trading credit default swaps and making bank payments. They offered the CFTC  an opportunity to be a part of the concept by designing a regulatory node for the commission to control, but, unfortunately, this was classified as a gift, which the CFTC Act prohibits.  Going further, he stated that the commission cannot build out its own  blockchain framework  because doing that would require funding that has to pass through an appropriation process. As a result of this and other factors he said, the commission is falling behind its contemporaries in terms of understanding blockchain technology.  In his words:  “We ’re falling behind. The Bank of England has announced a new blockchain compliant payment settlement system. We ’re 4 years behind. We need to test and understand it and know how to work it as a regulator before coming to Congress.  …Using subpoenas to get information from blockchain finance industry I think is the wrong way to go about it. I think cooperation is the way forward. ”  In response to a question from Rep. Plaskett regarding whether the CFTC needs Congress to grant it expanded jurisdiction to properly oversee the crypto market, Giancarlo stated that though the commission has fraud jurisdiction, it has no authority over things like cryptocurrency exchange platform standards for registering accounts and so on.  He explained:  “It is not the historical role of the CFTC to play this type of role in cash markets. It is not my place to advocate for expanded jurisdiction. There may come a time for the govt to step, but the question is when is the time. The total value of crypto market is probably less than one big publicly traded company so it ’s not a big market. [I think] we should follow the regulation template of the early internet which was  ‘first, do no harm.' ”  CFTC Doesn ’t Police Retail Market  Source: Shutterstock  Going further, the Commissioners also stated that the CFTC does not primarily regulate retail markets like  bitcoin .  According to him, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has more experience in that area, and even though the CFTC  regularly sends out advisories  on crypto investment, it would be best to proceed  “smartly but deliberately. ” Over the next few years he said, the development of the market will make it clear exactly where jurisdiction will go.  Concluding, Giancarlo noted that for all the attention cryptos are getting, they still remain, at least in the larger scheme of things, a small market. He opined that the CFTC necessarily places more priority on markets with trillions of dollars in capitalization.  In order to bridge the four-year gap in blockchain knowledge, he said, the CFTC needs to make the jump from human-based analog data analysis to automated big data analysis, a process which takes time and money. Overall, in his opinion, the CFTC is doing a good job of delivering on its mandate.  “Some people out there in the Twitter space would make it seem like there is some great deal of confusion, but I think we have been very effective, ” he concluded.  “We are moving at a pace that is reasonable for an asset class that is developing rapidly but still very small. We are facing up to the challenge as these asset classes morph and change constantly, but I think we are on it. ”  Update 7/26:  A previous version of this article incorrectly attributed statements from Rep. Stacey Plaskett to Rep. Alma Adams, who was not present at the hearing.  Featured Image from YouTube  
DECREASE	   Novgratz-Led Cryptocurrency Bank Lost More than $130 Million in Q1 Twitter  To say that Galaxy Digital, the cryptocurrency merchant bank founded by billionaire hedge fund manager Mike Novogratz, had a disappointing first quarter would be an understatement.  The firm, billed as the “ Goldman Sachs of Crypto ,” lost more than $130 million during the first three months of the year, a product of a bear market that wiped hundreds of billions of dollars off the nominal value of the cryptocurrency industry.  According to Galaxy Digital’s  audited financial statements , released on Thursday as a requirement of its planned public listing on the Toronto-based TSX Venture Exchange (TSX-V), the firm posted realized and unrealized net losses totaling $134 million, losses which were spread across its range of cryptocurrency and equity investments.  Such dismal returns are not isolated to Novogratz’s venture. Cryptocurrency hedge funds, some of whom raked in profits in excess of 25,000 percent in 2017,  struggled just to stay afloat  during the first few months of 2018  — much less provide investors with a positive return.  Novogratz, who contributed $302 million of his own capital to help get the venture up and running  — more than the $242 million contributed by all other investors combined  — struck a positive tone about the firm’s outlook, despite the massive first-quarter loss.  “I am very proud of the progress that we have made since the beginning of the year, ” Novogratz said in a statement.  “We have assembled a world-class team with deep institutional knowledge and expertise and have also made significant strides in scaling our four core business lines. I have complete confidence in our team ’s ability to continue driving growth and believe the Company is strategically positioned to help further institutionalize the digital assets and blockchain technology industry. ”  As CCN  reported , Novogratz has pulled back from his 2017 prediction that the cryptocurrency market cap would reach $2 trillion in 2018 but said recently that he still believes the market will hit $800 billion  — a return to its January peak  — within 12 months. Prior to this happening, he said, the industry will need to see mainstream financial institutions such as Goldman Sachs begin offering custody solutions for cryptoassets, as he does not believe institutional investors will ever feel comfortable with products from blockchain companies such as Coinbase and BitGo.  Featured Image from YouTube/Bloomberg  
DECREASE	   Most Complex dApp on Ethereum Already Has Millions of Dollars at Stake Twitter  Augur, which its co-founder Joey Krug previously described as the most complex decentralized application (dApp) on the Ethereum blockchain, has surpassed a million dollars at stake and demonstrated a rapid growth rate over the past few weeks.  Future of Decentralized Betting  In essence,  Augur  is a decentralized betting platform that exists on the  Ethereum  network. Because it utilizes smart contracts to autonomously settle bets and payout users, users can practically bet on any subject, topic, or an event.  Since its launch in mid-July, the decentralized prediction platform has demonstrated a rapid rate of growth, portrayed by the increase in its user base, daily volume, and the amount at stake on the platform.  As of July 25, according to the data provided by Predictions.Global, a platform which allows Augur users to view various prediction markets on the Augur network, nearly $1.5 million are at stake on the Augur prediction market. The three largest bets on the Augur network accounted for nearly 80 percent of the ether at stake, which are:  Will price of Ethereum exceed $500 at the end of 2018? ($685,000 at stake, biggest bet) Will REP token trade above $32 at the end of 2018? ($479,115.72 at stake) Will the Ethereum (ETH) marketcap be higher than the Bitcoin (BTC) marketcap on December 31, 2019 at 24:00 UTC ? ($27,097.03 at stake)  The complexity of the Augur platform, apart from its technical aspects, revolves around data verification. For instance, in the case of the largest bet on Augur mentioned above, by the end of 2018, Augur would have to verify that the price of Ethereum is in fact larger than $500. But, due to a wide range of variables including exchange premiums, it is difficult to verify that s pecific piece of information accurately.  In December 2017, the  price of bitcoin  reached $25,000 in the crypto exchange market of South Korea, even on major trading platforms like UPbit and Bithumb, while the price of bitcoin in other markets such as Japan and the US achieved a peak at $19,500.  Joey Krug, the creator of Augur and the co-Chief Information Officer at  Pantera Capital , a billion dollar cryptocurrency hedge fund, said:  “Augur’s about 10x more complex than the second most complicated ethereum project, makerdao, which has about 10 contracts vs augur’s 100 [complexity isn’t a good thing, and the augur team has tried to make it as simple as possible, it’s just a really complicated endeavor].”  Experts Optimistic on Augur Launch on Ethereum  As CCN reported, Brian Kelly, the founder of BKCM and long-time contributor to CNBC’s Fast Money, expressed his enthusiasm towards the fast growth of Augur and its impact on the Ethereum network.  Kelly  explained :  “Augur was one of the oldest ICOs [initial coin offerings] and the platform has been in development for about two to three years now. What’s interesting about this is probably going to be one of the biggest decentralized apps launched on top of Ethereum. If Augur doesn’t slow the system down [unlike CryptoKitties] that could generally be a positive for Ethereum.”  Emin Gun Sirer, a professor at the prestigious Cornell University, added that the launch of Augur is monumental for Ethereum,  stating ;  “Congrats to the Augur Project team, for getting rid of the crutches and delivering something that stands on its own.”  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Stock Exchange Operator Pleads Guilty to Securities Fraud Twitter  The founder and operator of two shuttered online crypto investment platforms, including bitcoin stock exchange BitFunder, has pled guilty to securities fraud and obstruction of justice.  The guilty plea was  announced  by the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York this week wherein 37-year-old Texan Jon Montroll aka ‘Ukyo’ admitted to deceiving investors and the SEC during the course of operating and the subsequent investigations into bitcoin exchange ‘WeExchange’ in Australia and securities investment platform BitFunder.  While WeExchange functioned as a bitcoin wallet service and an exchange platform, BitFunder operated as a crypto stock exchange enabling users to purchase and trade virtual shares of businesses in bitcoin.  As  reported  by CCN earlier in February, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) alleged that Montroll failed to disclose a 2013 hack leading to the theft of 6,000 bitcoins from customers’ funds from WeChange. Montroll attempted to conceal the hack altogether by transferring some of his own bitcoin to hide the losses while soliciting more customers by pretending to run a successf ul operation, according to SEC charges filed at the time.  Montroll has also been accused of siphoning a ‘portion’ of users’ bitcoins at WeExchange to spend them on ‘personal expenses, such as travel and groceries’, according to the statement.  He has also been accused of misleading authorities over the course of the investigation into the breach through false sworn testimony and a false document involving a screenshot purporting to show the balance of bitcoins in WeExchange’s wallet.  Manhattan U.S. Attorney Geoffrey S. Berman said on Monday:  “As he admitted today, Jon Montroll deceived his investors and then attempted to deceive the SEC. He repeatedly lied during sworn testimony and misled SEC staff to avoid taking responsibility for the loss of thousands of his customers’ bitcoins. ”  Montrol has pled guilty to one count of securities fraud and one count of obstruction of justice, each carrying a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison. The actual duration of the sentence by U.S. District Judge Richard M. Berman will be revealed during an undetermined date in the future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin ETF Will Lead to Billions of New Capital [But Not in 2018] Twitter  The cryptocurrency industry has been highly anticipating the debut of a bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) by the end of 2018. But, some analysts believe it will not arrive until next year.  Potential Impact of a Bitcoin ETF  As a publicly-traded instrument, a  bitcoin ETF  has the ability to open a floodgate of capital from retail traders and individual accredited investors in the US public market. Dissimilar to direct investments on cryptocurrency exchange platforms, issuers of a bitcoin ETF are responsible for protecting the funds of investors and insuring them, as a trusted intermediary.  Hence, investors who previously were reluctant towards investing in the cryptocurrency sector due to security and compliance concerns, will likely invest in the cryptocurrency market through ETFs.  As cryptocurrency investor and widely recognized content creator Nicholas Merten  said:  “Here’s why a bitcoin ETF matters: With the release of an ETF, this allows investors to add BTC to their retirement portfolio. Global Pensions Market: $41.3 trillion If BTC captures just 1% of global pensions, that would create $413,000,000,000 of exposure for cryptocurrencies.”  The majority of the investors, analysts, and researchers in both the cryptocurrency market and traditional finance sector have expressed optimism towards the approval of a bitcoin ETF. Kevin O’Leary  — AKA Mr. Wonderful, one of the four stars of Shark Tank  — who has been skeptical towards the regulatory aspect of BTC since early 2017, has said that the approval of a bitcoin ETC could potentially lead institutional investors to commit to the market in the near future.  However,  Brian Kelly , the CEO at BKCM and CNBC’s Fast Money contributor, has said that the first bitcoin ETF will not be approved within 2018, given the history of the SEC of delaying bitcoin ETFs and any newly emerging asset class.  Kelly  explained :  “I also hope there is an ETF. But I think the chances of a bitcoin ETF in 2018 are relatively low. There is still quite a few things. That doesn’t stop speculation on that. That’s one reason why we’ve seen this bottoming process here from $5,800 to $8,500.”  CBOE Entrance is Relevant  Chicago derivatives exchange CBOE is trying to list the first bitcoin ETF.  The Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), one of the world’s biggest options exchanges alongside CME Group, has recently filed a  bitcoin ETF application  with the SEC to bring BTC to the public stock market in the US.  Previously, the US SEC justified its rejection of a BTC ETF by claiming the overseas cryptocurrency market lacked proper regulatory frameworks around cryptocurrency exchanges and the lack of financial institutions monitoring cryptocurrency trades.  Over the past 12 months, overseas regulation on cryptocurrency has improved drastically, and as a strictly regulated exchange, the CBOE has extensively analyzed the impact of its BTC futures market on the global cryptocurrency sector.  With the entrance of CBOE into the bitcoin ETF market and the persistent efforts by the Winklevoss twins, Gemini, and SolidX, it is likely that the cryptocurrency market will see the approval of a BTC ETF relatively soon, but investors are skeptical towards a BTC ETF by the end of 2018.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Swiss Regulator FINMA Launches Investigation into $100 Million ICO Twitter  The Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) announced on Thursday that it has opened an inquiry into the operations of Envion AG, a blockchain startup that raised more than $100 million through an initial coin offering (ICO).  FINMA said that it believes that  Envion ’s EVN token sale may have violated banking laws by accepting public deposits worth approximately 100 million francs (~$101 million) from 30,000 investors without regulatory authorization.  From the  announcement :  “Investigations carried out by FINMA to date indicate that, in the context of its ICO, envion AG accepted funds amounting to approximately one hundred million francs from more than 30,000 investors in return for issuing EVN tokens in a bond-like form. FINMA will make no further comment on the proceedings until they are concluded.”  The investigation adds a new wrinkle to the Envion saga, which had already  — as CCN  reported   — taken a variety of unexpected twists and turns. In one of the more notable developments, the project’s founders claimed that the current CEO, Matthias Woestmann, falsified documents to wrest control of the company away from them.  The industry ’s highest-grossing ICO, EOS, was hosted in Switzerland, but many startups have begun to turn elsewhere when launching their token sales. | Source: CoinSchedule  It also comes at a time when regulators in Switzerland  — once the world’s ICO capital  — have begun to  express concern  about the exodus of cryptocurrency firms to other blockchain-friendly regions such as  Malta , Liechtenstein,  Gibraltar , and the Cayman Islands.  For its part, FINMA  released guidelines  governing ICOs earlier this year, and it said that it supports “serious innovators” hosting their crowdsale’s in the country that houses “Crypto Valley.” That said, it won’t sit idly by while ICO operators flout those rules.  “FINMA is committed to ensuring that serious innovators can launch their ICO projects lawfully and published guidelines to this effect in February 2018,” the agency said in its statement. “However, it also consistently takes action against ICO business models, which violate or circumvent supervisory law.”  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Crypto Markets Surpasses $300 Billion; Did ETF Cause Bitcoin to Rally? Twitter  The valuation of the crypto market has surpassed the $300 billion mark, as bitcoin recovered to $8,200 and small cryptocurrencies experienced a spike in value over the past 48 hours.  Slight Decline in Momentum  On July 25, at its peak, the price of bitcoin achieved $8,500, as its volume skyrocketed from $3 billion to $6 billion within merely hours. Since then, bitcoin has declined slightly by less than 4 percent and stabilized in the $8,200 region.   As of July 26, the daily trading volume of bitcoin remains below $5 billion, down nearly $1.3 billion since its monthly peak on Wednesday. The volume of the entire cryptocurrency market has dropped by over $4 billion, from $18 billion to $14 billion.  Stability in the $300 billion could be beneficial for the mid-term growth of the crypto market, as in April, when the price of bitcoin spiked from $6,900 to $10,000 without minor corrections, BTC endured a major drop by the end of May, sending its value down to the $6,000 region once again.  While the majority of tokens tend to perform well during a sideways market in periods in which the price of major digital assets such as bitcoin and ether remain stable, some tokens have recorded large losses over the past 24 hours.  GXChain, MOAC, IOST, and Bitcoin Private recorded losses in the range of 5 to 20 percent against the US dollar.  Demand From Public Market is Increasing  Cryptocurrency researcher BambouClub reported on July 25 that the price of the Bitcoin Investment Trust (GBTC), a publicly tradable bitcoin instrument listed on the US stock market that is overseen by Grayscale Investment, a subsidiary of Digital Currency Group, was 48 percent higher than the current price of bitcoin.  Throughout this week, BambouClub said that bitcoin was being traded in the public market via GBTC at a value of $12,273.  Carpe Noctom, a prominent cryptocurrency analyst, emphasized that the GBTC premium and the demand for bitcoin in the US public market has significantly risen due to speculation around the approval of a bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in September.  “GBTC premium over spot may be the prediction market for the upcoming ETF decision,” Noctom said, echoing the stance of BambouClub.  Throughout the past week, many investors and analysts have attributed the rise in the price of BTC and other major digital assets to the entrance of institutional investors through Coinbase Custody and the increasing anticipation towards the approval of a bitcoin ETF by the end of 2018.  However, the only way retail traders in the public market can invest in the bitcoin market as of current is through GBTC and cryptocurrency exchanges, suggesting that the hype around bitcoin ETFs may have intensified within the cryptocurrency sector.  Based on the past decision of the SEC, it is more likely that the SEC will delay the approval of any bitcoin ETF until early 2019, as Brian Kelly noted, and possibly plan the launch of a bitcoin ETF by Cboe in February.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   12 BTC Only: You Can Now Buy Your Antigua Citizenship with Bitcoin Twitter  With the lowest amount required to become an Antiguan Barbudian via an investment being US$100,000, you now only need a little over 12 bitcoins to pay for that at current  prices .  This is after Antigua and Barbuda’s Citizenship by Investment Program Act was amended by the country’s parliament allowing payments to be made using bitcoin as well as other cryptocurrencies. The resolution was announced by the country’s Prime Minister and Minister of Finance  & Corporate Governance  & Public-Private Partnerships, Hon. Gaston Browne, according to Antigua News Room.  Reaching out to HODLERS  According to Browne, the decision was made with a view of making it convenient for citizenship seekers who own  cryptocurrencies . And by adding this method of payment, the program will be able to attract more people from across the globe.  “And the truth is too, it expands your market because we have a number of cryptocurrency investors who may be quite willing to take up our citizenship but would only pay in cryptocurrencies,” Browne  told  the country ’s parliament. “If you do not accept the cryptocurrency then you would be literally locked out of that market.”  Per Browne, payments made in cryptocurrencies will be converted daily to US dollars to avoid losses that may arise from volatility.  Invest or Contribute  To be eligible for citizenship via  Antigua and Barbuda ’s Citizenship by Investment Program Act, individuals can choose to either invest in the country amounts ranging between US$400,000 and US$1.5 million or make a contribution totaling US$100,000 to the country’s National Development Fund. Additional amounts are also required to be paid based on the number of dependents one has.  As CCN has previously reported, the West Indies island state has initiated various efforts aimed at enabling a crypto-friendly environment. Last year in April, for instance, the country’s attorney general was instructed by the cabinet to draft legislation that would  allow government services to be paid for using bitcoin .  Improve the Country’s Image  At the time the country’s Minister of Foreign Affairs, International Trade  & Immigration, Everly Paul Chet Greene, argued that the immutable nature of  blockchain  allowed for transactions to be traced and would thus serve to soften the reputation of the island state as a tax haven.  Due to its thriving financial sector as well as a large internet gaming industry, the island state has been viewed as being particularly susceptible to money laundering and other financial crimes. Greene also argued that allowing government services to be paid for using bitcoin would solidify Antigua  & Barbuda’s reputation as a trailblazer in the region.  “Here in Antigua  & Barbuda we know we are always very much front and center of new developments; we are leaders, trendsetters in the Caribbean,” Greene was reported as having said at the time.  St. John ’s, Antigua image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Samsung: Smartphones are the Most Secure Device When Using Cryptocurrency Twitter  According to Samsung, the $290 billion behemoth which dominates every major industry in South Korea, smartphones are the safest device to use when transacting using cryptocurrency  Smartphones Over Laptops  Smartphone wallets such as Blockchain and Jaxx are the go-to applications the majority of cryptocurrency users utilize to send and receive payments with digital assets.  Joel Snyder, a senior IT consultant, a contributor to  Samsung  Insights, explained in a recent paper that smartphones are significantly more secure than laptops and other devices, because of the presence of the Trusted Execution Environment (TEE).  Most smartphones have a native environment called the TEE, which operates as a separate execution environment with its own memory and storage, isolated from the device. Hence, not even the operating system (OS) like Android can reach into the TEE and potentially initiate alterations in its memory.  In an event of a hacking attack or a security breach, attackers cannot possibly break into the TEE and attempt to steal data such as the private keys of cryptocurrency wallets because the TEE exists completely independent of the device.  On laptops or computers that rely on conventional persistent storage units such as a hard disk or an SSD, a hacker can easily break into the storage and steal valuable financial information, including data pertaining to cryptocurrency wallets, that could lead to the loss of funds and holdings stored in digital assets.  Snyder explained:  “This is why smartphones have an edge over laptops and desktops for cryptocurrency wallets: without the benefits of the hardware-based TEE, the keys are more vulnerable. There is a significant caveat: a naïve wallet developer might choose to simply store the keys on the normal internal storage of the phone, in which case there’s little additional protection from using the smart phone platform. Or the wallet itself might be malware, in which case all bets are off. But with the right wallet leveraging the benefits of smartphone TEE, there’s no place safer to store your money.”  More Technologies Based on TEE  Samsung competitor HTC is developing a smartphone that it is billing as the world ’s  “first native blockchain phone. ” | Source: HTC  In December 2016, a research team at the prestigious Cornell University led by professor  Emin Gun Sirer  first teased the idea of scaling bitcoin with secure hardware, using TEEs.  The Cornell research team went further than using the native TEE environment in smartphones, and built a technology called Teechan on top of TEEs present in the CPUs and Software Guard Extensions of Intel.  Since TEEs exist independent of whichever device it operates within, and it can process transactions off-chain that are then batched into larger transactions for on-chain settlement, scaling solutions based on these trusted environments have seen significant progress by processing more than 2,480 transactions per second.  Sirer has continued to develop the idea of using TEEs to scale cryptocurrencies, as reported by CCN in April. In an interview with CCN, Sirer said:  “SGX is a very exciting technology, and there are other trusted computing technologies, not SGX, but by other vendors, that provide similar guarantees. What that gives you is the ability to know what protocol somebody else is following. That is a fundamental leap.”  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Vietnam’s Securities Watchdog Bans Industry from Cryptocurrency Activity: Report  Twitter  The State Securities Commission of Vietnam (SSC), the country’s stock market watchdog, has reportedly forbidden industry firms from engaging in cryptocurrency-related activities.  Vietnam’s official state news agency is  reporting  that the country’s securities markets watchdog has ‘required’ the industry to not partake in “any issuance, transaction or brokerage activities related to cryptocurrencies” in a circular to all relevant institutions.  ‘Under an announcement released early this week, SSC banned public companies, securities companies, fund management companies and securities investment funds from taking part in the activities,” an excerpt from the news report added…’and required them to obey legal regulations on anti-money laundering.”  At press time, the announcement enforcing a ban of cryptocurrency-related activities among companies within the sector could not be found on the SSC’s official website. The most-recent related  investor notice  was published on May 2, 2018, with the regulator warning investors to be cautious of investing in cryptocurrencies. The notice also urged industry firms including brokerages and asset managers to refrain from any cryptocurrency transactions until a legal framework is released.  According to the report, the SCC explains that its ban is in response to a directive [ PDF ] by the office of Nguyen Xuan Phuc, Vietnam’s Prime Minister on April 11 ordering several ministries, law enforcement authorities and the country’s central bank to strengthen the management of “activities related to bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.”  That particular directive was a direct consequence of an unprecedented nationwide scam involving  two fraudulent initial coin offerings (ICOs)  that swindled 32,000 Vietnamese citizens out of a massive $660 million.  At the turn of 2018, a new legal framework came into effect  outlawing  cryptocurrency’s usage for payments in Vietnam. The prohibitive stance also sees adopters facing  criminal prosecution  with fines up to $9,000.  Last week, the State Bank of Vietnam, the country’s central bank, agreed with a government ministry’s  proposal  to  suspend imports  of Application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC) cryptocurrency mining equipment.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Analysis: Is Bitcoin’s Bull Run Done? Twitter  Editor ’s Note: The price analysis was drafted at 19:30 UTC, July 26th.  Amid a treacherous start to 2018, Bitcoin began bouncing back May 10th when the coin’s market capitalization dominance began its 11% ascent to 46.9%. In the past week Bitcoin has returned 9.7%, and in the last month is up almost 45%. In the onset of what seems to be a bull stretch, the digital asset is still a long way away from its near $20,000 high back in January of this yea r.   Sentiment remains strong as nations around the world continue to innovate using distributed ledger technology (DLT). Iran is rumored to be issuing a national coin, aimed at evading U.S sanctions. Venezuela wants to abandon its own Bolivar amid 1,000,000% inflation, f or a cryptocurrency  tied to the infamous Petro. Progress in Malta is developing quickly as cryptocurrency exchange, Binance motioned to  officially back  the first ever decentralized bank. Regulators around the world are quickly beginning to see that there is actual potential in distributed ledger technology and that the rise of cryptocurrency is much more complex than the a 17th century Tulip craze.   Technical Analysis 7/23-7/26  According to the 30 minute chart via Trading View, we can see that there’s been quite a lot of volatility as Bitcoin continues to  trade  two standard deviations above and below its mean.  Characterized by consistently by a consistently high RSI and Stochastic Oscillator, we lean on the side of the coin as being overbought. A record selloff at midday on July 24th hardly stopped the rally before it shot up to $8,400 fiat. RSI touched its intraday high four different times in the same day before suffering a measly  $200 hit.    Now what? Price has been pretty unchanged the past 12 hours, trading between the range of $8300-8400. As we can see, the 100 day (dotted line) and 200 day (in blue) moving averages are starting to converge with the 100 day on top. Known to be used as a sell indicator, even the Stochastic Oscillator sits in the overbought territory.    Bitcoin: in the last 12 hours:  ( 0.1%)  In the last day:           0.9%  In the last week:        9.7%   This article was written by Michael Genna from  Benzinga.com .   Featured image from Shutterstock.   
