INCREASE	   Decentralized Crypto Exchange Bancor Hacked, $12M in Ether Stolen Twitter  In a  statement , Bancor, a decentralized exchange, stated that a vulnerability was exploited to steal 24,984 ETH (approx $12 million), $1 million worth of NPXS and $10 million worth of BNT.  In a  tweet  earlier today, Bancor stated that it has identified a security breach and will investigate into the issue. It assured that no user wallets were compromised and they would release a more detailed report shortly.  The hack occurred at approximately 00:00 UTC when a wallet used to upgrade some smart contracts was compromised. The wallet has withdrawn ethereum and ERC-20 tokens NPXS and BNT.  The stolen BNT has since been frozen using a mechanism built into the Bancor Protocol. Bancor stated that this was built in to “be used in an extreme situation to recover from a security breach, allowing Bancor to effectively stop the thief from running away with the stolen tokens”  However, the stolen ETH and other tokens are still compromised. The wallet which contains the stolen ether can be viewed  here . Bancor stated that they are now “working together with dozens of cryptocurrency exchanges to trace the stolen funds and make it more difficult for the thief to liquidate them”.  They stated that they would continue to post updates on any further developments on their Telegram channel and on Twitter. The exchange is currently down. In a  statement  to Cointelegraph, Konstantin Gladych, CEO of Changelly, stated that parts of the stolen funds have been exchanged via Changelly.  Bancor  raised  $153 million dollars in July 2017 in a span of few hours making it one of the largest ICO’s ever.  Earlier this week, Vitalik Buterin, founder of Ethereum,  said  that centralized cryptocurrency exchanges should “burn in hell as much as possible”. However it is clear that decentralized exchanges are not inherently immune to vulnerabilities even if not to the extent of centralized ones.  Bancor token (BNT) has taken a 14% dip from about $3.15 at the beginning of the day to $2.72 as of writing.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   How Bitcoin Giant Bitmain Became the Biggest Crypto Company Ever Twitter  Bitmain, the biggest bitcoin mining equipment manufacturer,  has closed  its Series B funding round to secure a valuation of over $12 billion, officially becoming the largest conglomerate in the history of bitcoin and crypto.  A Conglomerate  Coinbase, Binance, and Ripple Labs are some of the multi-billion dollar corporations in the global cryptocurrency industry that have significant influence over their respective markets. Coinbase has dominance over the crypto brokerage and institutional market, Binance controls the crypto-only exchange market, and Ripple Labs oversees the development of the Ripple blockchain net work, which is considered as the leading bank-tailored blockchain protocol.  Bitmain has absolute control over the bitcoin mining equipment industry, and is competing against conglomerates like Samsung to retain dominance over its market. Over the past year, Bitmain founder and CEO Jihan Wu have been focusing on evolving Bitmain’s investment arm, leading many multi-million dollar funding rounds to finance companies in the blockchain sector.  Bitmain launched its latest series of bitcoin miners earlier this year.  Most recently, as  CCN  reported, Bitmain led Circle’s $110 million funding round along with the likes of Accel and Blockchain Capital, to fulfill the vision of Wu of creating private central banks financed with cryptocurrencies. Wu explained that the primary motive of Bitmain’s investment in Circle is the firm’s development of a fully audited stablecoin.  In an official announcement, Circle  said :  “Bitmain Co-founder and CEO Jihan Wu is well known for espousing a vision similar to ours regarding the creation and adoption of a new global economy powered by cryptographic assets, distributed contracts, and open source blockchain technology. We are excited to be working directly with Bitmain on realizing our shared vision.”  Throughout the past several years, Bitmain has been able to generate billions of dollars in profit on a yearly basis and obtain over half of a billion dollars in funding. With the capital, Bitmain has started to invested in ICOs, blockchain projects, cryptocurrency companies, and platforms outside of the finance sector.  This week, Bitmain revealed that it has finalized its plans to purchase controlling stake of Opera Internet Browser, investing $50 million in the company that is expected to complete a $115 million initial public offering (IPO). To compare the two companies, Bitmain is set to complete a $12 billion IPO, raising capital from public investors that is 100 times larger than that of Opera.  Evaluating the exponential growth of Bitmain, analysts at Bernstein Research  said  that Bitmain has been able to make as much money as Nvidia, one of the biggest chip makers in the world, in less than four years, while Nvidia took 24 years to secure $3 billion in profit.  “But Bitmain achieved this in merely four years, while it took Nvidia 24 years to get here, ” analysts at Bernstein said, emphasizing that Bitmain has secured $3 to $4 billion in operating profit in 2017, easily surpassing the profit margin of companies like Binance, which is projected to record a billion dollars in profit by the end of 2018.  Competing Against Nvidia  Not only has Bitmain recorded more profit than Nvidia in 2017 but the company has announced its intent to compete with Nvidia in the artificial intelligence (AI) industry, outside of the crypto and bitcoin mining chip market.  In the future, AI will be everywhere. It will be on cars, it will be on cameras, it will be on servers, in the back end. It’s just like the motor vehicle replacing the horse—it’s a big-time change that can dramatically alter the world. We think that’s a big trend and we need to do that,”  said  Allen Tang, a product marketer at Bitmain, who admitted that competing in the AI space would mean going against companies like Intel and Nvidia.  Still, analysts like fintech researcher Zarc Gin said that Bitmain “certainly has the budget” to compete with large conglomerates in both the crypto and AI sector.  Featured image from Facebook/Bitmain.  
INCREASE	   Philippine Central Bank Approves Two New Cryptocurrency Exchanges Twitter  The Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) has approved the accreditation of two new virtual currency exchanges, bringing the total number of regulated crypto exchanges in the country to five.  In a statement released by Deputy Governor Chuchi G. Fonacier, the BSP announced that it has granted operating approval to Virtual Currency Philippines, Inc. and ETranss to carry out conversion of Philippine pesos (PHP) into virtual digital currencies.  Pinoy Cryptocurrency Boom  The Philippines has attracted a measure of attention for its unique approach to the cryptocurrency boom. Rather than crack down on crypto trading or send out mixed signals as is the case in much of the developing world, the BSP has consistently adopted a progressive policy direction, recognizing that cryptocurrencies offer huge advantages to Filipinos, particularly in terms of  accessing cheap credit and enabling cheaper and faster remittances from abroad.  CCN previously  reported  that the most popular crypto app in the Philippines, Coins.ph now has a user base of more than five million people, with more than a million users on its Android application alone. This app has achieved wild popularity by providing a range of transaction and credit options including mobile payments, bill settlements and short term unsecured loan facilities.  Importantly, it also provides fast and cheap remittance services, which is extremely important to the estimated 10.2 million people of Filipino descent who work abroad and sent an estimated $ 7.8bn  home in the first quarter of 2018. Other crypto platforms in the country are keying into the exploding popularity of crypto payments and this has not gone unnoticed by the government.  Philippine authorities have introduced effective but encouraging regulation for the domestic cryptocurrency industry. Pictured: Manila, Phillippines   Earlier in July, CCN also reported that the Cagayan Economic Zone Authority (CEZA), an economic zone in the northern part of the Philippines supported by the government, will  embrace  up to 25 cryptocurrency exchanges with friendly regulations and tax policies.  The unrivaled enthusiasm for crypto-based innovation at a time when many regulators continue to view it as a competitor, can be traced to the economic knock-on effect it is having on the Philippine economy. Long seen as an ossified economy where people had little choice but to emigrate in search of opportunities, the Philippines is now witnessing a financial industry boom fueled by crypto.  A recent CCN report revealed that crypto exchanges and crypto startups in the country are now consistently  outperforming  traditional financial institutions and services, with Coins.ph attracting $10 million in funding from Naspers and becoming one of the top 10 most used domestic applications in the country, exceeding the growth rate of financial platforms and other fintech applications.  No doubt sensing an opportunity to give the economy a jolt, the Philippine authorities have become of the most crypto-friendly regulators in the world, quickly giving official recognition to digital assets and legitimizing the crypto sector.  Plans are also in place to provide operating licenses to crypto startups from across Asia and beyond looking to offer ICOs and mine mine cryptocurrency in the Cagayan Economic Zone.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Billionaire Google Co-Founder Sergey Brin is an Ethereum Miner Twitter  Sergey Brin, President of Google ’s parent company Alphabet Inc., appeared on the panel on emerging technologies at the ongoing Blockchain Summit in Morroco.  At his last-minute surprise appearance at the summit, Brin  revealed  that he is mining Ethereum with his 10-year old son. He also stated that the concept of zero-knowledge proofs is “really mind-boggling”.   (function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v3.0';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));    One of our panels this morning at the 2018 Blockchain Summit was emerging technologies and trends  – where blockchain, …  Posted by  The Bitfury Group  on   Sunday, July 8, 2018   Zero-knowledge proof is a cryptography principle which enables to prove something without actually revealing the knowledge. This technology is utilized by cryptocurrencies such as ZCash to enable privacy features where users can conceal the transaction information while still securing the network on a public ledger.  The panel also consisted of Elizabeth Stark, co-founder and CEO of Lightning Labs, and Neha Narula, director of the Digital Currency Initiative at MIT Media Lab. Elizabeth Stark spoke about the lightning network and security of centralized exchanges.  “Lightning enables people to transact at a high volume using the underlying blockchain security,” she said. “This is really powerful. I’ve really never been more excited about the future and the potential of what we’re building — building up the core technologies to bring them to the world.”  As CCN  reported , Sergey Brin credited Ethereum mining with playing a central role in the recent “boom in computing” that is helping drive a “technology renaissance” in his letter to Investors back in May.  He said:  “There are several factors at play in this boom of computing. First, of course, is the steady hum of Moore’s Law…The second factor is greater demand, stemming from advanced graphics in gaming and, surprisingly, from the GPU-friendly proof-of-work algorithms found in some of today’s leading cryptocurrencies, such as Ethereum.”  Despite Sergey’s admiration for cryptocurrencies, Google has  announced  a ban on cryptocurrency related ads back in March and this policy has been in effect since July. However, Several major technology corporations are exploring blockchain technology for potential use cases on their platforms. Facebook  recently  appointed a new director of engineering for their blockchain division. Facebook also reversed its ban on advertising cryptocurrencies and now allows pre-approved advertisers to advertise on their platform. Amazon, IBM, Microsoft have also been offering blockchain based enterprise solutions and have filed patents for blockchain-based applications.  Featured image from Flickr/ TED .  
INCREASE	   Executive Poaches, Institutional Face Offs and a Custody Launch: Last Week in Crypto Twitter  Make sure you check out the previous edition  here , now let’s go over what happened in crypto last week. In addition to our normal weekly crypto update, we’ve gone ahead and launched a new podcast  The Bitcoin Podcast by CCN . Check out the latest episode on  iTunes  and be sure to rate and subscribe!  Price Watch:  Bitcoin rose nearly 7% during the week.  The price surged from $6,300 to $6,600 on  Monday morning , but dropped back down to $6,500 late on  Tuesday night . The price then surged to almost $6,800 on  Wednesday  (also  “ Independence Day ” in the US). The price failed to break $7,000 on  Friday  staying around the $6,500 mark before jumping up to $6,800 on  Sunday . Despite the failure to hit critical support levels, analysts have  remained bullish . Even the bulls seem to be having some doubts with  Fundstrat ‘s Tom Lee  lowering  his end of year prediction to $22,000 from $25,000. Ethereum gained almost 9%   after inching up less than 2%  last week . Despite the losses, the currency remains up almost 100% since the same period last year. The move comes after a  5% price surge  on Sunday. The lack of price movement until now has largely been blamed on a lack of volume. The entire market cap rose 6%  after increasing by about $13 billion last week. The market has remained mostly flat over the past few weeks at the  $270 billion mark . Bitcoin dominance has also been  increasing  all year going from 35% to 42% in just two months.  Business:  Facebooks Blockchain Division Adds Director of Engineering   Evan Cheng  to its staff. The addition of Mr. Cheng comes to a rock star team  led by  David Marcus, who is on the board of Coinbase. Expedia Stops Accepting Bitcoin  which has led to an exodus of users to other sites. The likely culprit appears to be the new platform rollout of CoinbaseCommerce which also caused Reddit to stop accepting Bitcoin  earlier this year . Other sites, such as  Cheapair.com  have switched to  BitPay  to avoid further issues with Coinbase. We have a list of other sites accepting cryptocurrency in this  post . Search Giant Baidu to Launch Blockchain Based Rewards Platform  called Totem to stop infringement of original works. The reward platform is designed to incentivize user uploads and  “initiate rights protections online ”  Exchanges:  Binance donates $1 million towards Japanese Flood Relief   efforts. The flood has already reportedly killed  60 people  and 2 million people have been evacuated. Binance has also asked that their partners donate as well. Additionally, Binance CEO  Changpeng Zhao  has promised  “bonus points ” for future listing requests to projects who donate. He further stated that Binance may count donations towards listing fees Gemini poaches NYSE Executive   to serve as CTO.  Robert Cornish  previously served as the CIO of the New York Stock Exchange and has held executive positions across the financial services industry. Binance expects $1 billion profit  in 2018 . The exchange only completed its ICO in July of 2017 and now has 10 million registered traders. If the bear market continues, the goal may be unachievable but Binance is certainly on the right track having reported  $200 million in revenue  for the first quarter of 2018. Coinbase Added 10 clients to Custody Service  this week after debuting last week. Coinbase hopes to have 100 large institutional customers by the end of the year and $5 billion assets under management. Bloomberg and Kraken Face Off  over a Bloomberg  article  accusing Tether of wash trading and claiming that Kraken is manipulating the price. Tether shot back with accusations that Bloomberg ’s article was so illogical it must ’ve been an attempt to  manipulate  the price.  Governments;  Kenyan Parliament to Treasury: Decide Whether Bitcoin is Legal Tender -Kenyan MPs have issued a 2-week deadline for the Treasury to rule whether or not Bitcoin is legal tender in the country. Kenya has had a mixed relationship with crypto in the past  warning against the use of cryptocurrencies  despite adoption throughout the country. Israeli Exchange to Share Customer Info with Tax Authority . The agreement is voluntary on behalf of the exchange and the exchange will only share information on users who have made transactions exceeding $50,000 over the past 12 months. Thai Regulators Approve 7 Cryptocurrencies for ICOs  that can be used by investors. The currencies include  BTC ,  BCH ,  ETH ,  ETC ,  XLM , and  LTC . Retail investors will have to stay under the token cap of 300,000  baht  (or about $9,050).  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   The Common Tactics Used to Hack a Cryptocurrency Exchange Twitter  A lot of amateur cryptocurrency traders and retail investors are starting to lose interest in this booming industry because of the lengthy and  painful decline  on the market of digital currencies.   Few of those who purchased Bitcoin for $20,000 believe they can sell their funds at the same rate, not to mention any chance of profit. That’s because brokers still cannot break the back of traders and move down to the critical psychological threshold of $5,000.  In spite of that, the cryptocurrency business continues to evolve and scale. This primarily applies to specialized  trading platforms . While the failed investors are feeling helpless, new players are entering the game, including Goldman Sachs and Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), the parent company of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).  Goldman Sachs is planning to allow its customers  to trade Bitcoin futures , whereas ICE will offer swap contracts to banks so that clients can get their cryptocurrency the day following the purchase transaction.  While some low-skilled investors are abandoning the business, the big names are just starting to break new ground that has a huge potential. With that said, it’s quite likely that cybercriminals will target this industry more heavily.  Security analysts single out several main techniques used by threat actors to hack cryptocurrency trading platforms. The list below reflects the common attack vectors and highlights the countermeasures that every user of these platforms should follow.  Phishing emails  Imagine the following scenario: security systems of the cryptocurrency exchange you are using have purportedly detected suspicious activity in your account. In response to this, the service has sent a notification to the email address you indicated in your profile. The message contains a hyperlink and a recommendation to change your password immediately in order to prevent your  funds from being stolen.  Despite the whole simplicity of this scheme, many newbies have actually got on the hook and continue to fall for it. If you follow that link, there will typically be several fields to fill out: your old password, new password, and confirmation of the new password. This way, while trying to maintain control of their funds, lots of traders unknowingly hand them over to crooks.  There are several simple rules that will keep you safe:  Do not open emails from unknown sources. Do not send your personal information to third parties. Scrutinize the sender’s email address: messages from major exchanges are usually sent from official domains.  Phishing sites  All cryptocurrency traders are, obviously, literate people. However, when it comes to typing the name of an exchange in the address bar correctly, or visiting its website via a hyperlink, many of them overlook misspellings and a missing security verification icon in the browser.  As soon as such hapless traders enter their username and password, the malefactors obtain virtually all the credentials they need to access the account. The only way to avoid this fraud is to pay close attention to detail, because phishing-related copycats of popular trading platforms are unlikely to vanish in the near future.   Bookmark your main trading website and visit it only by clicking this bookmark.  Always use the  best VPNs  that encrypt your traffic.  Email hacking  The email linked to one’s account at a cryptocurrency exchange tends to be targeted by hackers just as heavily as the account itself. Having taken control of your email, a perpetrator can send a password recovery request, set a new temporary password and easily transfer the funds to their own wallets. Two-factor authentication (2FA) is the most effective protection mechanism in  this case that prevents third parties from accessing your account.  TeamViewer as an entry point  Unfortunately, even two-factor authentication doesn’t ensure ultimate security if  Google Authenticator  is embedded in a web browser on a PC. With the TeamViewer tool installed, chances are that the attacker will get access to TOTP authentication codes in real time and leverage them to hack into your profiles at the exchange.  2FA is effective as long as the application is installed on another device such as a smartphone. This reduces the risk of being hacked considerably.  A lot of cryptocurrency exchange users neglect the fundamental security practices because they are sure they will never get in trouble like the customers of Mt. Gox and Coincheck did. However, even the most sophisticated trading platforms have a number of covert vulnerabilities that threat actors can potentially exploit to hack the system.  Some people might find the enabling of two-factor authentication redundant, but you should keep in mind at all times that the black hats can outwit even the most successful traders. So, it’s imperative to follow a few basic and simple guidelines that will significantly reduce the risk of losing assets in the aftermath of hacker attacks and scams.  The author, David Balaban, is a computer security researcher with over 15 years  of  experience in malware analysis and antivirus software evaluation.   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Local Crypto Exchanges are Circumventing India ’s New Bitcoin Ban: Here ’s How Twitter  According to Coindelta co-founder Shubham Yadav, cryptocurrency exchanges in India can no longer process fiat-to-crypto trades and have shifted their business model to crypto-to-crypto trading.  Central Bank’s Ban on Crypto Stands  In April,  CCN  reported that the Reserve Bank of India, the country’s central bank, first imposed its ban on cryptocurrency trading, effectively disallowing local banks from providing banking services to crypto exchanges. On July 3, the Supreme Court of India refused to lift RBI’s cryptocurrency trading ban, reaffirming that banks cannot deal with cryptocurrency exchanges in India.  While the Supreme Court of India is expected to conduct a hearing to consider the case of the cryptocurrency industry against the RBI’s ban, until the court officially reverses the existing ban cryptocurrency trading, local exchanges will not be able to support fiat-to-crypto trades.  In an interview with Quartz, Yadav, the founder of a local cryptocurrency trading platform Coindelta, said that local exchanges have moved on from fiat-to-cryptocurrency trades to crypto-only trades, and are currently competing against major exchanges like Binance.  Consequently, for investors in India to trade digital assets, they are required to rely on peer-to-peer platforms like  LocalBitcoins  to acquire bitcoin first and then trade other cryptocurrencies on crypto-only exchanges.  Yadav expressed his concerns over the dependence on peer-to-peer marketplaces and the danger of using such platforms that have unknown investors and individuals.  “Earlier, a lot of these transactions were taken offline and completed, which led to a possibility of being robbed. Or even when it was online, you didn’t know who you were dealing with and there were chances that the deal could go awry,” Yadav  said .  India ’s bitcoin ban could leave the country behind in the blockchain arm ’s race.  More importantly, without having support for the Indian rupee, local investors have no motive or incentive to utilize exchanges in India over major platforms such as Binance, Bittrex, and Huobi. Initially, exchanges in India served the local market and process fiat-to-crypto trades. Within months, local exchanges were forced to pivot their businesses to compete with multi-billion dollar platforms with significant reach, influence, resources, and capital.  Praveen Kumar, the CEO of Malaysian cryptocurrency exchange Belfrics that have operations in India, said that without fiat trading pairs, the cryptocurrency industry in India will struggle to survive and prosper, falling behind neighboring markets that have already imposed practical regulatory frameworks and policies to facilitate the growth of local crypto and blockchain businesses.  “There are measures that we are taking in the meantime, but for the industry to survive and thrive, fiat transactions need to be allowed. Else, we end up competing with all the other global exchanges that also offer crypto-to-crypto or P2P trade,” Kumar said.  Overly Strict Regulations Kill Markets  Major economies including the U.S., Japan, and South Korea have started to implement more practical and efficient regulations to ensure cryptocurrency exchanges, blockchain projects, and base layers can grow without being negatively impacted by overly strict policies.  While major countries have acknowledged the potential of crypto and blockchain, the government of India has decided to leave its country behind in the blockchain race and the fourth industrial revolution, which in the long run, could be costly.  Images from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Venezuelan Crypto Enthusiast Buys 102 Kilos of Food from NANO Donations amid Hyperinflation Twitter  A Venezuelan crypto enthusiast has recently bought over 100 kg of food for his family and community thanks to the cryptocurrency community, after he received dozens of NANO donations from Reddit users.  According to a  thread started  little over a week ago, Reddit user Windows7733 revealed a 0.5 NANO (~$1.32) donation he received was nearly worth one month’s salary in Venezuela. In response to the thread, various Redditors stated sending over donations to further help him out.  User Windows7733 recently started  another thread  updating the community on the results, and revealed he was able to acquire 102 kg of food using 29.1 NANO, at press time worth $77.7, thanks to the NANO community.   The thread reads:  “I feel extremely happy because today I was able to convince someone who I trust to accept NANO (he was already accepting bitcoin cash) in exchange for food. He sold me 102 kilograms (224 lb) of food, including cornmeal, meat, rice, sugar, beans, sauces and avocados. I ’m still waiting to see if I will be able to buy powdered milk and cooking oil from this same guy.”  Commenting on Windows7733’s posts, other Venezuelan Reddit users revealed that the country’s situation makes it hard form them to use cryptocurrencies other than bitcoin, as it’s hard to find someone willing to buy NANO there.  Various cryptocurrency-based charities have been helping people in countries like Venezuela survive by providing enough funds for basic resources like food. A prominent organization supporting those in Venezuela,  eatBCH , sees donors use Bitcoin Cash (BCH) to buy supplies.  As CCN covered, cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin have been helping  Venezuelans survive government failures . The country’s hyperinflation index has recently reached the one million mark, which according to  Bloomberg  means one cup of coffee now costs 1 million bolivars in the country – up from 450 two years ago.  Meanwhile, the Venezuelan government has been focusing on its oil-backed cryptocurrency, the Petro. As covered, according to the country’s president Nicolas Maduro the cryptocurrency’s  pre-sale raked in $5 billion .  The money, according to century-old think tank Brookings, is likely not going to be used to help the Venezuelan people, as it was a way for the government to bypass international sanctions and obtain foreign capital. The Petro, per the think tank,  undermines legitimate cryptocurrencies.  It was recently revealed that Venezuela’s government is planning to  finance villas for the homeless  using the oil-backed cryptocurrency. Back in April, the executive secretary of the country’s Blockchain Observatory, Daniel Peña, touted the Petro’s impact would be felt “within three to six months.”  Venezuela supermarket image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Major Futures Exchange CBOE Files For Bitcoin ETF, Increasing Probability of Approval Twitter  Cboe, the world’s largest futures exchange, has filed for a bitcoin ETF with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), to enable investors in the public market to trade bitcoin.  Bitcoin-Only ETF  The official document filed by CBOE with the SEC emphasized that the Trust, referring to Cboe, will only invest in bitcoin on behalf of investors. Essentially, Cboe will facilitate over-the-counter (OTC) trades amongst accredited investors in the traditional finance market, while insuring funds in bitcoin acquired by investors.  The document  read :  “According to the Registration Statement, the Trust will invest in bitcoin only. The activities of the Trust are limited to: issuing Baskets in exchange for the cash and/or bitcoin deposited with the Cash Custodian or Trust, respectively, as consideration; purchasing bitcoin from various exchanges and in OTC transactions; delivering cash and/or bitcoin in exchange for Baskets s urrendered for redemption; maintaining insurance coverage for the bitcoin held by the Trust; and securing the bitcoin held by the Trust.”  As of July, Cboe is one of the three financial institutions alongside SolidX and Gemini (Winklevoss twins) to file for a bitcoin ETF with the US SEC. The other ETFs were rejected by the SEC in 2017 due to lack of overseas regulations and price manipulation. At the time, leading cryptocurrency markets like Japan and South Korea did not have practical regulatory frameworks and po licies in place to govern the cryptocurrency market.  “The Winklevoss ETF proposal was rejected because the SEC found that the significant markets for Bitcoin tend to be unregulated overseas markets that are potentially subject to price manipulation. But this creates a chicken and egg problem. How do we develop well-capitalized and regulated markets in the U.S. and Europe if financial innovators aren’t allowed to bring products to  market that grow domestic demand for digital currencies like Bitcoin?”  said  CoinCenter executive director Jerry Brito at the time.  Since then, the global cryptocurrency industry has drastically changed in almost every aspect. The Japanese government has remained at the forefront of global cryptocurrency regulation, leading the G20 to unify regulations for crypto exchanges and investors.  Financial authorities of South Korea, who previously were reluctant towards regulating the cryptocurrency market because they feared local investors would recognize it as a move to legitimize the crypto exchange market, also finalized its plans to acknowledge crypto trading platforms as fully regulated financial institutions.  Insurance and Asian Market May be Key Factors  The argument of the SEC in rejecting two bitcoin ETFs last year that the crypto sector lacks overseas regulation was refuted by the optimistic decision of Japan and South Korea to regulate their crypto exchange markets.  The SEC previously expressed concerns over the lack of insurance for crypto investors. But, the official document of the Cboe bitcoin ETF filing explicitly stated that long with complete security, insurance will be provided to investors.  “In addition to its security system, the Trust will maintain comprehensive insurance coverage underwritten by various insurance carriers. The purpose of the insurance is to protect investors against loss or theft of the Trust’s bitcoin. The insurance will cover loss of bitcoin by, among other things, theft, destruction, bitcoin in transit, computer fraud and other loss of the p rivate keys that are necessary to access the bitcoin held by the Trust,” the Cboe filing read.  Once a bitcoin ETF gets approved, an influx of new capital from retail investors in the traditional finance market will arrive in the cryptocurrency sector, pushing the value and the volume of major digital assets.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   South Korea ’s Central Bank Downplays Crypto Investment Risk for Domestic Banks Twitter  A new report by the Bank of Korea has poured cold water on the perception of cryptocurrencies as a significant share of the deposits held by South Korean banks.   The report, which was released on Friday July 6 placed the December 2017 total outstanding balance of crypto assets in South Korean banks at 2 trillion won (US$1.79 billion), according to local publication  Yonhap .  The total share held by crypto assets within the 26 trillion won (US$23.39 billion) total deposit value of South Korean brokerage houses thus comes to 8 percent. The data thus indicates that in spite of vast amounts of market interest in cryptocurrency trading and investment, the actual level of crypto investment being carried out by major financial institutions is still relati vely low.  An excerpt from the report reads:  “The amount of crypto-asset investment is not really big, compared with other equity markets, and local financial institutions ’ exposure to possible risks of digital assets is insignificant. Against this backdrop, we expect crypto-assets to have a limited impact on the South Korean financial market. ”  Government Intervention in Korean Crypto Market  Following a period of intense speculative price jumps in the crypto market in 2017, Korean regulators introduced a raft of KYC rules designed to reign in the market and prevent a bubble by making it accountable and transparent.  The measures included real-name account opening requirements and a restriction on crypto investment by minors. Regulators also reportedly considered le vying a capital gains tax or sales tax on cryptocurrency trading. In spite of these measures, South Korea remains one of the biggest crypto trading hubs in the world, and any kind of blanket trade ban as in the case of China remains distinctly unlikely.  The timing of the new report by the Bank of Korea is likely intended to ease speculation in the crypto market and prevent the nightmare scenario of an overheating asset class that becomes a bubble. This report makes it clear to the market that in real terms, crypto is not quite that important just yet. In the absence of direct state intervention in the crypto market, it serves  as a way to cool the market by signaling investors to wait a bit longer before plowing speculative funds into the crypto market. That buys an increased time window for Korean regulators to come up with measures to effectively control the rapidly growing and evolving trade of digital assets.  CCN earlier reported that South Korea is set to officially   recognise   crypto exchanges as regulated banks and financial institutions so as to enable trading platforms to perform at a large capacity with support from local authorities.  Bank of Korea image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Could go Mainstream Within 10 Years: Imperial College Research Twitter  When will cryptocurrencies gain widespread adoption?  According to a study conducted by researchers at the  Imperial College London , cryptocurrencies possess the potential of becoming a widely used form of payment within the coming decade.  In their research report  titled  “Cryptocurrencies: Overcoming Barriers to Trust and Adoption” Imperial College London’s Professor William Knottenbelt and Imperial College Business School’s Dr. Zeynup Gurguc, argued that so far cryptocurrencies are already acting as a store of value just like fiat currencies.  Scalability and Design Improvements Needed  However, cryptocurrencies are yet to effectively serve as units of account or mediums of exchange. In order to satisfy the last two functions just like fiat currencies currently do,  Bitcoin , as well as other cryptocurrencies, will be required to improve in various areas including design and scalability. At the moment, for instance, a big number of cryptocurrencies are built on blockchains which are not designed to handle high transaction volumes.  Additionally, cryptocurrencies will also have to adopt more user-friendly designs to make them usable by those who do not possess specialist knowledge of them. Price movements of cryptocurrencies will also have to stabilize and become less volatile if they are to be widely adopted. Having a standardized regulatory approach across the globe will also assist substantially.  New Era  With these improvements according to Knottenbelt and Gurguc, it will be possible for cryptocurrencies to herald a new technological dawn with regards to how money is spent.  The researchers from Imperial College, also noted that every time  money  evolved, say from cowrie shells and other objects of value to coins and notes, there has been a reduction in payments friction. Per the researchers, cryptocurrencies could serve to reduce payments friction in the global economy.  “The world of cryptocurrency is evolving as rapidly as the considerable collection of confusing terminology that accompanies it. These decentralised technologies have the potential to upend everything we thought we knew about the nature of financial systems and financial assets, ” wrote Prof. Knottenbelt.  Blockchain and Cryptocurrency Initiatives  Imperial College, which boasts of 14 Nobel Prize winners, has had a research center known as Center for Cryptocurrency Research and Engineering focusing on blockchain initiatives since September 2015. Knottenbelt has been serving as the director of the center since its inception.  Early last year digital assets software platform, Blockchain, partnered with Imperial College to unveil the  Digital Asset Research Lab . The goal of the lab is to explore blockchain technology’s transformative potential.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Still in a Good Position After 70% Fall: Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao Twitter  Changpeng Zhao (CZ), the founder and CEO at the world ’s biggest crypto exchange Binance, has said that bitcoin is still in a positive position after its 70 percent fall since early 2018, especially considering its strong rally throughout 2017.  Crypto Market is Better in Every Way  From January to December of 2017, the price of bitcoin increased from $890 to $20,000, by more than 2150 percent. In comparison to mid-2017, the volume of bitcoin has increased by five-fold, signifying a significant surge in demand and interest towards cryptocurrencies as an emerging asset class from investors in the public market.  In an interview with Bianca Chen, a cryptocurrency researcher and reporter in Zug, Switzerland, CZ said that the cryptocurrency sector is in a better position than a year ago, in terms of infrastructure, price, volume, and mainstream interest.  “Just checked, btc price was $2500 a year ago, today $6800. Trading volume for btc was 780m a year ago, today is 3.4b. There you go,” CZ  said .  In mid-2017, the cryptocurrency sector did not have any proper infrastructure in place for both retail and institutional investors. As of July, the crypto market has an institutional platform called Coinbase Custody established, with which hedge funds, academic institutions, and pensions can purchase many millions of dollars worth of digital assets like bitcoin and ether, the n ative cryptocurrency of the Ethereum blockchain protocol.  Major banks and financial institutions such as JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley have publicly disclosed their intent to facilitate the growing demand from their clients in the traditional finance sector towards cryptocurrencies by operating digital asset trading desks and exchanges in the future, once regulatory uncertainty around the crypto exchange market is cleare d by the financial authorities of the US.  Most recently, at the Economic Club of New York conference, Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein said that if government-operated fiat currencies can dominate the financial system, consensus currencies can also emerge as dominant mediums of exchange.  More to that, Blankfein emphasized that it is arrogant to think cryptocurrencies simply cannot work because they are based on new fundamentals, principles, and philosophies.  “If you go through that fiat currency where they say this is worth what it’s worth because I, the government, says it is, why couldn’t you have a consensus currency? And so it ’s not for me, I don ’t do it, I own no bitcoin. Goldman Sachs as far as I know … has no bitcoin, but if it does work out, I could give you the historical path why that could have happened. I ’m not in this school of saying … because it ’s uncomfortable with me, because it ’s unfamiliar, this can ’t happen, that ’s too arrogant,” Blankfein  said .  So Where Does Bitcoin Go Next?  Similar to the 2014 correction, the drop in the price of bitcoin in 2018 was caused by the bubble of retail investors. The recognition of cryptocurrencies as an emerging asset class by banks, leading economies, and governments like the US, Japan, and South Korea will enable the next FOMO, fear of missing out, amongst large-scale investors and institutions.  Featured image from YouTube/ Piergiorgio Borgogno .  
INCREASE	   The Pirate Bay Is Using Visitors ’ Computers to Mine Monero Again Twitter  The notorious torrent index site  The Pirate Bay  has resumed using users’ CPU to mine Monero (XMR) on their website.  On July 4th, The Pirate Bay added a disclaimer at the bottom of their website which stated:  “By entering TPB you agree to XMR being mined using your CPU. If you don ’t agree please leave now or install an adBlocker”  As CCN  reported , The Pirate Bay conducted a one-day trial back in September to test out mining Monero using visitors CPU’s. The website utilized a tool called  Coinhive  which allowed developers to include a simple script which would then use the website user’s CPU to perform mining which utilizes a significant portion of resources. Since October, The Pirate Bay has started using crypto-mining alongside advertisements on their website.   Although several users have claimed that they do not mind mining to support the website and viewed it as a healthy alternative to obstructive advertising, The Pirate Bay has been criticized for using resources without the consent of the user and has then suspended mining. Crypto-mining via the browser can cause a decrease in performance and can subsequently heat up the computer. It could also affect the longevity of the CPU.  Although there have been websites which use tools like Coinhive as a legitimate alternative to advertising while limiting the amount of CPU resources they use, Crypto-mining malware has become a lucrative option for hackers. Government  websites , Automobile manufacturer  Tesla  and sites like Politifact have all fallen victims to such attacks. Users are advised to install extensions such as  NoCoin  and  uBlock Origin  to protect themselves from such malicious scripts.  In a  report  last month, Kaspersky Lab, a Russian cybersecurity firm, stated that there has been a significant shift from ransomware-related attacks to crypto-mining malware. The report stated that there has been a decline of 30% in ransomware whereas crypto-mining related malwares increased by about 44.5% in a single year. It is believed that the reason for such a massive shift was the fact that crypto-jacking was more discrete and profitable compared to ransomware leading to a massive increase in crypto-mining malware targeting both PC’s and mobiles.  In a similar research conducted by McAfee, an American cybersecurity company, it was revealed that crypto-mining related attacks increased by 600 percent in the first quarter of 2018 alone. Steve Grobman, CTO of McAfee, stated “With the rise in the value of cryptocurrencies, market forces are driving criminals to crypto jacking and the theft of cryptocurrency.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Yuan Trading Below 1% of Global Total after Crackdown, Says China’s Central Bank Twitter  The much-publicized and controversial crackdown by China ’s central bank on the country ’s domestic cryptocurrency sector has had its desired effect.  The People’s Bank of China (PBoC) – the country’s central bank and financial regulator – has released data that claims bitcoin trading in China’s fiat currency, the renminbi (RMB), has dropped below 1 percent of the world’s trading. The data was reported by China’s official state-run press agency,  Xinhua .  While the central bank report is yet to surface in the mainstream, the government news agency added that the PBoC recognized that China’s trading volumes accounted for over 90 percent of the global bitcoin trading volumes before the authority mandated the crippling curbs.  The Xinhua report also revealed that the PBoC had shut down a total of 88 cryptocurrency exchange platforms and 85 initial coin offering (ICO) exchanges and platforms since September 2017, ushering them toward a ‘zero-risk exit’, according to the publication.  China ’s central bank began its crypto crackdown in early 2017 culminating in the September 2017 ban.  As reported by CCN, China’s central bank introduced  an instant blanket ban  on all initial coin offerings (ICOs) in the country after classifying them as an illegal method of fundraising. A radical new form of fundraising powered by cryptocurrencies, the PBoC claimed ICOs had “seriously disrupted the economic and financial order”. Other nations including the likes of Thailand, Australia, Malta, Singapore, the United States and the United Kingdom have all released regulations or guidelines that have largely allowed ICOs to operate domestically.  Following the ICO ban, China quickly expanded those restrictions to include cryptocurrency trading platforms and exchanges. By the turn of September 2017, BTCC – one of China’s former ‘big three’ crypto exchanges – and the world’s first bitcoin exchange  shuttered its doors  in the country to move its base of operations to friendlier jurisdictions elsewhere. The trend has seen other exchanges including big-three competitors Huobi and OKCoin, and Binance, now the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange, move to other countries.  The Xinhua report also indicates that China isn’t likely to lift its ban on bitcoin and cryptocurrency trading anytime soon, which now extends to  the censorship of overseas trading platforms . The central bank has blocked a total of 110 websites, including Binance and Huobi, the report said. Further, Chinese regulators are also reportedly working with major online payment platforms like Alipay to crackdown on direct peer-to-peer trading and have so far disabled some 3,000 accounts.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Australia’s Tax Agency Will Target Cryptocurrency Investors ’ Trading Beyond Borders Twitter  The Australian Tax Office (ATO) will chase citizens hiding their cryptocurrency trading gains offshore to remind them of their tax obligations using data sharing agreements with other nations.  Australia’s tax authority will use advanced data-matching techniques through existing data sharing agreements with other nations to target crypto investors trading on offshore exchanges at a time when CPA Australia – the country’s accounting body – estimates ‘hundreds of thousands’ of Australian taxpayers to file crypto-related declarations for the first time ever.  Speaking to the  Australian Financial Review  ($), ATO acting deputy commissioner Martin Jacobs revealed the authority is “not really alarmed” by potential crypto-specific tax compliance risks. However, he added:  “Where people attempt to deliberately avoid these obligations we will attempt to take action. We have a range of existing powers that are designed to address unexplained wealth and conspicuous consumption that may arise through profits derived through cryptocurrency investment. ”  As reported previously, the ATO is using  a 100-point identification check system  using advanced data-matching techniques to investigate cryptocurrency investors after classifying cryptocurrencies like bitcoin as an ‘asset’ liable for capital gains taxes (CGT) under its  official guidance  published earlier this year.  The ATO has already been strengthened under  new cryptocurrency regulations  that have allowed authorities to effectively pinpoint and  monitor the transactions  of any single investor registered with Australia’s domestic cryptocurrency exchanges.  “This will enable data exchanges to collect cryptocurrency trading information, which we ’ll be able to access and use in our engagement activities, ” Jacobs told the AFR.  Australia is also part of the five-member Joint Chiefs of Global Tax Enforcement (J5) alliance, alongside tax officials from Britain, Canada, the U.S., and the Netherlands. In an  announcement  last week, the group confirmed a new joint-initiative to specifically combat transnational financial crimes using cryptocurrencies.  Meanwhile, the ATO believes that tax implications from major gains will be ‘confined to a few individuals’, according to Jacobs.  He stated:  “Our feeling is that the vast majority of investors who joined the bubble in 2017 are likely to be in the loss position as opposed to a gain. The other assumption is they probably haven ’t disposed of their cryptocurrency. They might just be holding it. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Remains Above $6,700 as Crypto Market Stabilizes; Another Fall Inevitable? Twitter  The bitcoin price has remained above the $6,700 mark over the past 24 hours, as major digital assets like ether, Ripple (XRP), and Bitcoin Cash (BCH) demonstrated stability.   Is Another Fall to Low $6,000 Inevitable?  Previous reports of CCN noted that bitcoin and the rest of the cryptocurrency market will likely experience a movement to the downside than a spike over the $7,000 mark due to the lack of volume and momentum, despite the stability in the market.  Over the past 10 days, the price trend of bitcoin replicated its movement from May 29 to June 9, experiencing stability for over a week with relatively low volatility. In early June, after bitcoin maintained stability in the $7,300 to $7,700 range for around 11 days, it experienced a sell-off from $7,600 to $5,755, triggered by consecutive large sell orders that overpowered investors.  If bitcoin can sustain its current momentum and achieve $7,000 in the upcoming days, a short-term rally to the mid-$7,000 region is a possibility. But, if bitcoin falls back to mid-$6,000, a fall below the $6,000 mark is still highly likely.  Previously, BitMEX CEO Arthur Hayes said that the price of bitcoin will likely bottom out in the range of $3,000 to $5,000 before initiating a large rally back to its all-time high and eventually, to $50,000.  “Absolutely [I stand by $50,000 prediction by 2018]. I think something [bitcoin] that goes up to $20,000 in one year can have a correction down to $6,000. I think we can find a bottom in the $3,000 to $5,000 range, but we are one positive regulatory decision away, maybe an ETF approved by the SEC, to climbing through $20,000 and even to $50,000 by the end of 2018,” stated Hayes.  Clem Chambers, the CEO at financial data provider ADVFN, echoed a similar sentiment as Hayes and said that the price of BTC will probably hit $2,000 before it recovers to $20,000 by the end of the year.  “It will probably hit $2,000 before it hits $20,000,” said Chambers, explaining that fiat currencies are simply insufficient for the global financial system. “They [fiat currencies] are not creating enough money to make the world go around. The cryptocurrencies are filling that vacuum. Because that’s an economic suction going on there and the cryptocurrencies are filling that vacuum. It will generate an economic lift (for Bitcoin).”  Generally, high profile investors and experts in the cryptocurrency sector believe that a surge beyond the current all-time high of BTC at $20,000 by the end of 2018 is highly likely, but another fall below the $6,000 mark is inevitable.  Possibility of Reversal  Still, the cryptocurrency market changes based on various factors and conditions. A key regulatory change could lead the market to reverse its bear cycle and allow volumes of major digital assets to pickup.  Bitcoin is still in the same condition as a month ago. Its volume is low and there isn’t enough demand to push it to major support levels. If bitcoin surpasses the $7,000 region in the upcoming days, a reversal is a possibility.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   AI Reads 100 ICO Papers, Publishes a Crypto Whitepaper: Here ’s How it Sounds Twitter  Clay Space, a blockchain researcher and the founder of Blockspace Media, recently ran a study by feeding an artificial intelligence (AI) system 100 initial coin offering (ICO) whitepapers and having it produce its own.  Essentially, through the utilization of AI and machine learning, Space had an AI system, which previously had no knowledge of cryptocurrency or ICO, read through many ICO papers and write its own whitepaper. After a hundred whitepapers, the AI came up with an ICO whitepaper that almost identically resembles the structure of the majority of ICO whitepapers currently in existence .  Structure  The random whitepaper produced by the AI system used by Space created a paper with the following structure:  Introduction Problem Uses of the Token Purchasing ICO Use of Funds Team  In the third portion, entitled uses of the token, the AI-written whitepaper laid out the following use cases of the blockchain: decentralization, immutability, staking, DAO, consensus, voting, and governance, basically every buzzword available in the blockchain sector.  The fourth portion, called purchasing ICOs, included normal public sale processes and structures employed by most ICOs in the market. The portion, which if replaced with a part of a well known ICO investors wouldn’t be able to recognize the difference, read:  “It will seek to raise 20 million dollars over twenty five days, with a minimum cap of 40 trillion dollars. If the minimum is not raised before the end of the ICO all money will be returned to the team. Investment can be made in Bitcoin but should always be made in Ethereum and from a wallet that you own. Your private keys like to have privacy.”  The fifth portion, entitled use of funds, sounded nearly identical to the majority of the ICO whitepapers in the market. It stated that 80 percent of funds will go to the development of the platform and 20 percent of funds will be distributed to the market.  “80% of funds will go to developing the platform. 20% of funds will go to supporting the market. The final 35% of funds will pay team members and travel plans. Token burns will take place when a user joins the Telegram and Slack channel and talks about fire,” read the fifth portion, with some grammatical errors.  The last portion, which touched on the team and advisors, stated, “our team is big and has over 40 years of blockchain experience. Vitalik Buterin was critical in creating Ethereum Classic and is advising our ICO.”  Striking Similarities  The simplistic structure of the AI-generate whitepaper almost exactly replicates the majority of ICO whitepapers in the market. The pattern of ICOs have become so obvious and predictable, with noticeable buzzwords and blockchain jargons, that by reading 100 ICOs, AI has gained the ability to write whitepapers that can be introduced to both newcomers and existing investors in th e market and be convincing enough for most.  The study conducted by Space has shown the predictability and lack of originality in most emerging ICOs, and it is difficult to expect anything from the ICO market given that thousands of projects are entering the ICO market on a monthly basis.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Fiat Withdrawals Could Become ‘Impossible’, Warns Major Indian Cryptocurrency Exchange Twitter  As the date for India’s banking ban on the cryptocurrency sector approaches, Zebpay  – one of India’s biggest exchanges  – is proactively warning users that their fiat deposits could be affected.  Bitcoin wallet and exchange platform Zebpay, one of India’s largest crypto firms, has warned its customers that their fiat rupee withdrawals could stop altogether in the near future, a consequence of the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) recent ban.  On April 5 th , the central bank  published a circular  mandating regulated financial institutions including domestic banks to prohibit services to cryptocurrency businesses like exchanges. The central bank mandated a three-month deadline and it’s plausible that cryptocurrency exchanges could see their bank accounts shuttered by July 5.  In such an event, customers will no longer be able to withdraw their deposited rupees, India’s fiat currency, from cryptocurrency exchanges.  In an  announcement  on Saturday (first published on Thursday), Zebpay stated:  In light of that [RBI circular], please note that if Zebpay bank accounts are disrupted, rupee deposits and withdrawals will become impossible. This can cause discontinuation of crypto trade based on rupees, or at least cause significant price movements.  Pointedly, the exchange stressed that customers will only be able to resume withdrawing their fiat deposits if “Zebpay has banking services that permit such withdrawal” after the July 5 th  deadline has passed.   Zebpay Announcement: Your Rupee Withdrawals Could Stop  pic.twitter.com/DFQOWC1gBs  — zebpay (@zebpay)  June 21, 2018   In a  related-FAQ , the exchange said its ‘present intention is to allow crypto-INR pairs” after their bank accounts are shut in order to allow users buy crypto with their frozen fiat deposits. However, Zebpay warned it “cannot guarantee that we will continue the crypto-INR trade pairs forever”, stating it’s unable to currently “fathom all the consequences” of the looming banking blackout.  Prices took a sharp plunge amid a spike in trading volumes surrounding the announcement, sinking to a low of ₹350,782, approximately $5,150, after trading near ₹460,000 ($6,758) within a 24-hour period. At press-time, prices have seemingly stabilized above ₹400,000 with bitcoin trading at ₹414,000 ($6,081) domestically on Monday afternoon.      Earlier this month, the central bank revealed it had conducted  no research nor consulted any opinions  from experts or the government prior to enforcing the arbitrary banking ban on the cryptocurrency sector.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitmain ’s Mining Pools Now Control Nearly 51 Percent of the Bitcoin Hashrate Twitter  Bitcoin mining pools controlled by China-based industry giant Bitmain now account for more than 40 percent of the total Bitcoin hashrate, raising new concerns about miner centralization.  Bitmain Hashrate Inches Toward 51 Percent  According to data from  CoinDance , bitcoin mining pools BTC.com and Antpool have mined 25.5 percent and 16.5 percent, respectively, of all bitcoin blocks over the past seven days.  Both of these mining pools are owned by  Bitmain   — the world ’s largest producer of application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC) miners  — meaning that the firm now has influence over at least 42 percent of the  Bitcoin  hashrate. The two pools also control a combined 21.3 percent of the  Bitcoin Cash  hashrate, which operates on the same algorithm (SHA-256) as Bitcoin.  Bitcoin Mining Distribution | Source: CoinDance  At this level, Bitmain is dangerously close to controlling 51 percent of the Bitcoin hashrate, a mark that would theoretically allow it to attempt a  51 percent attack  against the network. Such attacks have recently been successfully deployed against a number of smaller altcoins, including Litecoin Cash, Bitcoin Gold, Verge, Litecoin Cash, and Monacoin.  There is far less financial incentive to attack Bitcoin, but some in the community nevertheless worry that  — given CEO  Jihan Wu ‘s support for bitcoin cash and controversial scaling proposal  SegWit2x   — Bitmain might launch a malicious attack against the network anyway. That ’s a very unlikely scenario, but critics argue that the fact that it is a discussion at all means that bitcoin mining is too centralized.  It ’s not clear what percentage of the hashrate belongs to devices physically-operated by Bitmain, but that point is somewhat moot since pool operators control the block templates for the entire pool. This means that, as long as those devices are pointed at Antpool or BTC.com, Bitmain can decide what transactions the pool will process (and which, if any, it won ’t).  We’ve been here before. In 2014, now-defunct mining pool Ghash briefly  crossed the 51 percent threshold  but in response to community concern encouraged users to move some of their hashpower to other pools. However, it does not appear that Bitmain intends to take a similar tack.  In fact, Antpool recently began a zero-fee promotion that will continue through mid-September in a bid to attract even more miners to its platform. While the pool supports a variety of cryptocurrency mining algorithms, the promotion explicitly lists bitcoin as one of the coins that will be exempt from fees.  Bitmain did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  ‘BetterHash ’ Aims to Decentralize Bitcoin Mining  Nevertheless, a solution to the threat of miner centralization may be on the horizon.  As CCN  reported , concerns over hashrate centralization inspired Bitcoin Core developer Matt Corallo to develop “BetterHash,” a draft proposal designed to decentralize bitcoin mining.  In short, he advocates replacing Stratum, the current bitcoin mining protocol, with two new protocols. This will allow individual miners to construct their own block templates (or select one from a third party) rather than being forced to use the one chosen by the operator of the mining pool at which they direct their hashrate.  In addition to providing miners with more autonomy, the implementation of these new protocols should reduce the ability of a malicious mining pool operator to use their position to attack the network.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Rises 5% Avoiding Lower End of $5,000, Theta and Ontology Rise 21% Twitter  The bitcoin price has risen by over 5 percent in the past 24 hours, as the cryptocurrency market recorded a slight recovery. Theta and Ontology recorded a rise of over 21%, becoming the best performers of the market as of June 25.   Potential BTC Scenarios  After dipping to a monthly low at $235 billion, the valuation of the cryptocurrency market increased to $251 billion, by $16 billion. Overall, the volume of major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ethereum have risen substantially in the last 24 hours, improving market conditions.’  Yesterday, the volume of Tether, a stablecoin whose value is hedged to the value of the US dollar, was over $3 billion, while the volume of bitcoin remained at around $3.5 billion and Ethereum’s volume was $1.5 billion. At one point, the volume of Tether was 76 percent higher than Ethereum signifying the volatility in the market and the instability of major cryptocurrencies.  The recovery of the volume of Ethereum from $1.5 billion to over $2 billion and the volume of bitcoin from $3.5 billion to $4 billion demonstrate an improvement in the market’s short-term trend, which previously showed an overly strong downtrend with complete control from bears.  If the bitcoin price rebounds to over $6,400 in the upcoming two to three days with continuous bullish momentum shown on various momentum indicators including the RSI divergence, it is likely that the bitcoin price experience a short-term corrective rally, potentially to above $7,000. But, if BTC closes the day below the $6,100 mark, it is unlikely to see a short-term recovery to the $7,000 region.  The abrupt increase in the price of bitcoin on June 24 that allowed the cryptocurrency market to avoid a steep decline to the lower end of $200 billion was the start of a minor corrective rally, and for BTC to continue its run to $7,000, it will need to maintain its momentum around this region.  In previous instances wherein the bitcoin price recovered to major support levels at $8,000 and $10,000, the volume of BTC remained well above $6 to $7 billion, while the volume of Tether and other stablecoins remained relatively low. To initiate a short-term bullish rally, BTC will have to experience a spike in its volume.  Ontology and Theta  Theta and Ontology were the best performing tokens on June 25 with a gain of over 21 percent. The market valuation of Ontology has increased from $645 million to $790 million, by more than $145 million.  Even during bear cycles, Ontology performs well in contrast to other tokens because on major cryptocurrencies like Binance and OKEx, Ontology has Tether support. Ontology remains as one of the few tokens alongside ICON, Tron, and VeChain to receive Tether support.  Ontology has also been one of the very few tokens with stable price trends amidst the third worst correction in the history of the market. Against bitcoin, Ontology has been able to hold its level pretty well, in comparison to other major tokens like ICX and TRX that have fallen substantially against BTC.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘Overwinter ’ Upgrade Looms as Zcash Prepares for Its First Hard Fork Twitter  ZCash, a privacy-based cryptocurrency, is about to undergo its first hard fork.  The network upgrade, dubbed Overwinter, is intended to be activated at block 347,500  – it ’s  currently  at 347, 253- and is scheduled to go live on June 26. ZCash is a fork of bitcoin which uses a cryptography principle called “zero-knowledge proofs” which allows users to shield transaction amount and details all while being publicly recorded on the blockchain.  The Zerocoin electric coin company had  announced  this upgrade on its official blog back in March and subsequently  released  a fork-compatible software client at the end of May. The company states the  “purpose of Overwinter is to strengthen the protocol for future network upgrades, paving the way for the Zcash Sapling network upgrade later this year.” The fork also includes versioning, replay protection for network upgrades, performance enhancements, and a transaction expiry feature among others.  Sapling , scheduled to go live by the end of the year, is a protocol upgrade which aims to increase transaction efficiency and scalability for shielded transactions to further drive mainstream adoption. Overwinter is expected to allow for smoother future upgrades such as Sapling.  The  ‘Overwinter ’ hard fork will help prepare the Zcash network for Sapling, an upcoming upgrade in October.  Further, this fork introduces a new feature called “transaction expiry” which allows to automatically cancel transactions which are not included into a block even after a being in the waiting queue for an hour. This hopes to solve the problem of clogging the network memory pool if users do not wish to repeat the transaction with higher fees. The upgrade also fixes a hashing bug which makes certain transactions heavier and introduces signature verification performance to prevent long verification times.  Cryptocurrency exchanges including Binance, Gemini, Bitfinex, Poloniex etc., are among the list of supported third parties.  ZCash (ZEC) was  announced to be listed  on the Gemini exchange earlier this year and has been seen as a serious contender to the other privacy-based coin Monero. Privacy based coins such as ZCash and Monero came under the  scrutiny  of US House of Representatives after a prepared testimony by the Secret Service calling for additional legislation and regulatory actions given their anonymity. The company claimed that it is in the best interest of US Citizens, Congress, and Secret Service to advocate for the privacy rights of the citizens in a response to this in a  blog post .  Users have been advised to avoid any transactions one hour before the fork is set to take place. All the nodes on the network are required to run the latest software to stay on the forked chain and to avoid any possible chain splits.  Images from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   South Korea Denies Rumors of 10% Tax on Cryptocurrency Trading Profits Twitter  The South Korean government’s Ministry of Strategy and Finance has refuted a recent news report that claimed authorities are preparing to levy a 10% capital gains tax on cryptocurrency profits.  On June 22, domestic media outlet  Chosun  cited a ‘high-ranking government official’ to claim that the government was preparing to slap a flat 10 percent tax rate on profits from cryptocurrency returns irrespective of the size of the investment.  “We have already decided to tax profits from investments in cryptocurrency,” the government official was quoted as stating. “The question is only how much time we should give investors and when to start implementing it. ”  The government had decided to classify those profits as “other income”, the report claimed, suggesting that the government did not view cryptocurrencies as financial or investment products.  Under domestic taxation laws, ‘other income’ pertains to irregular or a temporary income unlike an earned income. This supposed 10 percent tax was reportedly being considered to be included in a revised tax bill this year with a one to two-year grace period before coming into effect.  However, the Ministry of Strategy and Finance – the government agency that oversees its financial policies – has moved to rubbish the report,  claiming  it “is different from the fact.”  A report from  Business Korea  further adds the likelihood of taxation will ‘take a considerable [period of] time”, even if the government decides to mandate taxes on crypto trading profits. It would be necessary to establish a legal system to source details of any relevant taxation information from domestic cryptocurrency exchanges before enforcing a tax framework, the report added.  Despite previous reports of a tax plan that was expected to be  announced in June , the tax division of the Ministry of Information and Communication is expected to propose a revision of the tax bill at the National Assembly in August this year. The South Korean government has notably been studying taxation frameworks in other countries including Japan, Germany and the United States, among others.  In related news, Thailand’s tax authority recently  waived a 7% value added tax  (VAT) on individual cryptocurrency adopters to reduce their tax burden which already sees a 15% capital gains tax on crypto investment returns.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Drop, Hacks, and FEC Regulations: This Week in Crypto Twitter  Bitcoin Price Watch:  Bitcoin is down 8% this week  continuing a trend of an almost 20% drop over the last month. Earlier today, the bitcoin price hit a low for 2018 of $5,825 causing  analysts to draw comparisons to 2014  when Bitcoin experienced an 80% correction. Despite the precipitous drop, analysts have remained optimistic because Mt. Gox liquidation is  over for 2018 , and the  impending launch of Coinbase custody  which is expected to draw institutional investors to the cryptocurrency markets.   Ethereum is down 11% this week  despite a recent landmark SEC ruling that Ether does not constitute a  security . The drop follows a pattern observed by analysts many times over the past year where altcoins mirror Bitcoin with more exaggerated moves. The entire coin market cap is down 13% this week  following a precipitous drop by  EOS  this week. Analysts have blamed the fall on an  overly bullish rally  before the main net launch and recent criticism over EOS constitution and how centralized it is. So far  34 accounts  have been frozen due to  phishing .  Bulls:  eToro CEO compares crypto to 2001 Apple :  Following a trend of major investment personas comparing Bitcoin to a bubble, eToro CEO Yoni Assia has stated that  “selling crypto now is like selling Apple in 2001 ”. Fund Manager bullish in anticipation  of Custody  –  Kyle Samani , Managing Partner of  Multicoin Capital  made a prediction to Bloomberg that it would bring in  “big money ”. While Samani did not peg a number,  Ethereum  and  Cardano  co-founder  Charles Hoskinson  has  predicted  it will be in the trillions Bitcoin will hit 60,000 this year   according to  Blackmore Group  CEO  Phillip Nunn . The Bitcoin Evangelist is standing by his prediction despite Bitcoins price falling below $6,000. He further stated his prediction was based on market volatility, which we ’re currently seeing.  Regulation:  South Korea fears regulation will  “legitimize market ” –  At a recent policy advisory meeting, the director of  KFIU  confirmed that the government delayed regulating cryptocurrencies for years because it would  “legitimize ” a market the government viewed as piece-meal.  Hacks:  $1 million stolen in Siacoin cryptojacking attack  –  In China, over 100,000 internet café computers have been infected with malware designed to mine cryptocurrencies. Unlike most cryptojacking malware, which limits its resouThrce usage to avoid detection, this malware runs at full speed resulting in higher electricity costs and computers becoming unusable. Sixteen have been arrested so far. Bithumb hacked 3x in 12 months   – Korean exchange Bithumb has been hacked a third time in the past year. This follows the hacking of another Korean exchange,  Coinrail  and  was cited as a reason  for increased regulation in the country. Blockchain Researcher predicts EOS will lead to  ‘Massive Exchange Hack ’   –   Cornell professor Emin Gün Sirer has predicted that a vulnerability in EOS, caused by its centralization and its teams inability to handle safety issues in the past will lead to a massive exchange hack, affecting even those who don ’t use EOS.  Adoption:  U.S. Senate Candidate  Austin Petersen  was forced to return a $130,000 Bitcoin donation.  I interviewed Petersen  earlier this week  about the implications of Bitcoin on federal elections. Overall, Mr. Petersen has received over 24 bitcoins and has been forced to return multiple other large donations because they violated FEC rules. Bitcoin Mining in China continues to flourish  despite  increased regulation  across the cryptocurrency sector little to no regulation has been enacted to stop mining. Square granted  ‘BitLicense ’  in NY-  Square , a publicly held fintech company headed by Twitter CEO  Jack Dorsey  was granted a license to exchange virtual currencies in New York through the  Department of Financial Services . Square is now the seventh company granted such a license NANO Android App is not Safe   –  Just hours after its release, NANO is urging users to move funds from its Android app. The  vulnerability , while hard to exploit in practice, is still more bad press for a coin recovering from a  massive hack  earlier this year.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   China Ranks EOS as the #1 Blockchain, Bitcoin Doesn ’t Make Top Ten Twitter  Last week, China Electronic Information Industry Development (CCID) updated its blockchain rankings that previously ranked Ethereum as the best blockchain network in the global market.  After pausing its blockchain network subsequent to the discovery of critical bugs,  suspending 27 user accounts  without reasoning, and  receiving criticism  from prominent experts like Cornell University professor Emin Gun Sirer and smart contracts pioneer Nick Szabo, EOS was ranked by the Chinese government as the best blockchain network in the world, ahead of Ethereum.  The Chinese government ranked EOS at the top, claiming EOS is the best blockchain network in the world by technology and innovation, as seen in the table below provided by  Coinness.   Not a Perfect Ranking  No blockchain ranking can ever be perfect, because thousands of blockchain projects that are currently in existence can be segregated into at least 10 different categories, including smart contracts, payment, proof-of-stake (PoS), bank protocol, utility token, tokenized security, and appcoins.  Hence, depending on the criteria of the ranking, there could be discrepancy in the ranking of top blockchain networks.  However, there should exist fundamentals and base criteria in judging blockchain protocols. The Chinese government’s  CCID  blockchain rating has a decent structure involving three criteria: technology, application, and innovation.  This week, the CCID ranking placed EOS at the top of its list, with 102 points in its technology, 15.4 points in applicability, and 44.1 points in innovation. In contrast, Ethereum, ranked as the second-best blockchain network by the Chinese government, recorded 85.2 points in technology, 24.9 points in applicability, and 28.3 points in innovation.  The technology criterion likely refers to the proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus algorithm of EOS and its ability to process significantly more transactions than proof-of-work (PoW) blockchains as a result. Given that Ethereum is aiming to become a hybrid PoW and PoS blockchain network in the future, it is fair to give additional points to EOS for its successful integration of PoS.  But, EOS is still based on the Ethereum network and without the Ethereum base layer, EOS does not exist. Hence, in technology and applicability, Ethereum should be ahead of EOS.  Relatively high points given to EOS in the criterion of innovation also has to do with its large capacity due to its PoS protocol. The Ethereum open-source development community currently has more than 250,000 developers working on scaling solutions like Sharding and Plasma, which Ethereum creator Vitalik Buterin previously said that could increase the transaction capacity of E thereum to 1 million transactions per second.  In consideration of the efforts being made by the Ethereum community to scale its blockchain network organically without creating a tradeoff between scalability and decentralization, it can also be argued that Ethereum could be ahead of EOS in innovation.  “The reason I think layer 1 and layer 2 [networks] are complementary is that ultimately, if you look at the math, the scalability gains from the layer 1 improvements and layer 2 improvements do ultimately multiply with each other. If you have a Sharding solution, the Sharding solution itself might increase the scalability of Ethereum by a factor of 100, or eventually even more.  But then, if you do Plasma on top of the scalability solution, then what that means is, you’re not just doing 100 times of the amount of activity but you are doing 100 times the amount of entrances, the amount of exits, and despite resolutions,”  Buterin said.  EOS is a Good Project  EOS is one of the better PoS projects in the market and it is still in its infancy, given that the project’s mainnet has been live for less than a week. EOS has the potential to evolve into the best blockchain protocol in the world but to claim that a blockchain network that has existed for a week with a relatively small developer community is the leading blockchain protocol is  premature.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Eyes Comeback as 250 Million New Tethers Enter Circulation Twitter  Cryptocurrency startup Tether issued $250 million in new tokens on Monday, sparking speculation that a bitcoin price rally could be inbound.  Blockchain data indicates that  Tether , the creator of cryptocurrency “stablecoin” USDT (colloquially called tether), issued 250 million new tokens this morning, June 25.  USDT, which is pegged to USD at a 1-to-1 ratio, serves as a proxy for physical dollars on many cryptocurrency exchanges, owing to the fact that many trading platforms have  difficulty  obtaining the banking relationships necessary to hold fiat currency on behalf of customers. Over the past 24 hours, tether’s $4.2 billion in trading volume was second-highest among all cryptocurrencies, ranking behind only bitcoin.  Source: Omni Explorer  That Tether is issuing new tokens is an indication that new capital is flowing into the cryptocurrency markets, since  — at least according to the company  — tokens are created when individuals or organizations deposit physical dollars into Tether’s reserve bank accounts.  Consequently, the release of these tokens could be a bullish indicator for the  bitcoin price  (and by extension the wider cryptocurrency market), considering, of course, that the owner could hold them for an indefinite period of time before trading them.  Monday’s creation of 250 million new tokens marked the first significant tether issuance since May 18, when Tether issued $250 million in USDT. The bitcoin price rose in the days following this event, from $8,100 on May 18 to $8,500 on May 21. However, that rally proved to be short-lived, and the bitcoin price shed more than $2,300 in the weeks that have followed.  Questions have long swirled about Tether ’s solvency, particularly since the firm has never released an independent audit of its balance sheet.  Hwwever, last week, legal firm Freeh, Sporkin  & Sullivan LLP (FSS)  released a report  indicating that USDT was fully-backed by physical dollars stored in Tether bank accounts, as of June 1. While not a full audit, the report was an important step toward rebutting  allegations  that the company has operated a fractional reserve, using unbacked tokens to manipulate the bitcoin price at key points during market swings.  The token currently has a circulating market cap of more than $2.6 billion, making it the 11th-largest cryptocurrency. According to Tether ’s  “Transparency ” page, the firm is holding more than $3 billion in its reserve bank accounts, indicating that it could issue approximately $400 million in new tokens without exceeding its assets.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Sun, Fun and Crypto  – Bahamas’ Central Bank Set to Introduce a Digital Currency Twitter  The Bahamas has joined a small list of countries that are planning to experiment with  central bank digital currencies  (CBCD).  The country’s Deputy Prime Minister who also doubles up as Minister of Finance, K. Peter Turnquest,  announced  during the recently held ‘The Bahamas Blockchain and Cryptocurrency Conference’ that a pilot digital currency will be introduced by the Central Bank of The Bahamas.  With The Bahamas consisting of over 700 islands, islets and cays, Turnquest said that the digital currency would assist in banking the unbanked. This comes in the wake of many commercial banks in the archipelagic state downsizing and leaving communities without vital banking services.  A Necessity, not a Fad  With a central bank digital currency the need to travel long distances to access these services would be reduced thus making life more convenient in a country where transportation is problematic and expensive, per Turnquest. The Deputy Prime Minister of The Bahamas also pointed out that a digital currency would improve the ease of doing business in the country.  “Digitization of our government and financial services complements both our ease of doing business initiatives and our digital Bahamas framework,”  said  Turnquest.  The island nation of Bahamas will see plenty of benefits with a digital currency.  In North America, The Bahamas is joined in exploring CBDCs by Canada. This follows the publication of a  staff discussion paper  late last year by the Bank of Canada, the country’s central bank. The paper authored by Walter Engert and Ben Fung focused on the impact a digital currency issued by the BoC would have on financial stability, the banking system, and the monetary policy among other issues.  Declining Use of Cash a Leading Motivator  Other countries whose central banks are toying with the idea of CBDCs include Norway and Sweden. Last month Norges, the central bank of Norway, released a  working paper  which discussed a  central bank digital currency  at length. According to the working paper, the aim of the digital currency would be to serve as a legal tender and supplement cash. Per Oystein Olsen, the governor of Norges Bank, part of the reason for considering a CBDC was because the use of cash was in decline.  Falling cash use also cited as the motivation for Sweden’s central bank, Riksbank, to issue a CBDC. Per the governor of Riksbank, Stefan Ingves, the CBDC which would be known as  e-krona  is 36 to 48 months away from being materialized.  Research has also been conducted by the Bank of England with a view to determining the risks and benefits that would come from a CBDC. Though not exhaustive BoE’s staff working paper drew the  conclusion  that despite one of the fears of CBDCs being balance sheet contraction, such a digital currency would not have an adverse impact on total liquidity in the economy or even private credit.  Bahamas images from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Leads Monday Recovery as Market Fights Off Weekend Firesale Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets experienced a labored recovery on Monday after the deep bitcoin price sell-off that occurred over the weekend.  Monero Price Headlines Monday Recovery  Monero  (XMR) has seen a huge rebound in the past 24 hours, up nearly 15% to $128.86. Monero saw a steep sell-off with the news out of the United States that the Secret Service recommended a crackdown on privacy cryptocurrencies , as CCN  reported  on June 22.  The coin has also appeared recently in the news for its use in  crypto-jacking  malware. Lastly, speculation has swirled that Bitmain has dumped larch amounts of XMR coins as retaliation for the project ’s efforts to  disable ASIC miners  from using the blockchain.  The beatings from all the poor news for monero in particular recently could have thus led to an oversold position, especially during the general market down-trend. Thus the steep ramp-up makes a bit more sense compared to other coins.  XMR/USD, 5-day timeframe, 5-minute candles  Recovery for Rest of the Market  Bitcoin  (BTC) dropped to as low as $5,800 yesterday but has since shot back up to $6,200, an almost 6.40% increase over 24 hours. With that quick rise, bitcoin is maintaining a clear support around $6,000, with very little movement below or above that line. It has traded sideways around the $6,000 range for over two weeks.  BTC/USD, 5-day timeframe, 5-minute candles  Following the trend of previous market corrections, other coins and tokens have generally followed the same pattern as the bitcoin price. In early June, however, ripple (XRP) stood out as a token maintaining its price while bitcoin, ethereum, and bitcoin cash saw sell offs. Later this month, however, the bearish trend did catch up to ripple.  Today, the recovery is nearly across the board. The top ten coins and tokens by marketcap are seeing strong gains, in addition to nearly all of the top 100 coins.  Ethereum  (ETH) has jumped 6.91% to $469.57 over the past 24 hours.  ETH/USD, 24-hour timeframe  The $30 million Bithumb hack was partly of the decline across the market last week, as CCN  reported . However, in light of other previous, large-scale hacks, the price drops were not as steep and Bithumb has already promised to reimburse customer funds. The bitcoin price remained within its $6,000 trading range.  Despite the Bithumb hack, the steep price drops last week and into the weekend across the entire crypto market is contrary to the good news and sentiment overall. More and more  large corporations  are showing interest in blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies, as regulations become clearer. Additionally, a law firm also reported that Tether did in fact have the funds to match the amount of USDT that the company has produced.  The question is whether the market recovery will continue or prices will remain within their monthly ranges.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Bitfinex Chief Strategy Officer Phil Potter Tenders Resignation Twitter  Phil Potter, the chief strategy officer at the  Bitfinex  cryptocurrency exchange, will be leaving the exchange and replaced on an interim basis by J.L. van der Velde, the company’s chief executive, according to  Reuters .  Phil Potter | Source: LinkedIn  “As Bitfinex pivots away from the U.S., I felt that, as a U.S. person, it was time for me to rethink my position as a member of the executive team,” Potter said in a statement.  Initial reports had stated that the parting was  “mutual, ” but an external spokesperson told CCN that Potter was leaving of his own accord.  Questions Surround Bitfinex  Questions have arisen about Bitfinex recently due to its association with Tether, a company that issues a cryptocurrency tied to the US dollar. Critics have questioned whether Tether, which shares management with Bitfinex, actually holds $1 in reserve for every token Tether issues, as it claims it does.  The CFTC subpoenaed Bitfinex and Tether in December  over this issue.  A University of Texas research paper stated earlier this month that Tether’s token might have played a manipulative role in bitcoin’s historic price rise last year. Bitfinex disputed this postulation.  Some critics have claimed Tether has operated a fractional reserve to inflate bitcoin’s price and hide the exchange’s insolvency. The company has denied the allegation and has said it will pursue legal action against those making false claims.  In April, a  Polish investigation of a money laundering operation of a Columbian drug cartel implicated Bitfinex  in the operation, an allegation the firm denied.  A Washington law firm that former FBI director Louis Freeh co-founded recently stated in a report that Tether had enough USD reserves to support its circulated virtual coins. The report was released by Tether and was not fully audited.  Also read:  CFTC subpoenas Bitfinex and Tether as questions mount over audit  Regulators Step up Scrutiny  Regulators worldwide have increased scrutiny of cryptocurrencies following last year’s price rally. The Department of Justice and the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) are reported to be investigating bitcoin price manipulation.  Potter was one of three managers of Bitfinex, along with a Europe-based chief financial officer and the CEO.  Bitfinex, the world’s fourth-largest cryptocurrency exchange based on trade volume, is owned by a company in the British Virgin Islands.  Update 6/26:  This article has been updated to reflect corrections made to the Reuters report linked above.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Japan Wants to Stop Cryptocurrency Criminal Activities With Credit Evaluation Twitter  This week, after disclosing its plans to crackdown on anonymous cryptocurrencies Zcash, Dash, and Monero, the government of Japan has said that major credit agencies will evaluate cryptocurrency users to prevent the utilization of digital assets in laundering money generated from illicit operations.  Suspicious Users Will be Investigated  Credit agencies, information security research firms, and Japan Credit Information Service will cooperate with the government to investigate suspicious cryptocurrency trading accounts and individuals that trade unusually large amounts of digital assets beginning in a few weeks.  The decision of local authorities to strictly oversee the local cryptocurrency exchange market and closely monitor large transactions was triggered by a series of reports that have come out in the past few months that have claimed the Yakuza, the biggest criminal syndicate in the country, is using cryptocurrencies to launder hundreds of millions of dollars regularly.  More to that, the Japanese authorities have also said that individuals that are suspected to be connected to terrorist organizations and criminal organizations based on their social media presence and credit scores will also be target of scrutiny, and accounts on cryptocurrency exchanges owned by suspicious individuals will be extensively evaluated by four credit agencies as we ll as local financial authorities.  Yizumi Nobuhiko, the chairman of Japan Credit Information Service, has said according to NHK:  “By providing the personal information of suspicious individuals including credit scores and financial data, the government hopes to protect investors and improve the security of the cryptocurrency industry.”  However, to prevent the leak of personal information, the four credit agencies will not provide sensitive financial and personal data unless local financial authorities have reasonable basis to suspect certain individuals and entities to be involved in a money laundering scheme or a crime syndicate.  Cryptocurrency Market Restructuring Ongoing  As CCN  reported  on June 22, the Japanese government has ordered six (out of sixteen) exchanges licensed by the Japan Financial Services Agency (FSA) to overhaul their Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Know Your Customer (KYC) system.  An investigation by the FSA discovered that major exchanges like bitFlyer, the country’s most widely utilized cryptocurrency exchange, had flaws in their AML and KYC systems that are not sufficient to prevent money laundering.  Consequent to the request of the government, Japanese exchanges including bitFlyer stopped registering new users and started to fix its internal management system.  Brian Kelly, the founder of cryptocurrency hedge fund BKCM and CNBC Fast Money contributor, said that the initiation of an improvement process of internal management systems by Japanese exchanges will enable the local cryptocurrency market to evolve into a legitimate industry, which will be beneficial in the long run.  “Japanese exchanges were ordered to improve business conditions [by the government]. It’s actually a good thing. Short run it’s going to be a little tough because they’re stopping new accounts from coming in but actually they’re cleaning up the system. They’re making sure it’s more robust. Making sure it’s better for people,” Kelly said.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   BTCC to Sell 49% Equity Stake of its Bitcoin Mining Pool for $18.7 Million Twitter  Former Chinese ‘big three’ crypto exchange BTCC has agreed to sell 49 percent of its mining pool, BTCC Pool Limited, in equity in a non-legally binding agreement.  In an announcement [ PDF ] published on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, prospective buyer Value Convergence Holdings Limited  – a Hong Kong-based asset management and financial services company – outlined details of its proposed acquisition of 4,900 shares for a 49% equity stake in BTCC Pool.  The deal is currently in a non-legally binding memorandum of understanding that, if finalized, will see Value Convergence (VC) raise HK$147,000,000 ($18.73 million) to complete the proposed acquisition.  A notable detail from the MoU reveals a clause wherein the audited net profit of BTCC Pool, after taxation for the financial year ending in June 2019, should see a guaranteed minimum of HK$30,000,000 ($3.82 million).  Through its subsidiaries, VC operates a securities brokerage and other businesses in corporate finance in regions including greater China. The  publicly-listed firm  intends to mark its foray into the cryptocurrency sector by purchasing the 49% equity stake in the bitcoin mining pool through Initial Honor Limited, its wholly owned subsidiary.  Data over a four-day period from  Blockchain.info  shows BTCC Pool amount to 1.1 percent of bitcoin’s hashrate, now dominated by mining pools owned by Chinese crypto mining giant Bitmain.  BTC China-turned BTCC, the world’s oldest bitcoin exchange, was forced to  close its operations  in China after sweeping curbs in 2017 effectively shuttered the initial coin offering (ICO) and cryptocurrency sector domestically.  Earlier this year, BTCC revealed it too  had been acquired  by a Hong Kong-based investment fund. BTCC co-founder and CEO Bobby Lee revealed the finances would help BTCC shift its focus to the international market at the time. Last month, BTCC announced plans to launch an  upgraded exchange platform  with support for cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, ethereum, litecoin and bitcoin cash.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Gravitates Back Toward $6,000 as Recovery Stalls Twitter  The bitcoin price took a sharp turn back toward the $6,000 mark on Monday, reversing what had been a significant early-day rally for the flagship cryptocurrency.  Earlier this morning, the bitcoin price had  recovered back as high as $6,245 on Bitfinex  after descending as low as $5,755 on Sunday. That mark had represented a year-to-date low for BTC, and it led many to question how far the bitcoin price could sink before the bull rally  — a recovery that analysts have been predicting for months  — finally materializes.  BTC Price Chart  However, after recovering nearly $500 from its weekend low bitcoin proved unable to sustain its momentum, and the coin ’s price made a sharp turn downwards shortly after 12:00 UTC. The cryptocurrency ultimately declined as far as $6,068, but  — at least so far  — it has managed to successfully defend the $6,000 level.  At the time of writing, BTC was trading at $6,125, which translates into a circulating market cap of just under $105 billion. The overall cryptocurrency market, meanwhile, has an estimated valuation of $251 billion.  Click  here  for a real-time bitcoin price chart.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Apple Publishes Revised Cryptocurrency, ICO Guidelines for App Store Twitter  Apple has revealed its revised guidelines in a dedicated section for iOS and MacOS apps centered on the cryptocurrency space.  As bitcoin prices peaked near $20,000 in December 2017, Apple  unveiled  a new section of guidelines specific to cryptocurrencies and ICOs on December 20 th .  For instance, apps facilitating any exchange or transfer of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin were mandated to abide in compliance with all federal and relevant state laws of its offering. Under the mandated rules.  On Monday June 4 th , Apple expanded on those crypto-centric guidelines with several key inclusions into specific functionalities like wallet storage and mining for apps on its App Store platform.  To keep its hardware, think iPhones, from draining battery or computing power, Apple has now forbid app developers from including any 3 rd  party advertisements that run cryptocurrency mining. The move comes at a time when ‘ cryptojacking ’, a malware attack wherein malicious attackers scrumptiously hijack a computer or a phone’s computing power to mine cryptocurrencies, is a growing menace.  “Apps, including any third-party advertisements displayed within them, may not run unrelated background processes, such as cryptocurrency mining,” the updated policy reads.  Apple has also outlawed apps from mining cryptocurrencies on the device altogether.  An excerpt from the revised guidelines states:  Apps may not mine for cryptocurrencies unless the processing is performed off device (e.g. cloud-based mining).  ICO Norms  In sticking with the original mandate, only mainstream banks and similar financial institutions will be allowed to develop and publish apps enabling crypto futures trading and initial coin offerings, Apple said.  “Apps facilitating Initial Coin Offerings (“ICOs”), cryptocurrency futures trading, and other crypto-securities or quasi-securities trading must come from established banks, securities firms, futures commission merchants (“FCM”), or other approved financial institutions and must comply with all applicable law,” read the unchanged policy first unveiled in December.  Wallets, Exchanges and Rewards  Four years ago, Apple  removed  every single bitcoin wallet application on its App Store, including popular wallet app  Blockchain . The technology giant  reversed  its stance soon after, despite pulling moves like removing multi-cryptocurrency wallet Jaxx after its  disapproval of Dash  in 2016.  Speaking to CCN at the time, Jaxx CEO Anthony Di Iorio revealed Apple had stuck to approving a  select six cryptocurrencie s, namely: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Dogecoin, Litecoin, Ripple and the then DAO token.  Apple has previously blocked apps for supporting cryptocurrencies it disapproves of.  In July 2017, Apple ‘ approved ’ Dash as a cryptocurrency.  Six months after crypto exchange Coinbase’s app became the  number one trending app  on the App Store, Apple has now apps to provide wallet services under a caveat.  “Apps may facilitate virtual currency storage, provided they are offered by developers enrolled as an organization, ” the policy states.  Similarly, Apple is also allowing apps to facilitate crypto transactions “on an approved exchange, provided they are offered by the exchange itself.”  Finally, the world’s most valuable company has also mandated that apps do not offer cryptocurrency as rewards to users for completing tasks.  It states:  Cryptocurrency apps may not offer currency for completing tasks, such as downloading other apps, encouraging other users to download, posting to social networks, etc.  Images from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitmain Raises $400 Million in Pre-IPO Funding, Now Valued at $12 Billion: Report Twitter  Bitmain, the dominant force in bitcoin mining, has reportedly raised $400 million as it gears up to go public later this year.  Regional media outlet  China Money Network  reports that the funding round, which values the China-based firm at $12 billion, was led by Sequoia Capital China, a VC that has been quite active in the nascent cryptocurrency space. Bitmain has not yet confirmed the funding round publicly.  The $12 billion valuation matches Bitmain’s internal estimates but exceeds that of many external analysts, who estimated that the firm was worth between $8.8 billion and $10 billion.  According to the report, Bitmain plans to hold an initial public offering (IPO) on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong in September and expects to go public with a market cap between $30 billion and $40 billion.  Bitmain, which was founded in 2013, designs application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC) chips and manufacturers cryptocurrency miners. It currently controls 80 percent of this market, though a number of  upstart competitors  hope to chip away at its dominance.  Bitmain’s largest competitor, Canaan Creative, recently  filed to hold an IPO  in Hong Kong. The firm, whose devices account for roughly 15 percent of the bitcoin mining market, believes it can raise as much as $2 billion through the offering.  If Bitmain’s IPO is successful, the firm would not only be the most valuable public cryptocurrency company but would also be worth more than two times as much as chipmaker AMD, which has a $14.8 billion market cap and has also  benefitted  from the cryptocurrency mining boom.  As CCN  reported , Bitmain has also begun to design ASIC chips for artificial intelligence-related applications, and CEO Jihan Wu has said that this field could account for 50 percent of the firm’s revenue within five years.  Earlier this year, Bitmain led a  $110 million funding round  for US cryptocurrency firm Circle, which operates an over-the-counter (OTC) trading desk, a retail-focused brokerage app, a cryptocurrency exchange, and plans to build a USD-pegged “stablecoin.”  Notably, Sequoia Capital China is currently embroiled in a  legal battle  with cryptocurrency exchange Binance  — formerly based out of Hong Kong  — who the VC firm has sued for allegedly violating an exclusivity agreement stemming from fundraising discussions held in 2017.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Falls $25 Billion Overnight as Bitcoin Drops 6%: Factors and Trends Twitter  The cryptocurrency market has recorded a decline of over $25 billion overnight, after an abrupt bitcoin sell-off was recorded on June 10. Analysts have attributed the recent correction to a variety of factors but the market seems to have dropped due to a simple reason: a drop in volume and demand.   Low Volume  Since last week, despite the stability in the cryptocurrency market and the optimistic short-term trend of bitcoin shown by its 1-day price chart, CCN noted that the price of BTC will likely fall below the $7,000 mark if the volume of bitcoin does not rebound in the short-term.  Many momentum indicators including MACD, moving averages, and RSI demonstrated an optimistic short-term trend for BTC, and several prominent traders such as Peter Brandt acknowledged a positive price movement.  However, given the volatility of the cryptocurrency market, the price movement of cryptocurrencies can change drastically based on market conditions. As such, it is important to actively observe the market to find any irregularity and change in trading conditions.  Over the past week, BTC seemed to be gaining short-term momentum, fueled by several consecutive buy volumes on its 1-day price chart. The strong downward trend from $9,900 to $7,050 came to an end as a corrective rally from $7,050 to $7,500 temporarily stopped a further drop to the $6,000 region.  As the market started to gain some stability and small tokens began to outperform major cryptocurrencies once again, investors became more confident in the short-term trend of the market. But, investors dismissed one key factor; the daily trading volume of BTC was merely half of its volume in late April and early May. The demand from investors had notably declined.  The recent correction of BTC can be largely attributable to the failure of bitcoin to continue its momentum from the $7,500 mark due to its low daily trading volume. The downward price movement was not caused by independent events that have occured this week.  Coinrail Hack  The majority of traders and analysts have justified the short-term price drop of BTC to the  Coinrail hack  in South Korea, which led to a $40 million loss.  Coinrail is a minor cryptocurrency exchange in South Korea that is utilized by a small portion of investors in the country. The overwhelming majority of traders use the big three cryptocurrency exchanges Bithumb, UPbit, and Korbit, as they are more reliable than smaller cryptocurrency exchanges.  It is highly inaccurate to conclusively claim that the Coinrail hack caused the price of BTC to fall 10 percent in two days and the entire cryptocurrency market to fall, as Coinrail itself only accounts for about 5 percent of the volume coming from South Korea. Claiming Coinrail as a major catalyst behind the correction is essentially stating that an exchange that is responsible for less than 0.1 percent of the global cryptocurrency trading volume caused the market to plummet overnight.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   94 Out of Top 100 Blockchain Projects are Built on Ethereum Twitter  According to Kevin Rooke, a cryptocurrency researcher and YouTuber, the  Ethereum  community already has more than 250,000 developers and 94 out of the top 100 blockchain projects have launched on top of the Ethereum network.  “You simply cannot build excellent applications and products without a big developer base behind you. But today, Ethereum has roughly 250,000 developers building on its platform. The industry is still really small [and thus], 250,000 is a shocking number. Ethereum’s development framework called Truffle already has more than 500,000 downloads and even through the price fall of 2 018, development interests have continued to rise,”  said Rooke .  Can Other Decentralized Application Protocols Compete?  The vast majority of cryptocurrencies and tokens apart from payment-focused blockchain networks like  Bitcoin ,  Ripple ,  Bitcoin Cash , and  Litecoin  are built on top of the Ethereum protocol. Even  Tron , the 10th largest cryptocurrency in the global market with a market valuation of $3.4 billion, is built on the ERC20 token standard of Ethereum (though it ’s currently in the process of  migrating  to an independent blockchain).  $2 billion China-based IoT blockchain network VeChain, $1 billion high performance blockchain Ontology, $900 million South Korea-based ICON, and $850 million Sharding-focused blockchain project Zilliqa are a few examples of major blockchain projects that currently exist on the Ethereum network.  Over the past year, alternative blockchain protocols have emerged, with an aim to compete against Ethereum and evolve into the leading decentralized application platform.  EOS ,  NEO ,  Cardano ,  Qtum , and ICON have gained significant market valuation and presence in the global market, with their focus set on decentralized applications.  EOS, which raised $4 billion for creator Block.one, aims to supplant Ethereum ’s status as the DApp platform of choice for developers.  EOS, which is also based on the Ethereum network,  raised $4 billion in the biggest initial coin offering (ICO) in history, with support from the likes of billionaire investor Mike Novogratz. Only NEO, Cardano, and Qtum out of the top 100 blockchain projects in the world are decentralized application protocols built from scratch, with a genuine vision of becoming the leading blockchain protocol.  The mainnet of EOS is expected to launch in the next 24 to 48 hours, and despite its multi-billion dollar token sale, it still relies on the Ethereum network to settle smart contracts. An Ethereum smart contract is necessary to prove incoming funds for EOS tokens, as EOS leverages the security and efficiency of the Ethereum protocol.  Rooke emphasized that large capital is no longer sufficient to kickstart the process of creating a major blockchain project specifically for decentralized applications. Ethereum’s potential can only be demonstrated through successful Dapps and if developers leave the Ethereum protocol, regardless of its sophisticated architecture and technology, the Ethereum network will lose its value.  As such, Rooke noted that Ethereum has already won the race to become the leading smart contract platform for the cryptocurrency industry, adding:  “How do you get developers when you don’t have anyone using your platform? How do you get using your platform when you don’t have developers who are going to build that underlying infrastructure to make it easy to launch applications? In some ways, money can kickstart the process but in crypto today, everyone has money, including Ethereum, so that cancels out the competitive advantage.”  EOS Community  The EOS Foundation has already begun its attempt to form a vibrant community through hackathons with valuable opportunities and multi-million dollar rewards. Other blockchain projects will likely do the same to compete with Ethereum. But, as of current, Ethereum still remains as the dominant smart contract platform.  Images from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   The Moscow Stock Exchange is Preparing to Display ICO Market Data Twitter  The Moscow Exchange, Russia’s largest stock exchange operator, is reportedly preparing the infrastructure to publish ICO (initial coin offering) information for investors this year.  Moscow Exchange (MOEX) chief executive Alexander Afanasiev told Reuters that the bourse is preparing the “basic” infrastructure to enable companies display their tokens alongside other relevant details in a service that is expected to launch this year. The exchange operator will not list tokens, he clarified, explaining it would share information related to certain tokens and t he companies offering them.  The exchange will treat these crypto tokens akin to fiat currencies, he revealed, further hinting that the bourse could list tokens directly if they are fully backed. In roughly translated statements, he explained:  We’re looking at this from the point of view of fiat currencies presently because cryptocurrencies do not have the status of a legally protected asset. If that happens, we will place them in our system as well.  The chief executive also touched at the possibility of issuing futures contracts for ICOs, if there is a demand for it from investors.  The noteworthy development comes at a time when the Bank of Russia, the country’s central bank, is set to  host an ICO pilot  on its regulatory platform with Sberbank and the National Settlement Depository (NSD), Russia’s biggest bank and the securities depository respectively in late summer 2018.  The Russian State Duma, the country’s parliament,  approved two bills  related to the crypto, blockchain and ICO industry on ‘digital financial assets’ and ‘digital rights’ during their first round of hearings in May. While the bills called for the legalization of financial assets and ICO procedures domestically, they also forbid the usage of cryptocurrencies as payment instruments in the country.  Last week, Russian president Vladimir Putin confirmed the government would stick with its  cautious take  on cryptocurrencies while suggesting its underlying blockchain technology could help Russia circumvent financial sanctions led by Western nations.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Decline Caused by Hodlers’ Unprecedented $30 Billion Sell-Off: Research Twitter  When the  bitcoin price  declined from nearly $20,000 in Dec. 2017 to below $6,000 during the first quarter of 2018, many observers blamed new investors whose shaky hands had never endured a true bear market.  However, new research from blockchain analytics firm  Chainalysis  suggests that it was long-term investors, hands calloused from years of hodling though they may have been, who triggered the decline and then continued to sell into the dip  — to the tune of $30 billion worth of bitcoin between Dec. 2017 and April 2018.  “This was an unprecedented sell off and such an opportunity is unlikely to be repeated soon,” the firm wrote in its report.  According to Chainalysis, those former hodlers largely sold to new speculators  — not other long-term investors, shifting the balance of bitcoin wealth away from those with a demonstrated ability to hodl through adversity and toward buyers who may not have the stomach for a multi-year bear market.  Source: Chainalysis  That cuts against the conventional wisdom surrounding the decline, which said that fair-weather investors  — many of whom had bought bitcoin close to its all-time high  — had panicked at the first sign of a downturn and sold their coins while hodlers strengthened their grip in preparation for a bear cycle.  Moreover, the influx of new speculators has  depressed the bitcoin price  since these users are far more quick to sell their coins than long-term investors. In fact, the reports notes that the amount of BTC available for trading has increased by 57 percent since the sell-off began in December. At present, the supply of circulating bitcoins is split nearly evenly between investors and speculators.  However, this sell-off did not come without a silver lining. Since speculators tend to own fewer coins than long-term investors, bitcoin wealth is less concentrated than it was prior to 2017. Of course, they also tend to be less-inclined to hodling, which means that it will take more demand to move the price needle in a positive direction than in the past.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Korean Cryptocurrency Exchange Coinrail Suffers $40 Million Theft Twitter  South Korean cryptocurrency exchange Coinrail said it was the victim of a hack on Sunday, with reported losses of about 40 billion won ($37.2 million) in cryptocurrency.  In a blog post on Monday, Coinrail confirmed it had suspended its services following a “cyber intrusion” in its systems earlier on Sunday morning.   현재 코인사들과 피해를 막기 위해 협의중이며 일부코인들의 네트워크망 전송이 불가할 수 있습니다. 회원님의 피해가 없도록 최대한 빠른조치를 진행하도록 하겠습니다.  — coinrail (@Coinrail_Korea)  June 10, 2018   Without disclosing the exact amounts stolen, Coinrail revealed some of the stolen ERC-20 tokens, namely NPXS tokens from Pundi X, a payment project; ATC from Aston X, a decentralized document project and; NPER tokens from the namesake decentralized IP project.  The hardest hit was Pundi X, which  said  the hackers made away with a total of 2,619,542,080 NPXS tokens, approx. $19.5 million at the time of the theft.  Data from a  wallet address  allegedly associated with the hacker has also pointed to 93 million (approx. $13.8 million) in ATX tokens and 831 million DENT coins, nearly $6 million in value, as well as a number of other tokens from projects including Jibrel Network, Storm, Kyber Network, B2BCoin and over $1 million in TRX tokens from Tron. The total value of the stolen tokens at the time of the theft exce eded $40 million.  Data from  Coinmarketcap  indicates that Coinrail was the world’s 90 th  largest crypto trading platform on Sunday.  The hacker has since dipped into some of the 2.6 billion NPXS tokens in an attempt to sell 26 million coins at decentralized ERC-20 exchange IDEX,  transaction data  reveals. IDEX froze those coins before they were liquidated, Pundi X confirmed, adding it had also instigated its own ‘emergency security protocol’ to halt all NPSX transactions at midday Sunday to investigate the theft of coins that equaled 3 percent of its entire current supply. Other stolen tokens in differing values have also been sent to another decentralized exchange Eth erDelta, data from etherscan.io revealed.  Coinrail contends that 70% of its total coin reserves have been moved to an offline cold wallet and remain safe. Two-thirds of remaining 30 percent of token compromised have been frozen or recalled through consultation with developers like Pundi X and communication with exchanges like IDEX, the operator said.  Coinrail added:   “The remaining one-third of coins are being investigated with investigators, relevant exchanges and coin developers.”  In a statement, a representative from the Korea Blockchain Industry Association, a self-regulatory group, revealed the exchange wasn ’t a member of the working group.  As reported by  Reuters , representative Kim Jin-Hwa stated:  Coinrail is not a member of the group that promotes self regulations to enhance security. It is a minor player in the market and I can see how such small exchanges with lower standards on security level can be exposed to more risks  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Korea Will Regulate Cryptocurrency Exchanges Like Commercial Banks, Legitimizing Industry Twitter  The Korea Financial Intelligence Unit (KFIU) and other local financial agencies will regulate cryptocurrency exchanges like banks, imposing strict anti-money laundering (AML) policies to ensure criminals do not utilize cryptocurrencies to finance illicit operations.  Similar to Japan  During the Policy Advisory Council meeting held on June 8, KFIU director Kim Geun-ik led an extensive discussion on existing money laundering and terrorist financing prevention regulations and proposed stricter policies for both commercial banks and independent financial service providers.  At the time, the KFIU stated that it will follow the movement of leading economies such as the US to prevent money laundering and terrorism financing with more rigorous verification processes for large transactions and monitoring of users.  Initially, the KFIU planned to impose new policies on large-scale financial institutions, retail investors, and traders in the public stock market and other sectors that currently have lenient AML and Know Your Customer (KYC) regulations.  But, in later discussions, the KFIU decided to include the cryptocurrency sector in its AML and KYC initiative. The KFIU stated that the agency will coordinate with the Congress to pass a bill that would allow local financial authorities to monitor traditional bank account and cryptocurrency users extensively with transparency.  The regulation could prove similar to that enforced by authorities in Japan.  At the moment, cryptocurrency exchanges in South Korea can operate as a communication vendor, with a $40 license. As such, even the Free Trade Commission, the country’s regulatory authority for economic competition, does not have the authority to monitor and oversee crypto exchanges.  However, to prevent the utilization of cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum in underground economies and suspicious activities, the KFIU came to a consensus to recognize cryptocurrency exchanges as proper financial institutions and regulate them accordingly.  “Under current regulations, there are clear limitations in preventing money laundering on crypto exchanges because the only way authorities can spot suspicious transactions is through banks. If the bill of lawmaker Jae Yoon-kyung from the Democratic Party of Korea passes, local authorities will be able to impose identical regulations on crypto exchanges that are implemented on commercial banks,” a KFIU spokesperson said.  Negative or Positive?  Essentially, if the bill of lawmaker Jae passes, cryptocurrency exchanges will be regulated as commercial banks and proper financial institutions. While stricken Anti-Money Laundering and Know Your Customer policies could create an uncomfortable ecosystem for users at first, it will add legitimacy to the rapidly growing cryptocurrency and blockchain sector.  A significant sum of capital from retail investors or individual traders has been injected into the cryptocurrency market since early 2017, allowing the market to evolve into an emerging asset class and convincing major banks such as $378 billion JPMorgan Chase and $88.5 billion Goldman Sachs to enter the cryptocurrency sector with custodian solutions.  The acknowledgement of the cryptocurrency industry as a properly regulated financial market will be beneficial for the global cryptocurrency market in the long-term, and will improve the mainstream adoption of cryptocurrencies significantly.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price:  ‘Bloody Sunday ’ Not Caused by Coinrail Hack Twitter  When the bitcoin price fell more than $1,000 and the cryptocurrency market cap shed more than $40 billion on “Bloody Sunday,” many media commentators attributed the decline to a security breach at a small cryptocurrency exchange in South Korea. However, Mati Greenspan, senior market analyst at eToro, says that claim is misguided.  As CCN  reported , the little-known Coinrail became the latest cryptocurrency exchange to fall prey to hackers, who are said to have made off with approximately $40 million worth of tokens, a  fairly pedestrian figure  relative to some of the hacks seen over the years.  Later that day, the  bitcoin price  began to careen downwards, taking every other major cryptocurrency with it. This led some observers to draw the conclusion that the two events were linked.  Writing in market commentary made available to CCN, Greenspan said that “there is absolutely no reason why this smash and grab job at a local boutique should have sent bitcoin down by $1,000.”  While the bitcoin price did experience a small decline in the immediate aftermath of the report that an exchange had been hacked, Greenspan noted that the bulk of the decline came more than 15 hours later and that the scale of the pullback was entirely disproportionate to both the size of the hack and Coinrail’s significance in the cryptocurrency ecosystem.  The bitcoin price declined after the Coinrail hack was first reported (circled), but the major drop occurred more than 15 hours later. | Source: eToro  He argued that the decline was instead a technical correction, as most of it occurred immediately after the bitcoin price broke beneath its long-term trendline and moved closer to two key support levels.  “Though the CoinRail hack may have set us off-track, I don ’t think that this will have very significant ramifications in the long run,” he said. “The industry has certainly seen much bigger hacks before and other than a technical price level, this doesn ’t change much for the path of the industry over the next five years.”  Greenspan said that over the long-term, the bitcoin price will likely be carried higher by the advent of institutional investment in the space but that this will not occur until the markets build momentum that translates into an organic upswing.  “For now, the big money will most likely remain on the sidelines and wait for emerging markets to build momentum, as they did in late 2016,” he concluded. “Whether this happens over the course of a year, or within a week, I guess we ’ll have to wait and see.”  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Wells Fargo Bans Customers from Buying Cryptocurrency with Credit Cards Twitter  Banking giant Wells Fargo has become the latest financial institution to ban its customers from using their credits cards to buy cryptocurrency.  Fortune  reports that Wells Fargo  — the third-largest US bank with nearly $2 trillion in total assets as of the end of last year  — will begin declining transactions made at known cryptocurrency exchanges and brokerage platforms with bank-issued credit cards.  “Customers can no longer use their Wells Fargo credit cards to purchase cryptocurrency,” a bank spokesperson said in a statement Monday. “We’re doing this in order to be consistent across the Wells Fargo enterprise due to the multiple risks associated with this volatile investment. This decision is in line with the overall industry.”  “We will continue to evaluate the issue as the market evolves,” the spokesperson added.  As CCN  reported , Wells Fargo is the latest in a long line of credit card issuers to bar their customers from making purchases using their cards. JPMorgan, Bank of America, and Citigroup had already enacted similar policies, meaning that customers at the four largest US banks will have to turn elsewhere if they want to buy crypto on credit.  Credit card processors including Visa and Mastercard have also begun  charging cash equivalence fees  on cryptocurrency purchases, saddling customers with extra fees for these transactions.  These prohibitions have come as the cryptocurrency market has entered a bear cycle, as banks say that they worry investors buying coins on credit will default on their payments.  In January, a survey conducted by student loan marketplace LendEDU found that approximately 18 percent of investors had purchased cryptocurrencies using a credit card and that one-fifth of those investors were carrying the balances rather than paying them off immediately.  A follow-up survey conducted by The Student Loan Report (a LendEDU affiliate) found that  21 percent  of university students had used financial aid  — loans that in the US are generally not dischargeable in bankruptcy  — to invest in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.  Notably, this isn ’t the first time Wells Fargo has taken a hostile line against the cryptocurrency industry. Last year, the institution  cut off banking services  to cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex, which is said to have subsequently used a series of third-party accounts to maintain access to financial services before ultimately finding a banking partner in Puerto Rico.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Zimbabwe Central Bank Defends Cryptocurrency Trading Ban Twitter  The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe has filed  opposing court papers supporting  its directive to ban cryptocurrency exchange company, Golix, from dealing with banks and saying its directive was procedural.  The Zimbabwean apex bank argues that by continuing to process crypto transactions through formal banking channels presented risks to the financial system while Golix’s platform for trading virtual currencies are not registered or regulated.  “While the applicant is not a licenced banking or financial institution, it went on to provide banking services,” said Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe governor, John Mangudya in his opposing papers filed on Friday 8 June 2018.  He supported this by saying Golix “facilitates banking services, currency exchange services and money transfer services and operation of automated teller machine, all of which require licensing” by the Zimbabwean reserve bank.  The Zimbabwean central bank, however, concedes that “research is ongoing about virtual or cryptocurrencies” the world over. It explained that it had issued the directive for banks to  stop processing transactions involving bitcoin  and other virtual currencies after realizing that Golix was “working with banks to aid illicit and risky” financial transactions.  Officials at Golix insist that the exchange platform adheres to strict know your customer principles to abet usage of cryptocurrencies for illicit financial flows.  Zimbabwe is facing  foreign currency shortages  that have prompted people to seek alternative channels to send money abroad or to buy goods from international suppliers, with bitcoin uptake slowly taking root.  Zimbabwe ’s central bank is scrutinizing cryptocurrencies at a time when the country ’s own fiat currency has fundamentally failed.  The country’s central bank insists that “the risk that funds from illicit sources will be introduced into the financial system abound”. It classifies the Initial Coin Offering being undertaken by Golix as a “pyramid scheme” that presented risks.  “The risk of the investment collapsing was very high. This was a pyramid scheme in the making, especially with the intended initial coin offering and it had to be arrested at the earliest opportunity,” argues Mangudya.  He also denied that the central bank had banned Golix from continuing with its operations. The High Court of Zimbabwe said in a landmark ruling last month that Golix can continue trading cryptocurrencies after an application to stop the reserve bank from halting crypto trading operations by exchanges.  “Whilst it is accepted that a letter was addressed to the applicant, there was no wholesale ban on the applicant (Golix’s) operations, save to the extent of certain of the applicant’s operations that were linked to banks, bank accounts, the banking public and the banking system and posed a grave risk of introducing illicit activities and legal violations.”  Although Zimbabwe has made regulatory moves to curb trade in cryptocurrencies, its neighbour South Africa already  taxes investment proceeds from virtual currencies .  It also said last week it had concluded a pilot test for  blockchain technology usage in its banking system  which concluded that the technology will help reduce transaction time for financial payments.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Dutch Central Bank: Blockchain Cannot Yet Support Financial Market Infrastructure Twitter  De Nederlandsche Bank (DNB), the central bank of the  Netherlands , recently concluded after a three-year test that  blockchain  technology cannot currently meet the needs of a financial market infrastructure, the bank announced on its  website . The report cites bitcoin technology’s inadequacies in the areas of capacity, its high energy consumption and insufficient certainty of transaction verification.  The DNB does consider the technology useful in improving resilience to external attacks, but at the expense of efficiency and capacity.  Four Prototypes Tested  The DNB assessed four distributed ledger technology prototypes in its three-year project, named Dukaton. The goal was to establish an understanding of the technology and to determine the purposes for which the technology can improve securities traffic and payment.  The first prototype was based on  bitcoin  software with the bank’s own software. The platform was decentralized on five laptops. The parties validating the transactions were rewarded for creating new “Dukatons” and a transaction fee.  A second prototype involved creating Dukatons using a less energy consuming method. Dukatons were created based on a trusted issuing party, a method that is different from the creation of bitcoin. The party creating the Dukatons receives all the Dukatons while those validating the transactions receive a transaction fee.  In a third prototype, a central Dukaton was simulated with a self-built wallet without bitcoin software. This prototype stored cryptographic keys for security.  The third prototype served as the basis for the fourth one, which analyzed DLT’s usefulness for a financial market infrastructure. A website was established to display the Dukatons and the transactions on the distributed ledger. Various configurations were tested. Different algorithms were used to approve transactions following a consensus among different network nodes.  Tests Conclusive  The prototypes indicated that the solutions cannot meet financial market infrastructure needs, including efficiency, safety, reliability authorization, availability, resilience, payment finality, scalability, cost, capacity and sustainability.  Target2, the Eurosystem interbank payment system, currently meets the needs of a financial markets infrastructure, the report noted. This system provides efficient payment systems that can handle high volumes and transaction certainty.  The blockchain solutions, by contrast, cannot handle large transaction volumes. In addition, the 100% certainty that a transaction cannot be reversed was never achieved.  Algorithms exist that are resistant to nefarious parties that can improve cyber resilience, but such algorithms fail to meet other requirements.  Also read:  Central banks: blockchain will overhaul securities settlements  Future Improvements Possible  Distributed ledger technology could improve payment efficiency of different currencies, the report noted.  DNB also continues to find blockchain technology promising, and believes it is possible new algorithms could meet all requirements for financial market infrastructure. The bank continues to experiment with the technology.  Meanwhile, central banks in several countries have been experimenting with blockchain technology. The  Bank of Japan and the European Central Bank recently released a report  claiming DLT can create new securities settlement tools like cross chain atomic swaps across ledgers that are not connected.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Binance Has Quadrupled Its User Base Since January, Will Launch EUR Pairs Twitter  The last six months have seen the cryptocurrency market endure a steep decline and many casual investors turn their attention elsewhere, but for exchange operator Binance it has been a period of unmitigated growth.  The company, which operates one of the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchanges, reports that its user base has quadrupled since the beginning of the year. The platform now has 9 million users, up from a bit more than 2 million in January, according to  Bloomberg .  However, that growth has not been mirrored in company profits, as trading volume has declined sharply since the end of the bull cycle in December. Binance made $150 million in profit during Q1, down from $200 million in Q4. The firm says that it averaged about $1.4 billion in daily trading volume during that span.  That said, Binance’s daily trading volume will likely see a significant bump in the near future, as the exchange is preparing to roll out its first fiat trading pairs, which will be listed against the euro. Until now, the platform has only offered crypto-to-crypto trading pairs, so having the ability to serve as a fiat on-off ramp will make it an even attractive option for inve stors.  Binance ’s largest trading pairs involve USDT, a cryptocurrency token that is supposedly backed by physical dollars. | Source: CoinMarketCap  The announcement comes as Binance  — which was founded in Hong Kong  — has  opened an office in Malta , which has passed crypto-friendly legislation in a bid to become Europe’s “Blockchain Island.” CEO Changpeng Zhao told Bloomberg that the exchange is also close to receiving licensure in Jersey, where it plans to open an office staffed by up to 100 employees. He further said that company executives have been engaged in discussions with regulators and potential banking partners in Taiwan.  Binance has also recently launched a VC fund, which it says will invest  $1 billion  in blockchain startups and initial coin offering (ICO) tokens over the next several years.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Colombian Banks Shutter Accounts of Domestic Cryptocurrency Exchange Twitter  Colombian banks have closed  Buda.com’s  accounts, Alejandro Beltran, CEO of the cryptocurrency exchange, announced. Banks Bancolombia, BBVA and Davivenda have all closed Buda.com’s accounts, according to  infobae.com .  The country’s Financial Supervisor previously sent a notice warning financial institutions about using their platforms to support cryptocurrencies. The letter from Jorge Castano Gutierrez, Colombia’s financial superintendent, said the entities under surveillance are not authorized to intermediate, guard or invest with these instruments.  Beltran said the notice was a warning and did not require action.  Other cryptocurrency platforms such as BitINKA and Panda Exchange have not reported such issues.  Bank Offers No Explanation  Buda.com began noticing irregularities with the Bancolombia platform on June 7, according to  diariobitcoin.com . Bank representatives told Buda.com they canceled its products and offered no explanation. Withdrawals have been delayed, Buda.com noted, and are expected to be available by June 13.  The Buda.com team said the banks’ actions affect not only the company but users seeking to access funds in Colombian pesos. Buda.com advised users that their funds are protected and urged them not to worry.  Similar Action Taken In Chile  Buda.com experienced a similar scenario in  Chile  in March when the Chilean State Bank, Scotiabank, Banco Itau and seven other institutions said they would close cryptocurrency bank accounts due to insufficient regulation. The banks took the same action with the Orionx and CryptoMarket exchanges in addition to Buda.com.  Buda.com and CryptoMarket asked Chile’s banking association , Asociacion de Bancos e Instituciones Financeria (ABIF), to issue a statement providing a clear position on cryptocurrencies. The exchanges noted that they operate safe platforms, have channels to work with local authorities, follow anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing rules and pay value-added taxes.  ABIF responded that the issue has to be resolved between the bank and its customer.  Chile’s Court of Defense of free Competition ordered the banks o reopen the accounts following a three-month legal battle. The banks reopened the accounts in late May.  Also read:  Chilean cryptocurrency exchanges seek clear regulations after banks shutter accounts  Colombia Debates Digital Currencies  A debate was recently held in the Colombian Senate about blockchain technologies and digital currencies. During the debate, attended by the National Banking Association, the Financial Superintendency and the Bank of the Republic, it was noted that the state was responsible for warning about cryptocurrency related risks but had done nothing to hinder such operations.  Buda.com has been active in Colombia, Chile, Peru and Argentina, allowing users to trade bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum and Litecoin.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	    Lithuania Publishes ICO Guidelines, Aligns with United States ’ Sentiment Twitter  The Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Lithuania released  guidelines  for ICOs in the country on June 6. The published guidelines follow statements by the United States ’ SEC that align ICOs as securities, as CCN  reported  last week.  Lithuania has stood out as a major player in Europe for welcoming blockchain startups and businesses. The Minister of Finance, Vilius Šapoka, introduced the guidelines with:  [ …] we can not ignore the development of new financial instruments and phenomenon of blockchain technology. We do believe that certain usage of it, such us ICOs, should be regulated[ …] We acknowledge that the brave new crypto economy world is here to stay, this is why we encourage and invite its participants to innovate and create in Lithuania.  The new guidelines more clearly define the various scenarios where ICOs and token projects would fall under either securities regulations or currency regulations. They act as a litmus test for regulators, much like the  “Howie Test ” that the United States SEC is  using  as a rough guide.  Flowchart for Securities or Currencies and Impact on Taxation  Unlike the subjective ways that the SEC currently seems to apply the Howie Test to ICOs, the new guidelines from Lithuania spell out the scenarios that would classify an ICO as a security or currency. They then further break down more granular regulations that would apply under each category, in a flowchart-based guide (shown below).  Regulations Flowchart  Along with these guides for companies launching ICOs, the report also explains the tax implications for corporate and personal/retail investors. For retail investors,  “Income received from individual purchases and sales of virtual currencies will be taxed standard 15% fixed income tax rate. ” As CCN  reported , the United States IRS has also stepped up enforcement on tax evasion with cryptocurrency.  Founders of ICOs will not be taxed if the tokens are not active or locked, or if they are held for dividend or interest payments to investors.  Miners are subject to VAT for providing mining services to others for payment. Selling/exchanging mined virtual currency for fiat or other tokens is exempt from VAT in Lithuania.  Accounting and Anti-Money Laundering/Terrorism  The guidelines make clear that expenses for getting an ICO platform up and running. Sales of the tokens raised after an ICO are subject to the amount paid for it, in others, its fair value. The books should use a data source should be used to determine the token ’s fair value, which includes the average market prices published by major cryptocurrency exchanges.  The Finance Ministry concludes that it will be amending AML and CTF Laws in order to combat money laundering and terrorism as they relate to cryptocurrencies. The first round of amendments will be forthcoming.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   There ’s 1 Bitcoin Hidden in This Puzzle, and Whoever Solves it Wins Twitter  Another treasure hunt is underway n the Bitcoin community as members seek to crack a puzzle hidden in an image that resembles a  “word cloud ”.  The image was  posted earlier this week on the Bitcoin subreddit  by new user cryptogreetings, who informed excited readers that one whole Bitcoin (currently worth $8300) was up for grabs for whoever could figure it out. At face value, the image is a word cloud of words and numbers taken from Bitcoin inventor Satoshi Nakomoto ’s whitepaper, all different sizes and overlapping each other.  The words  “blocks ”,  “transaction, ”  “attacker ” can be seen among dozens of others, with the Bitcoin symbol superimposed on top, creating a white area.   The poster, whose Reddit account has no history beyond this post, had this to say about their puzzle:  “This work is comprised of Satoshi Nakamoto ’s famous whitepaper words, scaled by Log N. Disparate ideas inspired Satoshi to create a solution to revolutionize modern socio-economics and industry. The work reflects on the elements that brought this technology to life, and challenges the underlying security model. Hidden in plain sight lies something more: a treasure hunt. 1 BTC is concealed within the work. ”  While Redditors will have to depend on the good faith of cryptogreetings upon winning, the poster did link a Bitcoin address containing poster linked a  Bitcoin address  with 1.00152389 BTC in it, with the extra amount of roughly $12 likely aimed to cover fees.  Redditors have come together to voice their theories and lament the difficulty of the task, with the top comment in the thread being  “I ’m better equipped to sell a kidney or $9k. ” Another user trying to solve the puzzle with math agreed that this was a sobering thought, and a third chimed in saying  “I started the same thing. Then I realized there is millions of possible permutations in the key. It’s actually just as difficult to brute force the encryption. ”  Many other users admitted they had no idea where to start with the puzzle. Not everyone gave up so easily, however, with other users banding together to figure it out. Reddit user Zyntra posted:   “Some stuff I noticed so far:   Some words start with a capital, when other words dont.   Many words and math, but some letters just stand alone. You can find a C, W, M. Some digits are single as well   There ’s a number crossed out by some icon on the bottom right of the big Bitcoin B. I don ’t know if or what that icon means though.   There ’s quite a bit of open space in the top right corner, given how filled the rest of the image is.   Some numbers make sense as a part of math or whitepaper references. But the longer numbers make no sense to me, theyre not dates or references to the whitepaper, like 19981101 ″    u/AnotherSmegHead figured out the numbe of times different words were used in the Bitcoin whitepaper and worked with that.   “Here are the most frequently used words in the Whitepaper:  transaction 69 block 67 hash 33 nod 31 chain 27 attacker 23 network 21 proof-of-work 18 owner 17 work 16 coin 16 one 15 honest 15 public 14 timestamp 14 trust 14 key 13 without 12 new 12 system 11 party 11 ne 11 probable 11 accept 10 value 9 cpu 9 z 9 k 9 longest 8 merkle 8 next 8 catch 8 p 8 header 8 nonce 8 problem 8 time 8 power 7 signature 7 proof 7 verify 7 prev 7 make 7 long 7 node 7 link 7 sender 7 majority 7 payment 7 q 6  If you save the image you get the image name as NdLEoUJCqNLlZFQBKEr7lxTK-PKQjqi5FtBM8k5lqs8  Remember me if you crack this code ;-) ”   An important clue came from u/cryptogreetings themselves. When u/mishax1 stated that  “there are 239 BIP39 seed words in that picture, ” the original poster said  “you can throw at least half of those out. This is clue #1. ” When asked for more clues, u/cryptogreetings was cryptic, saying that perhaps hints could be dropped in the future if the task proved difficult. They also revealed that 1 BTC was the first prize, but not the only one.   “There ’s also some consolation prizes scattered in there, but let ’s not even talk about those for now ;) ”   This isn ’t the first time Bitcoin has been hidden in puzzles to be solved. Artist  Marguerite Driscoll  collaborated with three others in 2015 to conceal 4.87 Bitcoin in her art, which at the time amounted to about $1150. Her paintings acted as puzzles to be solved by the community, bringing forum users on Reddit and  BitcoinTalk  together to figure it out.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Russia’s Central Bank Will Host an ICO Pilot on its Regulatory Platform Twitter  Russian banking giant Sberbank and the country’s National Settlement Depository will test an initial coin offering on a central bank regulatory platform.  Sberbank and the National Settlement Depository (NSD), Russia biggest bank and the securities depository respectively, will test the issuance of an initial coin offering (ICO) on a regulatory platform established by the Bank of Russia, the country’s central bank. Launched in April, the regulatory platform was developed by the central bank to conduct test pilots of new financial  services and technologies that required legislative changes before any implementation.  According to an  announcement  by Sberbank CIB, the corporate and investment banking arm of Sberbank, the issuer of the ICO will be Moscow-based Level One, a popular commercial lecture website.  The coin offering will occur in late summer 2018 with tokens registered and settled on the NSD’s financial market infrastructure, used by traditional stock exchanges. Sberbank says it “will act as the organizer and chief investor in Level One’s ICO”. The NSD will serve as the custodian and, in addition to safeguarding the digital assets, will also maintain a record of transacti ons settled.  The two financial institutions claim the pilot will enable them to mitigate any associated risks and gain feedback from the central bank while assessing the performance of an ICO which provides transparency to reduce risks for investors.  “Our end goal is to create the fundamental basis for the development of the digital economy in our country, for the emergence of a new type of asset for investors, for ICO ecosystems, and for the circulation of digital assets on the secondary market,” NSD chairman Eddie Astanin stated. “In conjunction with market leaders, we are implementing a project to create infrastructure t o record digital assets.”  The noteworthy pilot comes at a time when Russian companies are professing an active interest in fundraising possibilties through initial coin offerings, according to Sberbank CIB chief Igor Bulantseve.  The Sberbank executive, who is also the senior vice president of the banking group, said:  Sberbank CIB considers the Russian ICO market to be very promising. Many Sberbank clients are interested in this type of investment, and we plan to promote this service proactively once the appropriate legislative framework comes into effect; we will be one of the drivers to institutionalize and popularize this type of transaction.  As reported this week, Sberbank CIB notably  purchased commercial bonds  from telecom giant MTS over a blockchain, the first transaction of its kind in Russia. Russia’s NDS has also implemented blockchain technology for  e-proxy voting  as early as 2016.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Gold Responds to Recent Double Spend Attack Twitter  The development team behind Bitcoin Gold has released an update on last week’s 51 percent attack, which the attacker weaponized through a double spend attack to steal funds from cryptocurrency exchanges.  Published on Thursday, the  update  confirmed that the attacker had gained majority control of the network’s hashrate and used that control to reorganize the blockchain and reverse transactions.  In this case, the attacker made deposits at cryptocurrency exchanges, traded the coins for BTC or another coin, and then withdrew the funds. Next, the attacker used their dominant computing power to force the rest of the network to accept falsified blocks that reversed their initial deposits and caused these funds to vanish from exchange-controlled wallets.  As CCN  reported , an address associated with the attacker had sent itself more than 380,000 BTG in a series of transactions consistent with double spending behavior. It’s not clear how many of these transactions resulted in successful thefts from exchanges. In theory, the attacker could have made off with more than $18 million worth of funds, but only if every transaction resulted in a success ful theft (again, the attacker ’s rate of success has not been verified).  The project’s developers blamed the attack in part on the fact that bitcoin gold’s mining algorithm  — Equihash  — is used by a number of other cryptocurrencies, rendering the pool of available hashpower much larger than the bitcoin gold network’s individual hashpower.  Bitcoin Gold had already planned to move to a new algorithm, a decision the community made after mining hardware manufacturer Bitmain announced that it was accepting preorders for the  first Equihash ASIC miner , and the developers said that moving to this new algorithm will render the network “dramatically safer” from future 51 percent attacks.  They said that, particularly in the wake of the recent successful attack, they will deploy the new algorithm as quickly as possible:  “We’ve been working at an incredible pace the past days to put the plan and pieces together, and we expect to upgrade our mainnet approximately seven days after the necessary software is up and running on our testnet.”  “While it would be better to give all our partners more than seven days to test and deploy to avoid disruption, these attacks have already forced disruption on us all, so we feel it’s best to get the upgrade completed as soon as we possibly can,” they concluded.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Startup Omise Gains Megabank Sponsor for Blockchain Coworking Space in Japan Twitter  Mizuho, one of Japan’s three so-called ‘megabanks’, will sponsor Neutrino, the country’s first blockchain coworking space established by Ethereum-based startup Omise Japan.  Named ‘Neutrino’, the country’s first specialized blockchain co-working space was established by Omise in Tokyo in March this year. Omise, a Thai-based startup, sees Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin among its advisors and closed a $25 million ICO in new financing last year to develop a decentralized payments platform Omise Go, powered by OMG, an ERC20 token cryptocurrency.  The collaborative space aims to advance research to ultimately deploy operational implementations of blockchain technology and cryptocurrency in businesses and services.  ‘Started by OmiseGO, Neutrino is building a thriving community by connecting entrepreneurs, businesses, regulators, and cryptocurrency thought leaders together through series of regularly organized events, workshops and meetups,’ reads a description on Neutrino’s  website .  In an  announcement  on Friday, Japanese banking giant  Mizuho  revealed it will sponsor the coworking space in an arrangement that will also see the bank become a “long-term tenant” of the coworking space.  Mizuho sees blockchain as a decentralized technology that will have a transformative impact across industries, stating it will “simplify and optimize” various kinds of business operations. In outlining its own intentions to implement the technology to deliver better financial services to its clients, Mizuho believes Neutrino and the interactions within the coworking space “will  bring us one step closer to developing commercial applications for blockchain technology.”  The bank stated:  In addition to sponsoring Neutrino, Mizuho will be a long–term tenant of the coworking space, and we look forward to finding applications for blockchain technology and being able to develop new business areas together with the wide variety of sponsors, members, and other specialists Neutrino plans to attract.  Mizuho has previously experimented and developed a number of blockchain applications in  record keeping , cross-border  securities transactions ,  trade finance  with tech partner IBM and  document sharing .  Notably, the megabank is  an investor in bitFlyer , Japan’s largest and best-funded cryptocurrency exchange and has previously  tested its own digital currency  in a three-month trial with IBM Japan.  Featured image from OmiseJapan.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Drop From $20,000 Likely Due to Market Manipulation: Traders Twitter  Since December 17, the bitcoin price has been on a continuous decline, falling from $19,900 to $5,980 at its yearly low. While the bitcoin price has seen two mid-term recoveries and corrective rallies, both failed to test two major support levels at $12,000 and $10,000.  Market Manipulation Theory  Recently, a group of cryptocurrency researchers and traders  suggested  that the bitcoin price has began to fall from its all-time high at around $20,000, on the same day the bitcoin futures market of CME and CBOE launched.   The group of traders claimed that through the futures market, institutional investors and large-scale retail traders manipulated the market to cash out short contracts by purchasing and selling massive amounts of bitcoin in a correlated manner.   “Bitcoin reached its all time high (ATH) on December 17th of 2017, the exact date that CME futures trading began. In retrospect, it is now obvious that smart/institutional money was stocking up before that date. Hindsight is 20/20. Since 12/17/17, Bitcoin has been in a bear market. The remainder of this analysis will focus on patterns observed during this market downturn, as we ll as signals for when it might come to an end,”  the group said.  It added that every time the cryptocurrency market experienced a correction, the magnitude of the drop declined, proposing that the large-scale investors had less amounts of bitcoin after driving major corrections. The group emphasized that the cryptocurrency market experienced three major corrections since December 2017 and the two subsequent corrections recorded lower sell vo lumes.  “Not only is selling volume lower, but the drops have been less severe. Each component of each leg down is less steep than the previous leg down. RSI, a momentum indicator, also shows selling has been less extreme. The trend is ‘flattening out.’”  Source: BitcoinWisdom  As seen in the chart above, the initial correction of bitcoin in December led the price of BTC to fall from $19,900 to $6,000, by more than 69 percent. The second correction that occured on March 5 resulted in a drop from $11,800 to $6,500, by around 44.9 percent, and the third correction pushed the price of bitcoin to fall from $10,000 to $7,300, by 27 percent.  Validity of the Theory  In 2008, CNBC Mad Money host and fund manager Jim Cramer emphasized that it is relatively easy for large-scale investors to manipulate the stock market, which has significantly deeper liquidity than bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market.   “It’s a fun game and it’s a lucrative game. You could move it up and fade it, that often creates a very negative feel so let’s say you take a longer-term view into your day and I’m going to boost the futures and then when the real sellers come in, they’re going to knock it down and that’s going to create a negative view,”  said Cramer.  CNBC Fast Money host Melissa Lee raised a similar point on May 25 show, as she noted that banks and institutions have colluded to manipulate Libor among other assets, interest rates, and commodities.   It is entirely possible that the premise established by the group of cryptocurrency traders is correct and that large-scale investors have in fact manipulated the cryptocurrency market. But, if it has been the futures market that affected the price of bitcoin over the past five months, it is completely legal to do so and it remains unclear whether similar manipulation strategies can be prevented in the long-term.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Co-Founder Lubin: Cryptocurrencies Should Stay  ‘Unfettered ” from Regulations Twitter  It ’s a tricky balance, but Ethereum Co-Founder Joseph Lubin believes the cryptocurrency market should embrace regulators though he also points out it ’s vital not to stifle innovation.  Lubin, who is at the helm of ConsenSys, welcomes regulators into the cryptocurrency space both in the United States and in other parts of the world. He made the comments to Bloomberg at Paris ’ Viva Tech summit. Perhaps his remarks added some relief to the market, as the leading cryptocurrencies are currently trading in the green again.  “It is really valuable to have regulators in this space taking a look at some of the complicated practices in much less regulated situations. So, whether it ’s with respect to cryptocurrencies, and cryptocurrencies  — in my opinion  — should remain unfettered because they have tremendous use cases, or whether it ’s tokens representing securities or other assets, and how that maps into securities law, we ’re very happy to see the regulators, ” said Lubin.  If Lubin isn ’t worried about regulation, it ’s pretty safe to say that the balance of the cryptocurrency community shouldn ’t be, either. The important thing to note is that regulators don ’t appear to be turning a blind eye to innovation, either, which may explain why they haven ’t responded to the market with some blanket policy or ban like China. Policymakers too are looking to strike a balance, and perhaps that ’s a function of blockchain veterans like Lubin making the vision of decentralization clear.  Consumer Token vs. Security  Regulators have yet to provide a clear-cut definition of what comprises a security token and what does not. Perhaps they should ask Lubin if they haven ’t already. In order for the market to operate as it was intended, there needs to be a distinction between what are security tokens and what is not. Despite the fact that US SEC Chairman Jay Clayton said he has yet to see a token that ’s not a security, he may just not be looking for the right characteristics.  Lubin said that as far as regulation is concerned, he ’s honed in on securities laws. He said they are able to issue both security and utility tokens.  “We ’re focused on getting very clear definitions and helping regulators around the world understand that there are these network business models that benefit from membership tokens or tokens that represent consumption of scarce resources. And as long as these projects are selling tokens to token buyers that make use of the token and they ’re not selling in large quantities to speculators or hoping to make money by the actions of others, that is a good clean definition of a consumer token, ” said Lubin, who added that is  “absolutely what ether is ” and described it as a  “crypto fuel. ”  Market Volatility  While programmers like Vitalik Buterin and Lubin have made it clear that their attention is not on trading, the ConsenSys chief didn ’t shy away from questions about the US probe into possible price manipulation. Lubin pointed to other explanations for the dramatic swings in the bitcoin price.  “It could be just because the total value of these monetary bases are small and it ’s a very young technology and lots of news is coming out. But traders are sophisticated and traders will do what they can get away with, ” he told Bloomberg.  Decentralized World  The blockchain conferences are unfolding fast and furious this year, with the next one, dubbed the  Blockchain for Social Impact Coalition Conference  scheduled for June 1 in Washington, D.C.  Featured image from Flickr/ @thelastminute .  
INCREASE	   DOJ’s Bitcoin Price Manipulation Probe a ‘Good Thing’: Mike Novogratz Twitter  Billionaire investor and former hedge fund manager Mike Novogratz said that he is optimistic that the US Department of Justice’s (DOJ) recently-launched probe into allegations of bitcoin price manipulation will contribute to the long-term health of the cryptocurrency market.  Speaking in an interview with  Bloomberg , Novogratz  — the founder of $250 million cryptocurrency merchant bank  Galaxy Digital   — said that this increased oversight will help weed out bad actors from the nascent ecosystem.  “Weeding out the bad actors is a good thing, not a bad thing for the health of the market,” Novogratz said. “Plenty of exchanges have these inflated volume numbers to create some sense of excitement around coins.”  As CCN  reported , the DOJ is scrutinizing whether cryptocurrency traders and other market actors have engaged in illegal activities to manipulate the bitcoin price, as well as the value of other prominent cryptocurrencies.  Novogratz’s optimistic comments on the probe are not unique among Wall Street’s cryptocurrency bulls.  Cameron Winklevoss, who co-founded cryptocurrency exchange Gemini, told the publication that the company welcomes “any inquiry that serves to foster rules-based marketplaces and deter bad actors.” Gemini, incidentally, recently  struck a deal  with Nasdaq to use the stock exchange operator’s surveillance technology to flag unusual trading patterns in real time.  Similarly, Tom Lee  — founder of Fundstrat Global Advisors  — said that the investigation was “really welcome news” because it will bring “adult supervision” to the cryptocurrency markets. Fundstrat has  predicted  that the bitcoin price will reach $25,000 before the end of the year, an outlook it has not wavered from despite the recent downturn.  The bitcoin price traded sideways in the 24 hours before this article was written, despite significant intraday volatility that caused the flagship cryptocurrency to plunge from $7,738 to $7,331 in a span of just four hours. Bitcoin has since stabilized at a present value of $7,554 on Bitfinex.  Click  here  for a real-time bitcoin price chart.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   South Korean Conglomerate Hyundai ’s Cryptocurrency Mining Pool Hacked, Withdrawals Disallowed Twitter  The mining pool of HDAC, a blockchain platform and company operated by Hyundai BS &C, a subsidiary of South Korea’s biggest car manufacturer and major conglomerate, experienced a hacking attack on May 24 and was forced to halt withdrawals temporarily.  Mining Pool Breach  According to local cryptocurrency media outlet TokenPost, HDAC’s mining pool fell victim to a server breach that led hackers to gain access to the internal system of the mining pool. Earlier today, the HDAC team stated that it is currently recovering the platform from the server hack and until the details of the hack are disclosed, the HDAC team emphasized that withdrawals will  be halted.  HyundaiPay, the fintech branch of Hyundai BS &C, told local reports that the HDAC mining pool breach is not related to its operations and said that it is not responsible for the hacking attack on the mining pool, even though HyundaiPay is a subsidiary company of Hyundai BS &C that has been tasked to develop the HDAC platform.  “The cryptocurrency mining pool of HDAC has no connections to HyundaiPay and its ventures. The HyundaiPay team has no knowledge about the security breach and it does not intervene in the operations of the mining pool. The HDAC blockchain itself is not impacted by the breach,” a HyundaiPay spokesperson said.  “Currently, there are 299 individuals in the HDAC cryptocurrency mining pool and not all of the participants have been affected. While HyundaiPay cannot provide exact details in regards to the reach of the hack, the team estimates that the vast majority of miners have been affected.”  Is Hyundai in the Blockchain Sector?  Hyundai is one of the most influential conglomerates in South Korea alongside Samsung, Hanwha, and Lotte. It’s operations are spread across the car manufacturing industry, real estate sector, and other major industries.   According to local reports, since mid-2017, Hyundai has actively been involved in the blockchain sector, developing decentralized applications and blockchain networks with a vision of commercializing blockchain technology in the traditional finance sector.   HDAC, the blockchain project associated with the mining pool, is an VeChain-like blockchain protocol that enables businesses to better utilize blockchain technology and Internet of Things (IoT) to efficiently store, send, and receive data.  “The technology can be applied to smart factories, smart homes, smart buildings, and various industries. Also, M2M transaction for mutual contracts and operation between IoT devices are implemented to bring a platform where rational consumptions and transactions are possible. It is also where we can implement Transaction Innovation,”  the HDAC development team explained.  Despite the recent downturn of the cryptocurrency market, the hype around blockchain technology and open-source decentralized networks like Ethereum is still relatively large. Businesses like Kakao, Naver, SKT, and Hyundai are trying to position themselves at the forefront of blockchain development to commercialize the technology at a large-scale and increase the mainstream ado ption of the blockchain.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   American Express Taps Hyperledger Blockchain for Rewards Program Revamp Twitter  American Express  has deployed Hyperledger’s blockchain technology to make its Membership Rewards program more versatile, marking the first application of blockchain technology to a major U.S. financial services loyalty program.  Under the revamped program, merchants will be able to create Membership Rewards offers on their own platforms to engage customers and at the same time offer card members more opportunities to earn points.  Rewards On Select Products  American Express is partnering with Boxed, an online wholesale retailer, on a pilot promotion for Membership Rewards enrolled members. Members can earn 5X Membership Rewards points for select products and brands.  American Express will initially provide rewards points to Boxed customers for Cheerios cereal, Planters nuts, Dove soap and a few other items, according to the  Associated Press . American Express plans to make the program available to nearly all merchant partners in the coming months.  The technology has helped to target individual items, which in the past has proven challenging since merchants’ inventory systems differ from one another.  Hyperledger  blockchain technology enabled American Express to solve the problem so that merchants and American Express can create product-targeted offers.  More Versatile Promotions  Amex ’s new blockchain rewards program will allow merchants to create rewad campaigns for individual products. | Source: Shutterstock  Chris Cracchiolo, who oversees Membership Rewards at American Express, said merchants can develop programs based on time of day and day of week by encouraging the customer to download the merchant’s app. Merchants will have significantly more ways to reward customers.  While customers could be targeted for an offer based on spending behavior at a particular merchant under the Amex Offers program in the past, these offers could not target specific products.  Because American Express owns and manages the blockchain technology, merchants incur minimal setup time to participate in the program. American Express can get merchants’ offers up and running in weeks rather than months.  Also read:  American Express wants  “full advantage of blockchain, ” joins open-source Hyperledger project  How It Works  A private channel on the company’s blockchain will allow merchants to send and receive information securely. The merchant will have control over the offers they wish to market, and they will be able to create custom Membership Rewards offers and designate SKU level bonuses.  American Express will have full visibility of the offers on the blockchain and will ensure the promotions conform to its brand values and merchant agreements.  Once the offers are available to customers, the smart contract will automatically send the anonymized transaction to American Express on the private blockchain. American Express will identify the card member and issue them their rewards points.  American Express will work with merchants to create the smart contracts for the offers.  The credit card giant is a premiere Hyperledger member, along with Deutsche Bank, JPMorgan, IBM, Intel, Baidu and Accenture.  Marc Gordon, American Express information chief and vice president, said  the company wants to take full advantage of blockchain  to deliver innovative products for customers and partners when it joined Hyperledger.  Featured Image from American Express  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Wallet Xapo Implements Scaling Solution SegWit Twitter  Ted Rogers, the president at Xapo, a widely utilized cryptocurrency wallet and vault, has revealed that the platform has activated Segregated Witness (SegWit), the scaling solution developed by the Bitcoin Core development team.  SegWit Adoption and Importance of Xapo  Earlier this month, Tom Metcalf at  Bloomberg reported  that Xapo’s cold wallet stored in its underground bunkers in Switzerland oversees more than $10 billion worth of bitcoin, an amount that is larger than 5,670 banks in the US. Xapo manages more deposits than 98 percent of the banks in the US.  Ryan Radloff, the founder of  CoinShares , an investment company that has more than $500 million worth of bitcoin stored in Xapo’s cold wallet, stated that the vast majority of large-scale investors that do not hold or manage their own private keys have their bitcoin stored in Xapo’s vaults.  “Everyone who isn’t keeping keys themselves is keeping them with Xapo,” said Radloff.  Billionaire investor and LinkedIn co-founder Reid Hoffman echoed a similar sentiment as Radloff and stated that Xapo is the first and one of the very few successful companies to have commercialized custodial and security functions in the cryptocurrency industry.  “They’re the first folks who recognized custodial and security functions would be key. He made the pitch in the morning and in the afternoon I called him with an offer,” said Hoffman, who invested more than $20 million in Xapo in 2014.  Xapo offers services for retail bitcoin users, but it has become most famous for its institutional-grade cold storage vaults.  While  Coinbase  and  Blockchain  have significant influence over the consumer market and individual investors, Xapo has dominance over the institutional market within the cryptocurrency sector, directly dealing with institutional investors and retail traders.  Large-scale investors who have their funds in cryptocurrency stored in Xapo’s vaults do not tend to move small amounts of bitcoin on a regular basis. Because it takes around 24 hours for Xapo to transfer bitcoin stored in its vault to the hot wallet of users and the process requires a higher fee than normal bitcoin transactions, investors prefer to move large sums of bitcoin in and out of Xapo’s vaults.  By eliminating unnecessary transactional data and moving additional information outside of the transactional data,  SegWit  optimizes transactions and decreases the amount of fees users are required to pay to miners to have their transactions broadcasted to the bitcoin blockchain network.  Xapo’s integration of SegWit will enable large sums of bitcoin to be processed on the bitcoin blockchain network as SegWit-enabled transactions, drastically decreasing costs and burden on the main blockchain network.   Bitcoin’s Scalability  Ethereum and other smart contract-based blockchain networks that are required to process larger chunks of data in comparison to bitcoin are developing innovative solutions like sharding and plasma that divide the blockchain network into chunks and allow for a more efficient method of information processing.  The bitcoin blockchain network is currently experimenting with Lightning Network as the second-layer blockchain solution to process smaller transactions in a larger capacity and SegWit as a scaling solution for its first or base layer.   The adoption of SegWit as a scaling solution by widely utilized cryptocurrency platforms like Xapo and Blockchain will enable SegWit to evolve into a technology that transforms bitcoin from a store of value to a scalable currency.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Company Sues CryptoKitties Creator for Allegedly Stealing Trade Secrets Twitter  Axiom Zen, the company behind popular Ethereum DApp CryptoKitties, has been hit with a lawsuit for allegedly violating a non-disclosure agreement and stealing trade secrets.  The suit, filed last week in US District Court for the Southern District of California by San Diego-based company Starcoin (which operates under the name Tradestar) and reviewed by CCN, claims that Tradestar and Axiom Zen discussed confidential trade secrets during a series of email communications in February 2018. These discussions were allegedly protected by a non-disclosure  agreement (NDA), a copy of which was included in the court documents.  The lawsuit alleges that Axiom Zen, after cutting off communications with Tradestar, stole the latter’s idea to produce a digital collectible modeled after the likeness of NBA superstar Stephen Curry, an idea that was put into production through CryptoKitties’ now-suspended “ CurryKitties ” campaign.  Tradestar, which describes itself as a marketplace for entertainer collectibles, says on its website that it provides customers with “exclusive content from …musicians, athletes, and creators.”  Tradestar claims that, after CryptoKitties allegedly stole its trade secrets, investors who had previously been interested in Starcoin instead invested in Axiom Zen.  From the suit, portions of which have been blacked out due to a court-approved seal:  “In fact, since Axiom received Starcoin’s confidential information, two investors who had previously expressed interest in Starcoin — such as CAA Ventures and Digital Currency Group — have now passed on investing opportunities offered by Starcoin, and instead they have both funded Axiom.”  As CCN  reported , CryptoKitties recently suspended the CurryKitties promotion, stating that the company has “reason to believe Steph wasn’t as involved” in the promotion as it had been led to believe.  Source: Axiom Zen  Tradestar CEO Jevon Feinblatt told CCN that this claim “doesn’t really make sense, since they publicly claimed before hand that a partnership was struck” with Moji, Curry’s app development company.  “Regardless, the damage has already been inflicted upon Tradestar, regarding the many reasons we are filing the case,” he added.  However, in a statement provided to CCN, a spokesperson for CryptoKitties and Axiom Zen said that the suit had “no merit.”  “We have been falsely accused of breaching an NDA and believe the lawsuit has no merit. Axiom Zen is a company that is committed to ethical and responsible work, including ownership and protection of data,” the statement read, adding in a follow up-email that “the two instances are unrelated. We suspended the CurryKitties auction for reasons prior to and separate from recent events.”  Featured Image from CryptoKitties  
INCREASE	   Cash-Free Norway Proposes a State-Issued Cryptocurrency Twitter  Preparing for a future that is powered by digital currencies, the Central Bank of Norway released a framework on May 21, 2018, describing a state-issued cryptocurrency.  Public Interests at Focal Point of Paper  Titled “ Central Bank Digital Currencies ,” the 55-page report goes on to detail several factors, mechanisms, and considerations involved in creating a “robust and efficient payment system,” citing the diminishing need for cash in the world’s 62nd largest country.   As stated, the primary objective of the Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC) paper is to incite public discussions based on the currency’s societal function, use of personal information, and everyday utility.   The paper outlines the following aspects that correspond to the end goal:   – Ensuring a credit and public risk-free alternative to cash and bank deposits.   – Serving as a backup currency which independently operates along with the traditional electronic payment systems. ordinary electronic payment systems.   – To function as legal tender, as a supplement to credit cards and cash.  – To ensure anonymity; safeguarding user privacy in terms of spending, a feature that the current banking system does not offer.  – Making the system easy-to-use and access, requiring no technical knowledge on the user’s behalf to support the spending of CBDCs  Salient Features of CBDC  The paper further discusses factors that could augment demand for CBDCs, for both payment and value-added services, such as ensuring a simple process for converting the state-issued digital coins to a legal bank deposit and vice-versa.  Additionally, it describes the use of distinct models: an account-based storage model that is centralized for security purposes and stored on a database, a value-based model that is wholly decentralized and stored on electronic chips, and a hybrid model which combines the two and would have the government overlooking the protocol and acting as a steward; much like the Ethereum  Foundation’s role with ether.   Drawing caution to the proposed system, the paper’s researchers mention:  A CBDC raises complex issues. There is virtually no international experience to draw on. Further analysis is needed to assess the purposes of a CBDC, the types of solutions that best achieve these purposes and the benefits measured against financial and other costs.  In conclusion, the report notes that it may be “too early” to introduce a state-issued digital token, as the underlying technology is still “immature,” and in its nascent stages. However, the group did not find any immediate threat with the premise, which could impede the development.  Norway ’s Paper on State-Issued Digital Currencies can be accessed  here .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency is a  ‘Token ’, We Won ’t Call it a Currency: South Africa ’s Central Bank Twitter  South Africa’s central bank is choosing to call cryptocurrencies like bitcoin as ‘cyber-tokens’ rather than currencies, arguing they do not ‘meet the requirements of money’.  The South African Reserve Bank (SARB), the country’s central bank, prefers to see cryptocurrencies as ‘tokens’ rather than currencies according to deputy governor Francois Groepe.  As things stand, the authority has not outlined any policies or a regulatory framework for the cryptocurrency sector. Even so, the central bank’s current outlook could lead toward an official policy sometime in the future.  In quotes reported by Bloomberg, the central bank official explained:  We don’t use the term ‘cryptocurrency’ because it doesn’t meet the requirements of money in the economic sense of the stable means of exchange, a unit of measure and a stable unit of value…We prefer to use the world ‘cyber-token’.  It isn’t immediately clear why the official weighed in on the still-unofficial stance on cryptocurrencies but the deputy governor offered his remarks while speaking to reporters in Pretoria, one of South Africa’s three capital cities, on Thursday.  Having established a FinTech task force earlier in January, the SARB also installed  a self-regulatory body  tasked to review and outline a regulatory framework for the cryptocurrency sector in April. “[S]elf-regulation through self-regulatory organisations (SROs) may be a more likely solution for the regulation of cryptocurrencies,” the central bank’s banking practice director Bridget King said, claiming cryptocurrencies aren’t suited to traditional centralized supervision afforded  to the banking and financial sectors.  In revealing the SARB’s position on cryptocurrencies yesterday, Groepe touched on the FinTech unit at play, stating:  “We want to ensure or establish whether there is still compliance with the relevant financial surveillance or exchange-control regulations. ”  At the fundamental core, central banks represent the very basis of a traditional financial system that cryptocurrencies are meant to disrupt. No surprise then that most central banks and their officials offer a skeptical take with many, like the SARB, refusing to classify cryptocurrencies as money.  Elsewhere, the deputy governor of Israel’s central bank also claimed bitcoin and other digital currencies weren’t currencies nor foreign currencies but a ‘ financial asset ’ instead, earlier this year. Bank of England governor Mark Carney opined bitcoin had ‘ failed ’ as a currency so far on possessing the ‘traditional aspects of money’.  To South Africa’s north within the continent, a recent effort by Zimbabwe’s central bank  to ban  financial institutions from providing services to the cryptocurrency exchanges and the wider industry was  quickly snuffed  by the High Court in Harare yesterday.  Featured image from Google Maps.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Posts Minor Recovery But Bitcoin Downward Trend is Still Strong Twitter  As CCN reported yesterday, on May 24, the bitcoin price dipped below $7,250 as a massive sell-off from the $7,700 mark intensified. After three consecutive sell-offs within a 24-hour period, the price of bitcoin dropped from $7,900 to $7,250, eventually stabilizing at $7,400.  Bear Market  The cryptocurrency sector is in a short-term bear cycle. In a highly volatile period like this, positive developments and events that would otherwise lead to a significant surge in the valuation of the cryptocurrency market often do not affect the market in a major way.  As such, in spite of the entrance of financial institutions like the New York Stock Exchange, Goldman Sachs, and JPMorgan, the cryptocurrency market has continued to decline.  Based on the price trend of BTC over the past two months, it is possible that the correction continues to the higher end of the $6,000 region, considering the overly strong downward trend of BTC and other major cryptocurrencies in the global market.   Throughout its recent history, over the past 12 months, bitcoin recorded three major drops. As seen in the 1-day price chart of BTC below, all three correction bounced back on a similar support level at $6,600. When the bitcoin price dropped from $20,000 to the $6,000 region, the bitcoin price rebounded to $12,000 after securing the $6,600 support level.  A similar trend occurred when the price of BTCdropped from $11,000 to $6,400 and so on. It is possible that the BTC price bottoms out in the mid $6,000 region once again and immediately initiate a strong rally back to the $10,000 to $12,000 region.   Why Chinese Billionaire Bought 10,000 Bitcoin in Q1  In the first quarter of 2018, when the BTC price dropped to the $6,000 for the first time in 2018, Chinese billionaire angel investor Wang Feng purchased 10,000 BTC in the $6,600 region. Along with bitcoin, Feng bought Theta, Ontology (ONT), Cortex (CTXC), ArcBlock (ABT), Zipper (ZIP), YeeCall (YEE), Dxchain (DXC), Charter (CAF).   10,000 BTC, which is worth around $76,000,000, is an amount of bitcoin that is difficult to purchase on cryptocurrency exchanges without significantly driving the price up in the short-term. Feng most likely had purchased $76 million worth of bitcoin in the over-the-counter (OTC) market or directly from miners.  A bulk purchase of bitcoin of over $50 million requires significant confidence in both the short-term and long-term price trend of BTC. Feng likely assumed that $6,600, the major support level for bitcoin, would remain as the bottom even for future corrections and bear cycles.  “When asked about the market crash in March, he dismissed it as no big deal. He called it a short-term setback and in fact, said Cryptocurrencies rose very well in the long term,”  CCN reported.  If the bitcoin price drops below $7,000 and to the higher end of $6,000, the market will likely experience a strong bounce and record a major rally throughout the third quarter of 2018, potentially back to the $10,000 and $12,000 region, as it did in March.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Monero Mining Malware Hits Apple Macs Twitter  A new Mac-based cryptojacking attack was reported this past week on Apple’s forums, forcing users to unwittingly run software that mines privacy coin monero.  According to a Malwarebytes Labs  blog post , the software was discovered when a user noticed that a process called “mshelper” consumed suspiciously-large amounts of CPU time. The user said that mshelper was constantly appearing in the CPU section of their Activity Monitor at high levels. They noticed this after installing BitDefender, which constantly relayed that mshelper was deleting it. This user tried using Malwareb ytes, which proved unhelpful.  One reader suggested running Etrecheck, which immediately identified the malware and allowed the victim to remove it.  Malware Components Identified  Malwarebytes Labs said there were other suspicious processes installed, for which it was able to find file copies.  The “dropper” is the program that installs the malware. Mac malware oftentimes is installed by decoy documents users mistakenly open, downloads from pirate sites, and false Adobe Flash Player installers. The dropper remained elusive for cryptominer, but Malwarebytes Labs believes it to be a simple malware.  The researchers found the location of a launcher file called “pplauncher,” which is maintained by a launch daemon. This means the dropper likely had root privileges.  The pplauncher file was written in Golang for macOS, its purpose being to install and begin the miner process. Golang requires a certain amount of overhead that causes a binary file of more than 23,000 tasks. To use this for a simple purpose indicates the creator is not highly knowledgeable about Mac devices.  Also read:  Hackers injected cryptocurrency mining malware into 4,275 government websites  — they only made $24  Modeled On A Legitmate Miner  Cryptojacking attacks hijack a computer ’s CPU power and use it to mine cryptocurrencies like monero for the attacker.  The mshelper process gives the appearance of an older version of  XMRig miner , a legitimate miner that can be deployed using Homebrew on Macs. Information from the current XMRig indicates it was built on May 7, 2018 with clang 9.0.0.  When the same information was sought from the mshelper process, it indicated it was built on March 26, 2018, also with clang 9.0.0.  Malwarebytes Labs concluded that mshelper is an older XMRig copy used to create the cryptocurrency for the benefit of the  hacker . The pplauncher gives command line statements, including a parameter that specifies the user.  The researchers said that the  mining malware  is not dangerous unless the user’s Mac has damaged fans or clogged vents that can result in overheating.  The mshelper is a legitimate tool that someone is abusing, but it still needs to be removed, as well as all of the malware.  The new malware  — now known as OSX.ppminer  — falls in line with cryptominers such as Creative Update, CpuMeaner and Pwnet for macOS.  Images from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   UK Company Acquires  ‘Bitcoin ’ Trademark, Allegedly Threatens Etsy Store over BTC-themed Items Twitter  A UK company has acquired the trademark for “Bitcoin” and has allegedly threatened to bring a lawsuit against a small business that sells bitcoin-themed shirts.  The business owner shared their plight on the Bitcoin subreddit, explaining that today, May 25, they received a letter from a company claiming to own the UK trademark for “Bitcoin.”  The  letter , a redacted version of which the user posted online, further said that the t-shirt business must remove all bitcoin-themed merchandise from its Etsy store, recall all bitcoin-related products that have already been sold, and deliver this merchandise to the trademark owner. Failure to do so, the letter claimed, would result in a trademark infringement lawsuit.  “I didn ’t believe it at first since I knew that bitcoin and the bitcoin logo are public domain, and even a similar trademark application in the US failed,” the user wrote.  However, as the business owner soon found out, a company called A.B.C. IPHoldings South West LLC  successfully obtained a trademark for “Bitcoin”  last month after initially submitting the application on Dec. 27, 2017.  A.B.C. IPHoldings South West LLC is listed as a subsidiary of Monolip LTD, whose mailing address appears to be a rented mailbox at a London branch of Mail Boxes Etc.  The firm has only applied for one other trademark, “Westworld,” presumably due to its association with the HBO show of the same name. The application for this trademark has been published, but it has not yet been examined by the IP office.  Contact information for the company was not immediately available, so CCN was unable to reach them for comment. The user who claimed to have received the letter did not immediately reply to an inquiry about how they intended to respond.  It’s unclear whether the threat-sender (presumably A.B.C. IPHoldings South West or Monolip LTD) will carry out its threat, and whether the threat would hold up in court remains to be seen as well.  In any case, it ’s surprising that a company was able to successfully trademark the term, particularly since the flagship cryptocurrency has more or less achieved mainstream recognition over the past several years.  As CCN  reported , a Moscow-based company unsuccessfully attempted to obtain a Russian trademark for  “Bitcoin ” in 2016. Previously, the US Patent and Trademark Office rejected a California company ’s attempt to obtain a  “Bitcoin ” trademark, though US firms can register longer trademarks that include the word.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   ICO PR Stunt Turns Tragic after Guide Dies Scaling Mt. Everest Twitter  A promotional stunt for a Ukranian startup’s upcoming initial coin offering (ICO) turned tragic after a sherpa reportedly died while helping a group of climbers hide a cryptocurrency wallet at the summit of Mt. Everest.  According to  FT Alphaville , social networking startup ASKfm sponsored a promotion to hide a  Ledger wallet  containing 500,000 ASKfm tokens at the mountain’s summit, which any cryptocurrency enthusiast “brave enough” could claim by scaling Everest and finding it.  The company said that the tokens were worth $50,000, though this estimate was not based on actual market data since the company’s ICO has not yet begun.   Tragically, a Sherpa accompanying the group of climbers appears to have died during the expedition, FT reports, citing data garnered from local news reports and Everest blogger Alan Arnette, as well as an interview with Taras Pozdnii, one of the four climbers who participated in the ASKfm expedition.  When queried about the Sherpa’s death, ASKfm gave conflicting statements, at one point claiming that the Sherpa was assisting a separate group of climbers at the time of his disappearance.  “We have become aware that a Sherpa who successfully assisted one of our sponsored climbers on a part of their journey, prior to assisting other non related groups of climbers, later became missing,” the company said in its statement to the publication.  This, however, does not line up with statements made by two of the climbers themselves, who said he had gone missing during a portion of the descent when it would have been odd for him to leave the ASKfm group to assist other climbers.  Meanwhile, Arnette, one of the foremost authorities on Everest-related happenings, said that he had  serious questions  about the events that led to the Sherpa’s disappearance and subsequent death.  “I find it hard to understand how the 45 year-old Sherpa developed snow blindness, was reported to be staggering and no one was able to help him,” he wrote. “I look forward to obtaining more details on this sad event.”  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   UPbit Audit Confirms South Korea’s Biggest Cryptocurrency Exchange Not at Fault Twitter  A major accounting firm in South Korea has revealed results of an audit of UPbit’s cryptocurrency holdings, confirming that the exchange did not inflate its balance sheet and deceive investors.  UPbit Investigation Results to be Released This Week  An  official police investigation  into UPbit, the country’s largest cryptocurrency exchange, by the Financial Supervisory Service (FSS), Korea Financial Intelligence Unit (KIU) and local police is still ongoing.   Last week, the South Korean police  raided the headquarters  of UPbit to investigate into the practices of the exchange after receiving tips that the exchange allegedly has been processing cryptocurrency trades without actually holding user funds.   Essentially, the local police accused UPbit of operating its order books without storing cryptocurrencies and pretended that it held large amounts of user funds in bitcoin, Ethereum, and other cryptocurrencies.  At the time, several insider sources have stated that the investigation stemmed from a liquidity issue because UPbit only operated wallets of around 90 cryptocurrencies even though the exchange has 130 cryptocurrencies listed on the platform.  Crypto markets took a tumble last week following news of the raids.  Users of the 30 cryptocurrencies on UPbit that are yet to see independent wallets integrated by the exchange, cannot deposit or withdraw the tokens directly from UPbit and have to exchange the assets to other cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ethereum before withdrawing.  The lack of wallet support for dozens of cryptocurrencies led to the investigation and the government accusing UPbit of inflating its balance sheet.  “Since early 2018, UPbit created snapshots of its multi-signature wallets and funds stored within them for auditing purposes. Yoojin accounting firm, a major accounting firm based in Seoul, confirmed that all of the funds on the UPbit platform match the cryptocurrency holdings of UPbit stored in its multi-signature wallets,”  reported MoneyToday.  What Happens to UPbit?  Despite the ongoing investigation, UPbit has been fully operational and continued to process trades for its users. Based on the audit report of Yoojin, it is highly likely that the government investigation into UPbit will end with a simple issue in liquidity and if the report of Yoojin is accurate, UPbit will not suffer from any consequence from the recent case as it stemmed from a simple misunderstanding of UPbit’s wallet structure.   If the UPbit case was one of the major factors that led the cryptocurrency market to fall by large margins over the past week, the cryptocurrency market will likely recover as soon as the official report of the Korea Financial Intelligence Unit is released. Already, the South Korean cryptocurrency community has started to dismiss the UPbit case after the audit report of Yoojin was released and within the next few days, the local financial authorities are expected to reveal the findings of its investigation.  UPbit is a multi-billion dollar company operated by the country ’s largest technology conglomerate Kakao. Investors claim that it would not have released the audit report of Yoojin and claimed that the exchange is not at fault if the government investigation will reveal otherwise in the future. As such, investors have started to gain confidence in UPbit and its future.  Images from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Nomura Unveils Institutional-Grade Cryptoasset Custody Service Twitter  A global venture called Komainu has been created to provide a secure digital asset custody solution for institutional investors. Partners in the venture include  Nomura , a global financial services group,  Ledger , a digital asset security solutions provider, and Global Advisor Holdings, an international investment house.  Japanese Holding Company Nomura Unveils Institutional-Grade Cryptoasset Custody Service  The new venture will establish an operational framework to allow investors to deploy best practices in the emerging digital asset sector, according to an announcement from Nomura.  The project includes top experts in fund management, digital asset security, asset administration and banking.  Komainu will meet the need for safe investment vehicles at a time when investor interest for digital assets is growing rapidly. Asset managers find existing investment vehicles lacking in the area of safety, citing a lack of regulatory, compliance and security criteria when it comes to digital assets.  Ledger is best known for its cryptocurrency hardware wallets, but it also offers custodial solutions for wealthy investors.  The opportunity is abundant, with the 10 largest digital assets claiming a market capitalization of more than $300 billion, pushing institutional investors to find ways to tap this emerging asset class. Already, one-fifth of financial companies are looking at starting digital investment businesses within the year.  “Global investment managers have long been held back from full participation in digital asset markets, limited by operational and regulatory risk,” said Jez Mohideen, Nomura’s global chief digital officer. “Our new partnership will set the required standards that will bring peace of mind to digital asset investors, and provide tools and products to enable better integration with more traditional investment vehicles such as mutual funds.”  An established security solution provider already exists in Ledger, which has sold more than 1 million Nano S hardware wallets, noted Pascal Gauthier, president of that company. The Vault, a key management solution that is hardware based marks a natural expansion of Ledger’s offering.  Also read:  Contract Vault and ChainSecurity join forces to provide smart contract auditing services  Digital Joins Financial  “By bringing together financial industry experts and digital asset security leaders, our new venture will provide, for the first time, services and solutions built for business,” Gauthier said.  Global Advisors Holdings Limited, the parent company of  CoinShares , has been seeking the type of custody solution that is readily available in the analog financial system, noted Jean-Marie Mognetti, co-principal of the company.  “After six years of research  – and collaboration with our administration partner and its regulator  – we now have demonstrable progress,” Mognetti said. “This will open new and exciting opportunities to global participants and contribute to move digital asset closer to mainstream offerings.”  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Dubai Bitcoin Exchange Halts Fiat Withdrawals Due to Bank  ‘Issue ’ Twitter   Dubai-based exchange BitOasis has suspended UAE Dirham/BTC trading, citing issues with the bank servicing the exchange itself.    A communication was sent to BitOasis users yesterday that starting Tuesday, no more dirham can be withdrawn from the exchange, leaving users with today only to move their balance elsewhere or top it up with more dirham if desired.   Users wishing to make credit card deposits can do so at the discounted fee of four percent until June 16. According to BitOasis, the issuing bank of the exchange is the only problem, and the normal trading of cryptocurrencies such as BTC, BCH, ETH, XRP, LTC, XMR, and ZEC will continue as usual, as will cryptocurrency withdrawals from the exchange into private wallets.   Arabian Business  quotes the statement as informing BitOasis users the following:  “If you decide to leave your fiat balances the only way for you to withdraw your funds at any time after May 15th would be to convert it to cryptocurrency and send it to an external wallet”  “If you choose to keep your AED fiat balances after May 15th, currently we do not have any date on when we will be reactivating AED fiat withdrawals, but we are hard at work to provide our customers with this service.”  There is no date as of yet for the reactivation of dirham withdrawals and deposits by wire transfer, although BitOasis have said it should be soon.   AED wire withdrawals will be enabled again soon. Please feel free to store your funds until it 's enabled.  — BitOasis (@bitoasis)  May 14, 2018   The exchange, which operates in the UAE, Saudi Arabia, and Kuwait, has suspended withdrawals in the past as well, halting transfers to and from Emirates NBD, Noor Bank and Mashreq bank accounts in 2017 for a short time  Gulf News  reported that customers experienced delayed withdrawals while new verifications were also suspended and that the issue was due to regulatory pressure from within the UAE at the time.   Entrepreneur  Ola Dudin  of Jordan founded BitOasis in 2014 as a hybrid wallet/exchange, and the exchange has been active since then, listing Zcash as recently as April 23, 2018. According to  the website , BitOasis plans to be the first digital assets company in MENA to be registered in a major technology center in the region.  The company has not yet updated the blog regarding the new constraints on the use of the dirham currency on the exchange. Many BitOasis users are concerned with the recent developments, and have taken to Twitter to voice complaints and seek answers to their questions on the timeline of the restrictions and whether they still have time to withdraw their money.   @bitoasis  with the last minute email about wire withdrawal closures, I can’t connect to your website. You need to give your customers few days time.  — Riaz Ur Rahaman (@riazrahaman)  May 14, 2018   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   IBM to Issue Cryptocurrency Token on Public Stellar Blockchain Twitter  Computing giant IBM has announced that it has signed a partnership with environmental fintech startup Veridium Labs to issue a cryptocurrency token on the Stellar blockchain.  The initiative, unveiled on Tuesday, will see IBM and Veridium tokenize carbon credits, enabling pollution-heavy companies to offset the damage their operations cause to the environment. Proceeds from selling the “verde” token will be used to reforest a 250-square mile patch of rainforest on the island of Borneo in Indonesia.  Third-party carbon credits have existed for some time, but they’re difficult to value and hold on a traditional balance sheet. The verde token, in contrast, is fungible and can be redeemed and traded on the public Stellar network, removing friction and opacity from the carbon credit supply chain.  “For years, we ’ve been trying to mitigate environmental impacts at every point in the value chain, however previous solutions still presented significant complexities and costs. said Todd Lemons, CEO and co-founder of Veridium.  “Our digital environmental assets are designed to help companies and institutional investors purchase and use carbon credits to mitigate their environmental impacts today, and even hedge their potential carbon liabilities risks in the future. ”  Significantly, the initiative is not just a proof-of-concept or a pilot program. Nor will the tokens be confined to a private blockchain only available to select companies. Rather  — building on IBM ’s  previous partnerships  with Stellar  — the credits will be traded across the public Stellar network, enabling the program to have a global reach.  “By using a public, permissioned blockchain network, we can help Veridium create a new sustainable marketplace that is good for business and good for the world, ” said Bridget van Kralingen, senior vice president of IBM’s industry platforms and blockchain division.  “This is a great example of how industries are being reinvented by blockchain, in this case establishing a far more efficient and transparent approach to carbon accounting and offsetting that will empower individuals and companies to play a role in improving our environment,” she concluded.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	    Cathay Pacific Launches Blockchain Rewards Program for Flyers Twitter  Hong Kong flag carrier and airline giant Cathay Pacific joins a growing list of airline operators exploring applications of blockchain technology.  In launching its first application of blockchain technology, the Cathay Pacific Group will issue air miles to customers over a single distributed ledger that will enable customers, the airlines’ partners and the airline manage member rewards in real-time.  Cathay Pacific’s blockchain rollout will first power a new mobile application and platform, developed by technology partner Accenture, dubbed ‘Unlock More Miles’. The marketing campaign ties in with a dining promotion in Hong Kong wherein members of ‘Asia Miles’ – Cathay Pacific’s rewards program – see air miles credited to their accounts within a day of earning them.  The blockchain platform will automate data fulfillment procedures and enable a transparent transaction history between the airline and participating dining partners by sharing the data set, an  announcement  from the airline explained.  ‘The beauty of this initiative is that it helps improve business efficiency minimizing back-office administration,’ it said, adding:  ‘By harnessing blockchain technology, the Cathay Pacific Group and Asia Miles are providing Asia Miles partners a single data source when managing account activity. This allows Asia Miles, partners and members a near real-time ability to manage rewards.’  Cathay Pacific’s marked effort to implement blockchain technology comes in the heels of chief rival Singapore Airlines announcing its own blockchain-based  loyalty wallet application  earlier this year. Developed in partnership with technology partner Microsoft, the private blockchain proved successful during a proof-of-concept trial wherein members of the airline’s frequent-flyer program spent their air miles at participating retail merchants as a point-of-sale transaction.  Fellow southeast Asian airline Air Asia has announced that it will migrate its rewards program to a new cryptocurrency called  “ BigCoin . ” The firm is also mulling holding an ICO to fund the development of a new financial services division.  Elsewhere, German airline giant Lufthansa pointedly  announced  its investment in a Swiss blockchain startup – through an ICO – after revealing plans to launch a B2B blockchain marketplace powered on a public Ethereum blockchain.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   HTC Exodus to Be ‘World’s First Native Blockchain Phone’ Twitter  Smartphone manufacturer HTC is taking a major leap into the cryptocurrency ecosystem and wider blockchain industry.  The Taiwanese firm on Tuesday unveiled the “HTC Exodus,” which it describes as the “world’s first native blockchain phone.”  The Android-powered phone will be tailor-made to provide support for decentralized applications (DApps) like  CryptoKitties , and it will feature a secure hardware enclave to provide users with access to a universal cryptocurrency wallet that is native to the device. The phone will be compatible with multiple protocols and will also support interoperability.  The device will be developed under the leadership of Phil Chen, who helped create HTC’s virtual reality headset Vive. Chen, who now holds the title of “chief decentralized officer,” will head all of the firm’s cryptocurrency and blockchain-related initiatives.  “Through the Exodus, we are also excited to be supporting underlying protocols such as Bitcoin, Lightning Networks, Ethereum, Dfinity, and more,” Chen wrote in a blog post accompanying the announcement. “We would like to support the entire blockchain ecosystem, and in the next few months we’ll be announcing many more exciting partnerships together. Together, we want to craft th e best blockchain  & decentralized application experiences to end consumers.”  Product Drawings of the HTC Exodus  Chen further explained that he hopes the Exodus’ mobile hardware layer will give end consumer the ability to “truly own their data.”  He said:  “I want to see a world where the end consumers can truly own their data (browsing history, identity, assets, wallets, emails, messaging, etc) without the need for central authorities. There is a lot of work ahead of us, but I believe the mobile hardware layer can contribute significantly to our new decentralized world.”  HTC has not yet released a price tag for the Exodus, but the company did hint that it is considering accepting cryptocurrency payments once it becomes available for purchase.  Sirin Labs, a cryptocurrency startup that plans to release a blockchain-powered smartphone called the “ Finney ” in October, is charging $1,000 for its device.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Cash Hard Forks to Raise the BCH Block Size [Again] Twitter  Today Bitcoin Cash activated a hard fork that will increase the BCH block size from 8MB to 32MB and add new OP codes to the codebase.  Bigger Blocks  Initially announced November 2017, the upgrade began at 12:00:00 UTC when the hard fork was initialized.  As CCN  reported  back in April, the fork includes the addition of OP codes, which allow smart contract capabilities.  However, the whopping increase in block size has drawn the most attention. Blog updates about the Bitcoin Cash hard fork remain optimistic that the upgrade will reduce transaction fees, but critics allege that there are potential downsides to quadrupling the block size, as concerns over the security of large block sizes still loom.  Nevertheless, as CCN  reported , the block size debate could be over-blown and harks more to ideals about Bitcoin purity. Bitcoin core developers (who favor a more conservative approach) and Bitcoin Cash developers have a long history of  disagreements  over technical specs.  The May 15 Bitcoin Cash hard fork raises the block size to 32 MB  Amaury Séchet, lead developer for Bitcoin ABC, has been a strong advocate of larger block sizes also. A February 2017 blog  post  highlights his belief:  “People do not want bigger blocks for the sake of bigger blocks, but for the value they bring to users just like people do not want bigger car for the sake of bigger car but because they can transport more people or stuff in it. ”  Bitcoin ABC  recommends  all node operators should update to version 0.17.1. Bitcoin Unlimited and Bitcoin XT have also released updated clients that support the hard fork.  Additional OP Codes and Smart Contracts  In addition to increasing the data carrier limit for OP_Return to 220 bytes, the fork introduces new smart contract capabilities, often incorrectly believed to be exclusive to Ethereum. Smart contracts allow transactions to occur on a conditional basis, allowing developers to create dynamic payment agreements.  Satoshi Nakamoto removed smart contract abilities early in the development of the Bitcoin protocol. This Bitcoin Cash hard fork will add back the OP codes that make smart contracts possible.  The codes were removed from the Bitcoin protocol in June 2010 largely because they provided an attack surface that developers did not want to spend more time on, as nChain developer Steve Shadders describes in a technical  update  about the feature. Despite Bitcoin Cash developers ’ long-standing enthusiasm, the project is rolling out the OP code features gradually, since there are still security concerns that have not been fully addressed.  Going forward, security will be the wildcard that everyone watches closely as Bitcoin Cash hits a historical milestone with today ’s fork.  Images from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrencies Pushing US Currency to  ‘Non-Uniform ’ System: Fed ’s Bullard Twitter  James Bullard, who is at the helm of the St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank, is concerned that cryptocurrencies are complicating the markets.  As an official of the centralized government the cryptocurrency market is designed to avoid, Bullard may have stood out at Consensus 2018, which is a blockchain technology summit hosted by CoinDesk. But that didn ’t stop him from sharing his concerns, chief among which is multiple digital currencies trading separately and having a major impact on the exchange rate, which  he told CNBC  is a  “big deal. ”  The rise of cryptocurrencies, Bullard pointed out, is harkening back to the 1830s when money was privately created. Digital currencies have brought back  “non-uniform ” currencies in the United States, which could be problematic, he suggested. Non-uniform currencies don ’t have a good track record, and when they ’ve emerged historically they ’ve never lasted long.  Considering that there are some 1,8000 digital currencies trading in the cryptocurrency market, and new ones coming on the scene every day, consumers may decide to shun this model amid the inconsistent rates at which they trade. So far, of course, this hasn ’t happened.  “Cryptocurrencies may unwittingly be pushing in the wrong direction in trying to solve an important social problem, which is how best to facilitate market-based exchange, ” according to Bullard at the conference.  The fallout?  “The cryptocurrency wave may be driving the US uniform currency system toward something more like the international non-uniform currency system, ”  Bullard said .  The St.Louis Fed Reserve chief claimed cryptos are leading to a non-uniform currency system. Source: Shutterstock  He pointed to cryptocurrency pairs trading, saying that similar to say the JPY/USD,  “you don ’t know how they ’re going to trade against each other. ”  ‘Currency Competition ’  And while the economy is full of  “currency competition ” unfolding at the moment, Bullard ’s betting on the dollar because  “it ’s backed by the largest economy and a relatively stable policy in terms of low inflation and that ’s going to be tough to beat. But a lot of people here want to beat it, ” Bullard told CNBC.  Meanwhile, Bullard doesn ’t view bitcoin or any altcoins as a threat to the USD, at least not yet. The Bank of England ’s Mark Carney doesn ’t believe that cryptocurrencies pose a systemic risk to the global economy. The Fed ’s Bullard pointed to the lower trading volume in cryptos vs. the broader financial markets as the reason why he ’s not more worried about them.  Bullard wasn ’t entirely dismissive of digital currencies, saying they fuel cross-border transactions that wouldn ’t otherwise be possible, slashing costs in the process. This is a positive contribution.  Meanwhile, policymakers want to remain engaged in the market, even if there ’s no Fed Coin on the horizon.  Featured image from YouTube/ Bloomberg .  
INCREASE	   Can’t Unilaterally Rule on Bitcoin Legality, India’s Central Bank Tells Supreme Court Twitter  India’s central bank is pushing back against a court-approved petition seeking regulation – effectively legalization – of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin in the country.  The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the country’s central bank and financial regulator, has responded to a  public interest litigation  (PIL) filed in India’s Supreme Court in November 2017 that called on authorities to regulate the cryptocurrency sector, particularly trading and exchanges, domestically.  At the time, India’s Supreme Court – the highest court in the land –  admitted the PIL  and issued notices to the central bank, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (the country’s markets regulator) and the Finance, Law  & Justice, and Information Technology ministries to respond to the petition and set to task the process of regulating cryptocurrencies.  In response to the 43-page PIL [ PDF ], the central bank has now told the Supreme Court that the subject is a policy matter for India’s Parliament rather than a subject of debate among the courts.  The central bank filed a 15-page response of its own, the  Business Line  reports, stating it shouldn’t be tasked to take a decision on the legality of cryptocurrencies since there are government committees already tasked to study the implications of cryptocurrencies and propose a framework for their usage in the country.  More than a year after the formation of the  inter-disciplinary committee , authorities are still deliberating over a regulatory course for the sector in the country.  Explaining its reasons to deflect responsibility, India’s central bank told the Supreme court:  In the instant case, the issue of legalising virtual currencies (VCs) like bitcoins or otherwise will have implications on the roles and responsibilities of other regulatory/ enforcement agencies. Therefore, the RBI cannot unilaterally decide for the government on the legality of bitcoins  In its response, the RBI also confirmed that the committee is due to submit a report on cryptocurrencies come June 30 and insisted that the working group will study the regulatory approach taken by other countries before proposing a regulatory framework in India.  Meanwhile, despite mainstream reports to the contrary this year, bitcoin  isn’t banned  in India despite recent curbs led by the central bank which  effectively barred  Indian citizens from purchasing cryptocurrency through their bank accounts.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Traders Join Supreme Court Challenge to India’s Banking Blockade Twitter  More bitcoin traders are challenging India’s directive for banks to stop financial services to cryptocurrency exchanges in the populous Asian country, with a court hearing of the challenge set for Thursday this week amid complaints that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is curtailing “essential” trade services.  On Monday, the  Economic Times  in India reported that petitioners under the latest effort to have the bank reverse its directive or stay it are of the opinion that they should continue to utilise banking services, as cryptocurrencies are not illegal in the country.  They argued:  “Banking is an essential service. How can one deny access to an essential service when I am not doing anything illegal? You have not declared Virtual Currencies illegal in the country. ”  In April this year, the Indian central bank said finance institutions under its regulation and oversight were no longer allowed to deal in or provide services to traders or investors dealing in virtual currencies. The latest court challenge will be back in court on May 17.  The 11 representatives of various virtual currency-aligned businesses challenging the RBI in the latest writ are disputing the constitutional validity of the decision by the Indian financial services sector regulator to prevent banks from offering services to companies that facilitate cryptocurrency trading.  Source: Shutterstock  Banks in India have until July 5 to be compliant with the central bank’s directive, hence the rush by cryptocurrency exchanges and traders to challenge the bank’s decision. On May 24, the Delhi High Court will further hear from two exchanges, Kali Digital Eco-systems and MoneyTrade Coin, which are both challenging the central bank’s move.  Bitcoin traders and other cryptocurrency exchange companies have in the past few months dragged the Indian Apex Bank to court for its decision. Earlier this month, Flintstone Technologies Private Limited which operates the MoneyTrade Coin exchange  challenged India’s bitcoin banking ban , following up on the  first challenge  by digital asset trading platform CoinRecoil in the High Court of Delhi.  CCN reported last week that  four other Indian cryptocurrency exchanges  had jointly filed a Writ Petition (Civil) no. 373 of 2018 under Article 32 of the Constitution challenging the constitutional validity of the Central Bank’s Circular. These include Coindelta Exchange, Koinex Exchange, Throughbit Exchange and CoinDCX.  Although the ban on Indian banks has had wide effects on cryptocurrency trading in India, virtual currency exchanges and traders in the country have  pivoted to crypto-to-crypto trading  as they scramble for ways out of glitches occasioned by the RBI directive.  “Even if there was no RBI circular, the crypto to crypto product would have happened. However, because of the circular and the fact that fiats may no longer be in the picture, it definitely did hurry up and encourage the solution sooner,” said Ajeet Khurana, the CEO of Zebpay.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Founders of $32 Million Mayweather-Backed ICO Indicted for Securities Fraud Twitter  The founders of a high-grossing initial coin offering (ICO) have been indicted for defrauding investors in the course of operating their cryptocurrency company, Centra Tech.  On Monday, the US Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York announced that it had filed charges against Sohrab Sharma, Raymond Trapani, and Robert Farkas, who co-founded and operated  Centra Tech .  Authorities allege that in addition to holding an unregistered securities offering the Centra Tech operators “engaged in fraudulent conduct and made material misstatements and omissions designed to deceive investors,” including lying about having partnerships with large financial institutions such as Visa and Mastercard.  US Attorney Robert Khuzami said that the defendants had further created a fictitious CEO in an attempt to give the scheme more credibility:  “As alleged, the defendants conspired to capitalize on investor interest in the burgeoning cryptocurrency market. They allegedly made false claims about their product and about relationships they had with credible financial institutions, even creating a fictitious Centra Tech CEO. Whether traditional or cutting-edge, investment vehicles can’t legally be peddled with falsehoods  and lies.”  The ICO, which was  promoted  by legendary boxer Floyd Mayweather, raised $32 million at the time of the offering, but upon arresting the three suspects the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) seized 91,000 ether, which are now worth approximately $67 million.  Each of the three Centra Tech Founders has been charged in a four-count indictment for conspiracy to commit securities fraud, conspiracy to commit wire fraud, securities fraud, and wire fraud. The first count carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison, while the latter three each carries a maximum prison sentence of 20 years. They will also likely face financial penalti es. The case has been assigned to US District Judge Lorna G. Schofield.  The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has separately filed civil charges against Sharma, Trapani, and Farkas for their roles in the scheme.  Featured Image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bullish Call: BitMEX Chief Predicts Bitcoin Price to Hit $50,000 in 2018 Twitter  There are numerous bitcoin price predictions floating out there, but when the head of a major bitcoin derivatives exchange shares his forecast, the price prediction has legs.  Arthur Hayes, the co-founder and CEO of Seychelles-based BitMEX, the bitcoin mercantile exchange, has a bullish prediction for the bitcoin price, which he believes will skyrocket to $50,000 by year-end 2018, he  told CNBC .  While the bitcoin price has bounced back and is inching closer to the $8,800 level, it ’s still a far cry from Hayes ’ price prediction. Though as Fundstrat market strategists have pointed out, much of the gains in the bitcoin price tend to unfold over just a handful of days each year.   Even at the start of the new year, when the bitcoin price was trading in the doldrums, Hayes wasn ’t phased, though he pointed out  “it ’s [his] job to make predictions ” whether or not they come true.  Hayes, a Citigroup alum, explained that he is a volatility trader, and he makes his money on the volatility in the bitcoin price, which there has been no shortage of year-to-date.  “If it goes up, if it goes down, if you have Bill Gates calling it a fraud  … Short it, I don ’t care. If you think it ’s going to be $1 million in a few months, great, buy it. I still don ’t care. We just match trades, ” Hayes said.  Asia-focused BitMEX is geared toward retail investors but instead of spot trading, it has some of the advanced features that you might expect to see on an institutional trading platform, including derivatives, margin trading and up to 100x leverage (which is more of a  “headline number ” and not something most traders take advantage of). The exchange supports short trading  in perpetual contracts .  Market Dynamics  Hayes also addressed the cultural differences that affect cryptocurrency market dynamics in the Western world and Asia, the latter of which is where some suggest two-thirds of the market originates from.  “I think Asia dominates crypto because they ’re very used to trading digital assets, ” said Hayes, pointing to South Korea, where locals are accustomed to trading virtual goods in video games and where the culture is easily transferred to cryptocurrency trading.  And it ’s individuals, not institutions, that are driving most of the volume.  “There ’s really not too much institutional presence right now in crypto. It is a retail phenomenon, ” Hayes told CNBC.  But many are expecting that institutional investors that have been sidelined are on the brink of a shift where they too will enter the space, especially with traditional Wall Street banks like Goldman Sachs launching a trading desk and the NYSE also jumping in. When that happens, Hayes said BitMEX is prepared to support them, pointing to the exchange ’s API.  Hayes got the Twitter-sphere talking when he claimed in a tweet to show up at Consensus 2018, which is unfolding in midtown Manhattan this week, in one of those famous crypto Lamborghinis  –   Did you see my ride today at  #Consensus2018  ?  pic.twitter.com/qGznsNMgWo  — Arthur Hayes (@CryptoHayes)  May 14, 2018   If Hayes is correct and the bitcoin price attains $50,000 as he predicts, there could be a lot more Lambos on the road in the not-too-distant future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Coinbase Rolls Out Sophisticated Suite for Large Institutional Investors Twitter  Coinbase has announced the launch of several new products today aimed at on-boarding institutional investors into cryptocurrency markets.  The rapid influx of world ’s large financial participants and their capital spurred Coinbase to develop the products. As CCN  reported , the announcement follows company ’s furious activity to maintain its position as the home for traditional financial institutions.  Adam White, General Manager at Coinbase,  writes :  At Coinbase, we welcome these developments as they help accelerate the world’s adoption of cryptocurrency by bringing new capital, greater awareness, and additional infrastructure to the space. This movement requires institutional grade products and services, something Coinbase has been developing with leading institutions and which we are proud to formally launch today.  In keeping with Coinbase ’s mission, White highlights its efforts to stay in line with SEC regulations for cryptocurrency trading, which has made the exchange a favorite among institutions cautious to enter the space.  Its new product, Coinbase Custody, partners Coinbase with an SEC-regulated broker-dealer for third-party auditing and financial reporting validation. The custodial  product  offering maintains a high standard of reporting validation that institutional firms require in broker-dealer relationships.  A second offering announced is Coinbase Markets, an electronic marketplace based out of Coinbase ’s engineering office in Chicago.  ‘Coinbase Markets provides a centralized pool of liquidity for all Coinbase products, ’ White added.  ‘Over the course of the year, Coinbase Markets will introduce new features like low latency performance, on-premise datacenter colocation services, institutional connectivity and access, and settlement and clearing services. These additions will allow for a more efficient price discovery process to occur, creating tighter markets, deeper liquidity, and increased certainty of ex ecution. ’  White believes that the new opening of the office in Chicago will position the company to tap into a larger talent pool of engineers who have  “deep exchange infrastructure experience. ” Presumably, this is because the engineers around the area are already experienced in traditional exchange-centered products as Chicago is a hub for finance. As previously  reported , the tight blockchain talent pool has led exchanges to lure engineers away from banking firms.  The third product is  Coinbase Prime , a software service that equips institutions with tools for trading cryptocurrency.  White describes:  This product will fill a missing piece of critical infrastructure needed for institutions. Over the course of the year we intend to offer lending and margin financing products to qualified clients, high touch and low touch execution services like over-the-counter (OTC) trading and algorithmic orders, and new market data and research products.  This product launch builds on Coinbase ’s previous efforts for building traditional investment types like margin trading into cryptocurrency.  Finally, Coinbase has created a new Institutional Coverage Group that focuses exclusively on supporting institutional clients (as opposed to retail clients). The support includes  “sales, sales trading, research, market operations, and client services support, ” White writes. The group will be based out of Coinbase ’s New York office and touts an employee pool with impressive experience in the New York Stock Exchange, Morgan Stanley, plus regulatory bodies like the SEC and CFTC.  As recently as May 12, CCN  reported  a growing brain drain of traders and experts leaving finance firms to join cryptocurrency exchanges and startups, which Coinbase is capitalizing on.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Taiwan Bank Deploys Ethereum-Based Blockchain Payments System Twitter  The Taipei Fubon Commercial Bank, a private commercial Taiwanese bank, has reportedly launched a blockchain-powered payments system for retail usage, a first in the country.  According to a local report by the  Taipei Times , the private-sector bank announced the deployment of the payment system for local restaurants and merchants on Sunday after commencing development of the platform in March 2017. Specifically, the bank is rolling out the blockchain payments system in merchant establishments and eateries near theNational Chengchi University, a national research university based in the country’s  capital.  The bank first inked a partnership with the university in March 2017, announcing a joint-project dubbed the ‘Key Technology and Engineering R &D for Blockchain Payment Network’. During trials at the university’s own campus, the blockchain payment platform helped transaction volumes among participating merchants selling lunch-time meals to students grow four-fold.  According to a  local report , the payments platform runs on the Ethereum blockchain by utilizing the Istanbul Byzantine Fault Tolerance algorithm, enabling it to scale and drastically reduce transaction times and costs.  The bank contends that transaction settlement times take less than a second on the network, underlining the benefits of adopting a blockchain-powered system. Further, merchants will also be able to verify transaction records in real-time with each transaction encrypted and recorded in an immutable distributed ledger, increasing overall efficiency.  The entire project took six months before the bank began integrating the system in October 2017 before going live as a payments platform around the university in recent weeks.  Taipei is also adopting a  ‘smart-city ’ initiative with blockchain technology.  While the deployment of the payments platform is relatively limited in its current scope to businesses near the university, the development comes at a time when Taiwan’s new central bank governor stressed the authority would keep “ an open mind ” to new technologies including researching blockchain technology for the country’s payments infrastructure.  “The Bank will also try to explore the feasibility of enhancing the security and efficiency of payments systems using decentralized blockchain technology,” incoming governor Yang Chin-long said earlier this year while being sworn in.  Taipei city authorities have already announced their intention to use blockchain technology in order to turn the city’s capital into a “ smart city ” with a number of applications in areas including healthcare, electric vehicle charging using feeless micropayments, monitoring air quality for pollution levels and more.  Taipei city images from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Op-Ed: Bitcoin Cash Hard Fork Addresses Bottlenecks around BlockSize Limits and Enables Smart-Contract Scripting Twitter  This opinion piece on the May 15 Bitcoin Cash hard fork was written by Alejandro de la Torre, VP of Business Operations at BTC.com, the leading digital platform for  cryptocurrency users, miners and developers. Follow him on Twitter @bitentrepreneur.  It’s another hard fork day! Today, Bitcoin Cash is creating a new blockchain with 32 MB block size limits and added smart-contract functionality. This is the third hard fork that the Bitcoin Cash community has undergone in under a year, and declares their undeterred commitment to change whatever necessary to grow their blockchain’s transaction abilities. Bitcoin Cash strives to  provide an inexpensive and fast medium of exchange for everyday payments.  A ‘hard’ fork refers to software changes that require the creation of a new blockchain from a previous one, whereas ‘soft’ forks can impute software updates without the creation of a new blockchain. A hard fork therefore is only implemented when there needs to be changes made at the most fundamental level of the blockchain architecture: the consensus protocol layer.  Bitcoin Cash was born out of a hard fork with Bitcoin’s blockchain last summer. After much debate amongst various parties of the Bitcoin ecosystem over how to scale the Bitcoin network, a group of developers organized under the name ABC Bitcoin, wrote the code for a hard fork to create a new blockchain with 8MB block limits. On August 1st, this new code was implemented to copy  the entire Bitcoin block history onto a new network to begin mining its own transactions separately, as a distinct currency and under different mining parameters. Bitcoin Cash promises to be a peer to peer cash system. This system should be popular in areas where the traditional financial system has been unable to reach the unbanked.  In the case of last summer’s hard fork, not only was a new blockchain created, but also a new coin was introduced to the market to represent value exchanged on this new transaction ledger. However, not all hard forks create new coins. For example, Bitcoin Cash hard forked again last November to fix their algorithm adjusting mining difficulty because the network was producing wi ldly fluctuating hash rates.  To patch the system, various developer teams running different clients on the Bitcoin Cash blockchain agreed to implement a hard fork where they all copied the old ledger onto a new chain, with the software updated, and abandoned the old chain. Although technically November was also a ‘hard’ fork, it was obviously very different than the previous split in community generating n ot only a new blockchain, but also a new network, and a new coin.  Another Bitcoin Cash hard fork took place on May 15 in an effort to quadruple the BCH block size and lay the groundwork for adding smart contracts.  However, it shouldn’t be understated that blockchain developers, including Bitcoin Cash, treat hard forking with caution, it’s a delicate process with potentially serious financial consequences. Though while many in the community treat hard forking with outright fear, this is a key part of how Bitcoin Cash operates, so the Bitcoin Cash community is not afraid of hard forks.  This time around is more similar to the November hard fork, but slightly different. Today’s fork neither creates a new coin, nor does it correct an existing problem, but rather strictly innovates in two ways. The first major change is the tripling of the block size limit from 8 to 32 MB that is a forward-looking adjustment to accommodate greater transaction throughput per block. I feel better that this block size growth is occurring now, while the usage of Bitcoin Cash still has a ways to grow, rather than later when the network is at full throttle.  This the larger block size gives Bitcoin Cash some room to scale, something that other blockchains have been looking to tackle in other ways, e.g. Lightning Network and Proof of Stake. This makes Bitcoin Cash somewhat unique because it attempts to solve the scaling problem at the consensus protocol layer while maintaining the Proof of Work model.  However, larger blocks won’t in effect grow the network in terms of usage. It does however provide the ability for unprecedented growth. Growth in usage depends not on the block size but more on the community and businesses supporting Bitcoin Cash. Products, services and merchant adoption are key. After the block-size increase, the next advancement that Bitcoin Cash is putting forward is to add new and re-enable old, previously inactivated, machine-scripting operation codes, or more simply ‘op-codes’, that give developers tools to create smart contracts.  These machine codes, called “Satoshi Op-codes” by the Bitcoin Cash community, allow developers to create different types of metadata implementations. By having the ability to call these functions, developers can create “colored coins” or representative tokens. These are tokens that can be tagged in a specific way to correspond to bonds, stocks, precious metals, commodities, and any physical or virtual object.  It is hard to say what might come out from this new functionality, but if we base our assumptions on what Ethereum has been able to accomplish from its second layer implementations, then I believe it will give Bitcoin Cash a lot of space for creative and productive ideas to blossom. To that end, we will shall have to see what the developers of the Bitcoin Cash community do with these new functionalities, and if the market decides to settle in this newfound block size that has yet be driven to scale.  Disclaimer: The views expressed in the article are solely that of the author and do not represent those of, nor should they be attributed to CCN.  Images from Shutterstock  
INCREASE	   Japanese Regulator Sees Sharp Spike in Cryptocurrency Queries in Q1 2018 Twitter  Japanese consumers are filing over three times the number of cryptocurrency enquiries  in the first three months of 2018 compared to the previous quarter, figures from the country’s financial regulator reveal.  According to numbers  disclosed  by the Financial Services Agency’s (FSA) Counseling Office for Financial Services Users on Friday, the authority fielded a total of 3,559 enquiries about cryptocurrencies during Q1 2018. That figure is up over 3 times from that of the final quarter of 2017 with a total of 1,141 enquiries at the time, underlining the frenetic growth in interest in cryptocurrencies.  36 percent of the total inquiries related to general questions whereas 29 percent, a little over 1,000 queries related to their administration (regulation). A further 23 percent of those questions pertained to specific crypto-related transactions and individual contracts.  The numbers represent a similar growth trend in consumers’ interest in cryptocurrencies, as revealed during a recent cryptocurrency exchange study group meeting hosted by the FSA in late April this year.  Citing  data  [PDF] gathered and released by Japan’s Consumer Affairs Agency (CAA), the agency saw a total of 2,679 broad inquiries filed in 2017 by general consumers broadly on cryptocurrencies and initial coin offerings (ICOs), up from 847 in 2016, 440 in 2015 and a relatively mere 186 in 2014.  According to the FSA’s own figures, taken from a survey of 17 domestic cryptocurrency exchanges, the country has some  3.5 million active cryptocurrency traders  as of figures released in early April. A majority of those traders are aged between 20 and 40 years, with a third of the group in their 30s. Bitcoin trading leads the way, reaching $97 billion in 2017, a striking increase from a trivial $22 million in 2014. Ethereum, Ripple, Bitcoin Cash and Litecoin all figure among the most traded cryptocurrencies in Japan after Bitcoin.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Zcash Spikes 45% and Ethereum Price Gains 4% in $21 Billion Crypto Market Rebound Twitter  Over the past 24 hours, the valuation of the cryptocurrency market has increased from $387 billion to $408 billion, by more than $21 billion. Major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ethereum have risen in the 3 to 6 percent range while smaller assets such as Zcash (ZEC), Aelf (ELF), Kyber Network (KNC), and Enigma rose in the 10 to 50 percent range.   Zcash: Best Performer  On May 14, privacy-focused cryptocurrency Zcash experienced a 55 percent increase in price after being listed on Gemini, one of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges in the US led by the Winklevoss twins. Subsequent to the official announcement of Gemini, the price of Zcash increased from 0.0293 to 0.0456 BTC, by nearly two-fold.  Gemini CEO Cameron Winklevoss  told Bloomberg in an interview  said that privacy-focused cryptocurrencies like Zcash have struggled to gain large market valuations in the past due to concerns from investors towards potential crackdown by authorities, as seen in the Japanese cryptocurrency market as of recent.  “Part of the reason a coin like Zcash has a smaller market cap is because people are not sure if regulators will ever get comfortable with this type of technology. Today demonstrates that through education and collaboration and with the right controls in place, regulators can get comfortable with privacy technology,” said Winklevoss.  Over the past month, the Japanese government and the Financial Services Agency (FSA) have continued to restrict cryptocurrency exchanges from dealing with anonymous cryptocurrencies like Zcash and Monero to ensure trading platforms are not used by criminals to launder money.   The listing of Zcash by an exchange like Gemini which is known to be a leading trading platform in terms of compliance and security, is considered as a major milestone for privacy-focused cryptocurrencies and the community in general.  After experiencing an initial 20 percent decline in value, Zcash rebounded to the 0.04 BTC mark and continued to increase to around 0.043. Since earlier today, Zcash has fallen back to the 0.041 mark but as the demand for Zcash and privacy-cryptocurrencies rise on Gemini and in the US market, the price of Zcash is expected to rise even further in the short-term.   While the price of ZCash has already increased by more than 40 percent, the Relative Strength Index (RSI) of Zcash is still in the neutral zone at 66 and both exponential and simple moving averages are demonstrating a positive short-term trend for Zcash.  Where Does Bitcoin Go?  Last week, CCN reported that volume will be a key factor that could lead the market to rebound back to the $450 billion region. Already, the daily trading volume of the cryptocurrency market has increased from $17 billion to $22 billion over the past few days, by nearly $5 billion.  The daily trading volume of bitcoin has also slightly increased to $7 billion and hence, in the short-term, it is likely that the bitcoin price enters the $9,000 region again.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bing Hops On Anti-Bitcoin Bandwagon, Bans Cryptocurrency Ads Twitter  Search engine Bing has joined social media giants Google, Twitter, and Facebook in banning cryptocurrency advertising, citing the need to protect users from scams.  Bing made the  announcement  on its website May 14, saying it ’s banning crypto ads because the virtual currency market is unregulated and therefore could enable the exploitation of unwitting consumers by con artists.  “Because cryptocurrency and related products are not regulated, we have found them to present a possible elevated risk to our users with the potential for bad actors to participate in predatory behaviors, or otherwise scam consumers, ” Bing said.  “To help protect our users from this risk, we have made the decision to disallow advertising for cryptocurrency, cryptocurrency related products, and unregulated binary options. ”  Bing Joins Twitter, Facebook and Google  The new policy takes effect in June 2018, with enforcement slated for late-June to early-July. Bing now joins a growing chorus of social media platforms that have banned crypto advertising.  Twitter announced  its ban in March 2018, as CCN has reported. Two weeks before that, search-engine monopoly  Google blocked  crypto and ICO ads, saying  “we ’ve seen enough consumer harm or potential for consumer harm that it ’s an area that we want to approach with extreme caution. ”  The Google decision followed a similar move  by Facebook  in January 2018. Bitcoin evangelists have responded by saying they plan to file a class-action lawsuit this summer.  Industry associations in South Korea, Russia, and China are  planning to sue  Google, Twitter, and Facebook, alleging there’s a “cartel collusion” among the three corporate juggernauts to manipulate the crypto market. They claim the ban has artificially deflated the prices of bitcoin and other virtual currencies.  Jack Dorsey and Mark Zuckerberg Embrace Crypto  Despite these anti-crypto corporate moves, Twitter billionaire Jack Dorsey and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg are bitcoin bulls based on their personal actions and statements, which are pro-crypto.  Dorsey predicts that bitcoin and cryptocurrencies will  ultimately displace  all other currencies, probably within the next 10 years.  “The world ultimately will have a single currency, the Internet will have a single currency,” Dorsey said in March 2018. “I personally believe that it will be bitcoin.”  Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey. (YouTube screenshots)  Similarly, Facebook has been in serious discussions to launch its own cryptocurrency as it continues to  implement blockchain  initiatives, as CCN previously reported.  “Facebook is specifically interested in creating its own digital token, which would allow its more than two billion users to facilitate transactions without government-backed currency, ”  according to  a Cheddar report.  Zuckerberg also said that one of his top goals for 2018 is to study cryptocurrencies as  part of a personal pledge .  “There are important counter-trends to this –like encryption and cryptocurrency — that take power from centralized systems and put it back into people’s hands, ” Zuckerberg said.  “I’m interested to go deeper and study the positive and negative aspects of these technologies, and how best to use them in our services.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   FedEx is Testing Blockchain Tech for Critical Cargo Shipments Twitter  FedEx is sure that blockchain technology will revolutionize the logistics industry, and they don ’t want to be left behind.  The logistics giant is actively testing ways to use blockchain to track high-cost, mission-critical cargo. In a growing trend of companies researching blockchain tech for business uses, FedEx joins the joins others like  Samsung  in supply chain applications.  According to a Bloomberg  interview  with the CEO,  “We’re quite confident that it has big, big implications in supply chain, transportation and logistics,” Chief Executive Officer Fred Smith said at a blockchain conference in New York on Monday. “It’s the next frontier that’s going to completely change worldwide supply chains.”  The main draw is the concept of the permanent, immutable ledger. When shipments stretch across the world in ever-globalizing economies, the ledger can provide important transparency with a single record that all parties agree on. This would ease the headaches with disputes that range from postage to payments and receipt of packages. Unique cases for blockchain ledgers are cropp ing up with increasing adoption, like CCN ’s  report  on its application for new GDPR regulations.  The shipping industry is also testing a number of blockchain applications.  Blockchain technology testing is part of FedEx Corp ’s efforts for improving customer service and staying one step ahead of the disruptive competition, according to Smith. The company has teamed up with the Blockchain in Transport Alliance.  The Alliance ’s  mission  states,   BiTA was formed by experienced tech and transportation executives to create a forum for the development of blockchain standards and education for the freight industry.  Our goal is to bring together leading companies in the freight technology industries that have a vested interest in the development of blockchain technology.  Thousands of companies have applied for membership.  FedEx ’s testing also includes ironing out standards in the industry with BiTA. BiTA believes that the blockchain is good for business in that it can reduce costs, in addition to speeding up and automating delivery processes. Its membership  list  currently includes shipping juggernauts, including BNSF Railway, Koch Logistics, and Penske.  With disruptive tech shaking up main-stay industries, Smith sees that innovation is the key to maintaining success. Without trying out and implementing cutting-edge tech, companies will “probably, at some point, extinction,” the CEO said.   It is  estimated  that blockchain applications will represent 10% of global GDP, so it makes sense for logistics companies to tap into the tech early. Alongside industry experts and BiTA, the blockchain could help propel the shipping industry into a new era.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Exclusive: An Interview with Sirin Labs CMO on the Blockchain Smartphone  ‘Finney ’ Twitter  CCN, in association with Brazilian industry outlet  Criptomoedas Fácil , interviewed Nimrod May, CMO of Sirin Labs, to discuss the startup ’s development of the world ’s first smartphone to integrate blockchain technology.  Codenamed  ‘Finney ’, the $1,000 smartphone will be  manufactured by global giant Foxconn  and will use Android as the operating system.  CCN:   Following your partnership with Foxconn, how do you see the world ’s largest electronics manufacturing company help drive innovation with blockchain in the smartphone era?  N The Go Crypto revolution is growing. By choosing Foxconn to build the FINNEY, we’re demonstrating the public’s desire to have a mass-market smartphone that is able to safely and securely operate within blockchain and cryptocurrencies.  The combination of the top-tier manufacturing of Foxconn, and the innovative, agility of SIRIN LABS, who specialize in security, creates an incredibly synergistic relationship which will enable the FINNEY to flourish in a mainstream marketplace.    Q:  One of the main characteristics of Finney, with plenty of hype, is to be the first cell phone in the world to integrate blockchain technology. What is the big benefit of using this technology?  Nimrod May:  Currently, there are very few (if any) uses for cryptocurrency or blockchain within a mobile environment. There are 2 major factors preventing bringing cryptocurrency to a mobile environment, and by extension, preventing mass-adoption of the technology:   Ease of use. Cryptocurrency is currently incredibly complicated to understand. The learning curve is incredibly steep and most people have very little interest in learning it. Security. Phones are hacked all the time and people are apprehensive to use and utilize cryptocurrencies on such devices.  The SIRIN OS will create a simple, secure, and streamlined user experience for both cryptocurrency and blockchain so that anyone can pick up a device and function within the world of crypto without needing to learn any additional information. Additionally, the FINNEY will contain a cold-storage wallet which is separated on both hardware and software levels from the rest of the  phone. It will also have significant security built into it, such as a Machine Learning Intrusion Prevention System.  Finally, our proprietary Token Conversion Service (TCS), will be able to securely and automatically exchange between tokens and coins in the background of the phone in order to complete mobile purchases, without the need to visit an exchange to purchase tokens or coins you don’t currently own. Simply put, the TCS will enable users to use the currencies they have to complete tra nsactions that require currencies they don’t.  These improvements have the ability to bring the technology to the masses and finally bring mass-adoption of blockchain and cryptocurrency.  Q:  The Finney operating system will be Android, which opens up Google ’s entire app ecosystem. Will Finney support all Android apps or will app developers have to make adaptations for your phone?  Nimrod May:  The SIRIN OS will contain 2 pre-installed app stores. There will be the regular Google Play store and the SIRIN LABS Decentralized App store. The Google Play store will give users the ability to download all of the apps that they are currently using on their device, without the need for the developers to make any changes. Additionally, we will be releasing an SDK so that devel opers will be able to release apps within the DApp store that will accept cryptocurrency as payment.  Q : With the recent scandal involving the Facebook, a debate has resurfaced  on data protection and how data is obtained/stored. How will a blockchain cell phone address this issue?  Nimrod May:  SIRIN LABS will be overseeing the security for the phone and the wallet in order to prevent, in real-time, malicious intrusions. However, any legitimate application’s access to your data is derived through the Android ecosystem. Ultimately, users need to be responsible for their own personal information. Apps can only have as much access as the user provides to them. When an a pp is downloaded, it requests permissions, and it’s up to the user to grant or deny those permissions. If your flashlight is requesting access to your contacts, maybe that’s not the best app to install.   Q : At the beginning of the project, Sirin announced that it would use ITAA ’s Tangle  in his project. This was reworked with a blockchain implementation announced later.  Will the technologies work together or there will be a substitution entirely to blockchain?  NM: No final decisions have been made yet. We are currently working with the dev teams for IOTA, Cardano and a number of other blockchain protocol platforms in order to evaluate which would most benefit our users.  Q : Recently Lighting Labs has launched Lightning Network, a layering solution  2 that promises to solve the problems of the scale of Bitcoin and to allow Atomic Swaps, among other things. Since Finney, by design, has an integrated cold wallet  is it possible to integrate LN in the future?  NM: Our development team is already exploring the Lightning Network for both the SIRIN OS and FINNEY.  Q :  How will P2P transactions work in Finney? For example, I ’m out of battery on my cell phone, how, through Token, can I buy power and charge the battery?  Nimrod May:  The battery sharing was simply a “use case” for the secure P2P protocol. What our team has built within the SIRIN OS is a way to safely and securely monetize your phone’s resources through the blockchain. When activated, you will be able to trade anything from battery power through a direct connection, to processing power through the cloud, to WiFi through a local network, wit hout fear of putting your phone’s data or security at risk, while being paid in SRN tokens through the blockchain.  Q :  One of the great issues being debated by governments around the world is the regulation of the crypto-coins market. How do you think Finney can be benefited or even harmed by regulation, particularly with efforts in Europe?  Nimrod May:  As stated on their website: “  The objectives of the FATF are to set standards and promote effective implementation of legal, regulatory and operational measures for combating money laundering, terrorist financing and other related threats to the integrity of the international financial system.” To this extent, we don’t see how this initiative would affect us in any way. We are a growing technology company,  focusing on producing mainstream products, and who operate in complete transparency. If there are individuals who are using cryptocurrency for money laundering and terrorism, rooting those individuals out can only help cryptocurrency in general by bringing more validity to those who operate in cryptocurrency legitimately.   Q :  Much has been speculated, including among governments, that blockchain technology can help reduce social inequalities and empower people and people living today the margin of society, including promoting a revolution among the unbanked population. What do you make of blockchain ’s potential for inclusion?  Nimrod May:   We believe that the FINNEY and SIRIN OS have the ability to aid the unbanked population tremendously. This blockchain revolution is the first time in the modern age where society will be able to safely and securely maintain their own savings without the need for a bank. Further, our proprietary secure P2P protocol has the ability to not only allow individuals within these commu nities to sell their products without incurring costs from distributors or retailers but will also provide a brand new revenue stream where these individuals can monetize their device’s resources.  Featured image from Shutterstock.     
INCREASE	   UK Financial Guru Sues Facebook over Fraud Crypto Ads Twitter  UK television personality, Martin Lewis is suing Facebook for defamation, stating the social media giant has failed to stop fake adverts that use his face and name. Some of these fake ads have been pushing cryptocurrency scams.  The man who founded the UK’s biggest consumer website,  MoneySavingExpert.com  and has his own show on British national television, ITV’s  The Martin Lewis Money Show,  is pursuing Facebook in a personal lawsuit, issuing high court proceedings.  He claims that in the last year alone, Facebook has published over 50 fake adverts using his face and name, with some ads linking to websites that look like reputable news publishers such as the BBC.   The scams include get-rich-schemes such as ‘Bitcoin code’ or ‘Cloud Trader’. These are operating as fronts for binary trading firms based outside the EU. In January this year,  Facebook fired back against misleading and deceptive ad practices  from ICOs, cryptocurrencies and binary options by banning the adverts.  Martin Lewis said: “Enough is enough. I’ve been fighting for over a year to stop Facebook letting scammers use my name and face to rip off vulnerable people – yet it continues. I feel sick each time I hear of another victim being conned because of trust they wrongly thought they were placing in me. One lady had over £100,000 taken from her.”  Speaking to the BBC Today Programme, Lewis said the adverts were “likely to have been seen by millions of people in the UK”. In the interview, he said: “I get about five messages a day from people saying, ‘I’ve just seen your Bitcoin ad and wanted to check it.’ If that is the number who get through to me, how many more must be just taken in?”  In the wake of fake news and the Cambridge Analytica scandal, Martin Lewis is calling on Facebook to take responsibility for the paid ads it publishes. He said that he does not do adverts, which should make it easy for a “leader in facial recognition” to stop the fake ads, but Facebook’s system leaves the onus on individuals to report fake adverts. And even when a fake ad is reported it can be “left up for days or weeks. And finally, when they are taken down the scammers just launch a new, nearly identical campaign very soon afterwards and the whole rigmarole starts again.”  Lewis’s hope is that after repeated attempts to get Facebook to listen and discuss the issue with him, he might be able to have his say, and hear from them in court. He says any money won will be donated to anti-scam charities.  Last month, Twitter came under  attack for scam cryptocurrency accounts  and Twitter’s CEO, Jack Dorsey came forward with a commitment to cracking down this misuse of the social media platform.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Analyst Predicts Ethereum Price to Hit a Record $2,500 in 2018 Twitter  Ethereum  could rise fourfold to $2,500 and have a record-setting year this year, a financial consulting firm has predicted.  “The price of Ethereum is predicted to increase significantly this year, and could hit $2,500 by the end of 2018 with a further increase by 2019 and 2020,” Nigel Green, founder and CEO of deVere Group, stated in an email to  MarketWatch .  Three Factors At Work  Green attributed the general upswing to three drivers. The first being that more platforms are using Ethereum for trading. Secondly, Ethereum contracts are expanding. Thirdly, the decentralization of cloud computing bodes well for Ethereum.  Green further observed that regulation in the cryptocurrency sector is inevitable, which points to greater investor protection and long-term market confidence. Ethereum has emerged as the digital currency of choice for new token issuers due to its efficiency and flexibility. The average transaction processing time on Ethereum is about 14 seconds, compared to bitcoin, which can  be as long as 10 minutes.  Ethereum ’s market value was $67.4 billion at the time of this report.  Ethereum led a market retreat with a 9% decline on Wednesday , and altogether nine of the 10 largest coins and tokens lost value against the dollar, while four posted double-digit declines.  The major price action began Wednesday morning at approximately 2:30 UTC when the cryptocurrency market cap was valued at $434 billion. Over the next two-and-a-half hours, the market shed $30 billion, and — despite a brief recovery — continued to decline throughout the morning.  It was not clear what caused the bulls to run out of steam, though it could have been a simple matter of traders who bought at the bear market’s bottom taking profits following the week’s rapid recovery, which had seen the cryptocurrency market cap swell by more than $100 billion. Both single-day and one-hour price movements moved into negative territory across the board Wednes day, though the retreat disproportionately affected altcoins.  Bitcoin  declined just 1% for the day, beating the index by more than 8% and raising its market share back above 39%.  The Ethereum price had declined by more than 9% just hours after piercing $700 for the first time in more than a month.  Bitcoin, at -1.96%, traded back above $9,000 Friday, consolidating over critical support between $8,500 and $9,000.  Altcoins overall were in the green Friday. Bitcoin Cash was up by 1.97% to $1,388.50, Litecoin, -1.05%, was largely unchanged at $150.89 while Ripple traded at 85 cents, pushing its volume up by 1%.  Analyst Still Bullish On Cryptocurrency  Green has been bullish on cryptocurrency in general.  “Most major cryptocurrencies have been posting big gains over the last Green stated on his company ’s website on Wednesday. “Current market activity indicates that the major cryptocurrencies are set for another considerable surge in prices gains in the near future.”  “What’s fueling this current rally in crypto prices? There are several key motivators,” he said. “These include the growing integration with and adoption by major banks and other financial institutions.”  Green said 20 percent of all financial firms, ranging from hedge funds to banking giants, are now considering trading digital currencies in the 12 months, according to a new Thomson Reuters survey.  “Another key reason for the rally is that there’s a growing awareness of the need and demand for digital, global currencies in a digitalized, globalized world,” he said.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Interview: Global Blockchain COO Talks Hyperledger, Stellar Lumens and Kodak Coin Twitter  CCN correspondent Eric Eissler spoke with Shidan Gouran, president and COO of  Global Blockchain  about what the company does, Hyperledger’s role in the blockchain industry, Steller Lumens role as a link between enterprise and public blockchains, and the impact that Kodak’s ICO security token will have on the ICO securities market.  Hyperledger: The Enterprise Solution   Hyperledger  is going to address the needs of the enterprise space. It’s a Linux-based open- source Blockchain, with substantial support from IBM makes it very promising to companies, which want to adopt blockchain technology. Compared to  R3 , the Hyperledger solution is the better of the two, in the opinion of Gouran. This is because of the shared-space-across-other-companies aspect of Hyperledger, whereas R3 is more of a messaging platform and does not offer much more beyond that feature.  “It’s really just a database in the traditional sense with some more receipt functionality and process verification. That’s it.” Gouran continued, “we will be using Hyperledger in a solution that we will be announcing in Summer 2018 and we will be partnering with several state actors within in southeast Asia and the Middle East through the means of a trading platform.”  Besides the benefits of using an enterprise-based blockchain, Gouran stressed the importance of using a public ledger so that consortiums can interact with other consortiums. Which led us to the next topic: Steller Lumens.  Stellar Lumens Linking Enterprise and Public Solutions   Stellar Lumens was the offshoot of an early fork of Ripple. However, despite being of the same blockchain, Ripple is essentially a software company that sells banking software to banks. Gouran said, “Ripple’s ledger is not really being used for anything today. Ripple has nothing to do with blockchains. I am sure that one day Ripple is hoping that banks will adopt their software  and currency, XPR. They got where they did today by leveraging the marketing of the hype blockchains.”  Stellar is focused on being an open network with a block-chain based solution, and they are not looking to build a solution for the banking industry. Stellar offers better back-end controls that you cannot find on decentralized blockchains, such as freezing accounts, KYTMLs APIs. Gouran further assets that Steller is going to be a major player in connecting enterprises with the  public world.  Two Kinds of Blockchain Models:  Stellar/Ripple Model: Centralized custodians introducing access onto a decentralized order book. Centralized order book with decentralized custodians. Essentially, the exchange does not have control of your actions. Transactions are randomized so that that it is impossible to tell the order of the transactions, preventing the order book from being front run.  He said that many looking to use  atomic swaps  and the lightning network is considered science fiction today, but will be more viable within the next 18 months, according to Gouran.  Kodak Coin: Properly Registered Security Token   In light of the delays, these are positive steps in the right direction. “They are the ones with the machetes breaking through the jungle of regulations, to make it easier for everyone after them to come into the security token,” said Gouran. Kodak is a trailblazer for ICOs because it is taking the time to pass through all the stages of making its ICO a security token and regis tering it with the SEC. By doing this, it will be a legitimate investment platform as well as having a business application.  Once it has passed all the requirements set forth by the SEC, Kodak Coin will be one of the first ICO securities on the market. It will have broken down the doors for the future by making the ICO security token registering process easier for others to follow in the future. According to Gouran, 2018 is going to be the year that securities get on the blockchain and that is going  to be a big deal. Kodak Coin is going through all the hoops with the regulators, all the way. Be available to a retail audience in a proper way. That is a big deal,” said Gouran. A secure, regulated coin is going to fare much better and will set precedents for future security tokens.  Global Blockchain was founded by Shidan Gouran and Steve Nerayoff. The company evolved since its initial founding, in such that it will spin off its mining operations, which are the largest mining operations by capacity in North America, into a subsidiary company this April, called Global Blockchain Mining Corp. The anticipated combined power bandwidth for mining operations is  175 megawatts (between what is available immediately and what will be made available later). Global Blockchain will remain as an investment firm or incubator for other emerging blockchain- and token-based companies.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Warren Buffet Says Buying Bitcoin is Gambling, Not Investing Twitter  Investment guru Warren Buffet remains unsold on bitcoin and crptocurrencies. He doesn’t even consider buying bitcoin as investing and compares it to gambling.  Interviewed during Berkshire Hathaway’s annual shareholder meeting, Buffet explained his ongoing skepticism about bitcoin in an interview with  Yahoo Finance .  “There’s two kinds of items that people buy and think they’re investing,” he said. “One really is investing and the other isn’t.” Bitcoin, he says, isn’t.  Why Buying Bitcoin Isn ’t Really Investing  “If you buy something like a farm, an apartment house, or an interest in a business… You can do that on a private basis… And it’s a perfectly satisfactory investment,” he said. “You look at the investment itself to deliver the return to you. Now, if you buy something like bitcoin or some cryptocurrency, you don’t really have anything that has produced anything. You’re just hopi ng the next guy pays more.”  This, according to Buffet, is not investing, but speculating.  There is nothing wrong with speculating, he said. But speculating, in his view, is like gambling. If you want to gamble, someone else might come along and pay more tomorrow. But this is gambling, not investing,  A Longtime Bitcoin Skeptic  Several years ago, Buffet called cryptocurrency a “mirage,” arguing that it was a “joke” to assign a value to something just because it can be used to transmit money. “Are checks worth a whole lot of money just because they can transmit money?,” he asked at the time.  Asked in January about JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon’s backpedaling on bitcoin after Morgan expressed regret about calling bitcoin a “fraud” last year,  Buffet reiterated his negativism about cryptocurrencies .  “In terms of cryptocurrencies, generally, I can almost say with certainty that they will come to a bad ending,” Buffet said. He went on to say he’d bet on “every one of the cryptocurrencies” falling over the next five years. “But, I would never short a dime’s worth,” he added.  Probed further, Buffett stressed he wouldn’t take a negative position by trading bitcoin futures contracts, stating there’s “no reason” to do so.  “Why in the world should I take a long or short position of something I don’t know anything about?” he quipped, admitting to knowing very little of cryptocurrencies.  “You can’t value bitcoin because it’s not a value-producing asset,” Buffet warned in October, questioning strategists and hedge fund managers who believe Metcalfe’s law — a principle that states the value of a network is proportional to the square of the number of its user base — provides an effective metric for deciphering bitcoin’s value.  There’s a “real bubble in that sort of thing,” he added, echoing comments made by UBS earlier in October.  Not Impressed By ICOs  In December,  he expressed concern that ICOs  — which raised more than $3.2 billion in 2017 alone according to ICO tracker CoinSchedule — will not prove beneficial to the investment industry. “People get excited from big price movements, and Wall Street accommodates,” Buffet commented.  Binance CEO Zhao Changpeng recently said cryptocurrency  is one area Warren Buffet knows nothing about . “Warren Buffett is a guy I truly respect from an investment point of view, but I do not think he understands cryptocurrencies at all,” Changpeng said.  “It is what it is,” Changpeng continued. “I still respect him in other parts of his expertise. But I think on cryptocurrencies he’s making a big mistake.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Danish Ice Hockey Stadium Rebrands to  ‘Bitcoin Arena ’ as Awareness Grows Twitter  Earlier this year, the Rungsted Seier Capital ice rink in Denmark was rebranded to Bitcoin Arena by co-owner Lars Seier Christensen and billionaire sponsor Niklas Nikolajsen.   The two individuals that oversee the operations of the stadium said that they were keen on rebranding it to spread awareness of bitcoin. Nikolajsen emphasized that he and his partner were intrigued by the attention the stadium’s rebranding would bring to the cryptocurrency market and bitcoin, especially in a country like Denmark whose blockchain sector has not evolved relative  to other regions.   “It shows how far bitcoin has really come. It is quite interesting that when the classic banks move out, we move in.” And I’m going to pull on a smile when I hear the sports commentators, every time they switch over to a match in Rungsted, they have to switch to the Bitcoin Arena. It’s funny, and it’s clear that it’s a little nasty thin,” siad Nikolajsen.   As a part of the initiative, the stadium also secured a partnership with Bitcoin Suisse AG, a regulated crypto financial broker, asset manager and service provider based in Zug, Switzerland, that has been serving some of the biggest initial coin offerings (ICOs), cryptocurrency companies, and businesses over the past few years.   According to a Danish media outlet,  Nikolajsen, who is known as an early-stage cryptocurrency investor and a bitcoin billionaire, also is the co-founder of Bitcoin Suisse AG and has since processed the salaries of hockey players in bitcoin. At the time, Nikolaj Rosenthal was the only hockey player to be paid in bitcoin by Bitcoin Suisse.   “I can imagine that they would. It’s really exciting to be allowed to be a pioneer with this,” he said at the time.  Slovenia Bitcoin Monument  In March, Slovenia-based cryptocurrency exchange Bitstamp, which remains as one of the leading trading platforms in the global cryptocurrency market since 2011, created a bitcoin monument and placed in one of the main highway intersections of the country.   MONUMENTAL: World’s first monument dedicated to  #blockchain  now graces a roundabout in  #Slovenia . The statue, shaped like the  #Bitcoin  logo, commemorates blockchain ’s useful and meaningful contributions to our society.  pic.twitter.com/JdJIfQUaeZ  — Bitstamp (@Bitstamp)  March 13, 2018  Both projects, the rebranding of the Danish stadium to Bitcoin Arena and the establishment of a bitcoin monument in the center of Slovenia were led by two of the leading companies in the cryptocurrency sector, one from the cryptocurrency exchange market and the other from the brokerage industry.   Companies in South Korea and Japan are running similar initiatives as placing ads on the main billboards of city centers and promoting various cryptocurrencies in innovative ways to increase the adoption of the market in general.  This week, on the Joe Rogan podcast, it was revealed that one of the largest Karate competitions has received bitcoin sponsorships by various bitcoin companies and in the middle of the cage, the producers placed a giant bitcoin logo to promote the cryptocurrency.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Beleagured Romanian Bitcoin Exchange BTCxChange is Shutting Down  Twitter  Romanian bitcoin exchange  BTCxChange , which has suffered problems since its launch in 2014, has once again announced its closing, having recently informed customers that it will close on May 1, 2018.  A  notice  dated April 22 from the BTCxChange team on the exchange website told customers to withdraw all balances before May 1. BTCxChange stopped operations on Feb. 1, the notice said, but customers were still able to stock bitcoins on the platform.  An email CCN sent to the exchange today for further comment was not returned at the time of this report.  Problems From The Start  BTCxChange first urged users to  withdraw their funds  by Dec. 19, 2014 after accusing its lead programmer of holding is servers hostage. The notice said the exchange had lost all access to its bitcoin exchange servers.  The exchange  closed its operations  nearly a month after putting itself up for sale on Aug. 18, 2016. Horea Oradea Vuscan, the owner at the time, sent emails to customers on Sept. 4 asking them to withdraw funds, followed by a similar email on Sept. 9.  Exchange Relaunched In 2016  On Nov. 14, 2016, the service was relaunched under new ownership, according to a letter posted on the website by CEO Max Nicula. In his letter, Nicula said the platform had undergone two major updates to improve the user experience, safety and quality.  On Jan. 22, 2018, Nicula announced receiving a letter from Idea Bank that BTCxChange’s bank accounts would be closed within 15 days. This marked the fourth bank account closed for the exchange in 12 months.  “Some time ago we have taken the decision that we will not seek new bank accounts in case these ones are shut down, reason being that the constant bank account changes and lack of permanent stable solutions prevents us from developing our business with the speed we want,” Nicula wrote.  Nicula asked users to withdraw fiat balances (RON, EUR and USD) by Feb. 1, 2018, and that all remaining fiat balances would be converted to bitcoin. The exchange tried to develop a new type of service without ties to the banking system, Nicula stated.  To improve volumes, the exchange needed to make fee reductions, an API launch and “substantial investments” in marketing, Nicula noted. These actions required sacrificing short-term profit.  Making these sacrifices made no sense, however, due to having no trust in the long-term stability of its banking solutions, Nicula noted.  CEO Hopeful For The Future  Nicula was hopeful for cryptocurrency in general.  “It is precisely the belief in bitcoin and the crypto space in general that makes the decision of not looking for alternative banking solutions so easy for us,” he wrote. He added that the bank is no longer a service provider but a privilege that can be taken away at any time.  He encouraged entrepreneurs to enter the crypto space, to seek opportunities to add value and avoid partnerships with the banking system. “The crypto economy offers ample opportunities to conduct deterministic business and agreements, free of subjectivism and multiple interpretations, without shortsighted and counterproductive lawmaking,” he noted.  “I will end this message with a thanks to all the customers that have used our services and hope to leave a positive impression behind,” Nicula concluded.  The notice included a list of services for converting fiat to cryptocurrencies: localbitcoins.com and bitcoinromania.ro in Romania and kraken.com and bitstamp.net in Europe.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Japan’s 16 Licensed Cryptocurrency Exchanges Launch Self-Regulatory Body Twitter  A concentrated effort among 16 licensed Japanese cryptocurrency exchange operators to ‘restore confidence’ in the sector following the $530 million Coincheck theft in January has finally seen the launch of a self-regulatory body.  In a report by Japanese news outlet  Asahi Shimbun  on Tuesday, sixteen cryptocurrency exchanges currently registered and licensed by the Financial Services Agency (FSA), the country’s financial regulator, have launched a self-regulating body that will be known as the ‘Japan Virtual Currency Exchange Association’.  In addition to developing standards for the wider industry, the new body will also create and establish guidelines for initial coin offerings (ICOs) in Japan by working alongside the FSA.  The launch of the association comes after months of  rumors  of domestic licensed exchange operators banding together to adhere to self-imposed rules in order to foster a healthy trading environment, particularly in the aftermath of January’s  infamous Coincheck theft .  The association will begin work on a framework that entails rules for customer protection and internal controls while seeking compliance from member companies. Notably, the group will also consider imposing penalties on members for activities that undermine public confidence and trust in the industry.  In no particular order, the 16 companies forming the group are: Money Partners, QUOINE, bitFlyer, Bit Bank, SBI Virtual Currency, GMO Coin, Bit Trade, BTC Box, BitPoint Japan, DMM Bitcoin, Bit Argo Exchange Tokyo, Bitgate, BITOCEAN, Fiscalo Currency Exchange, Xtheta and Tech BURO.  Taizen Okuyama, president and CEO of Money Partners will serve as the chairman of the newly formed group. One of Japan’s largest foreign exchange firms, Money Partners announced its foray into the cryptocurrency space after  acquiring embattled exchange Coincheck  for $33.5 million this month.  “We are working hard to develop security measures and internal control, we will promptly promote the rules of transactions and advertisements and the information we disclose,” Okuyama said. “We want to eliminate customers’ concerns and work to restore confidence in order to develop healthy markets.”  The new industry body will also provide guidance to over a dozen cryptocurrency exchanges that seek registration but continue to operate without a license from the FSA, Okuyama added.  He stated:  I would like to create a situation where I can give advice to (unregistered exchanges). The development of the industry as a whole is important.  As  reported  previously, the new body is an unification of the Japan Blockchain Association (JBA) and the Japan Cryptocurrency Business Association (JCBA) , the country’s two major cryptocurrency trade bodies that will now come together under a single roof.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Amazon Web Services Launches Ethereum And Hyperledger Fabric Blockchain Templates Twitter  Amazon Web Services  (AWS) has introduced blockchain templates for Ethereum and  Hyperledger Fabric , providing a fast and easy way to create and deploy secure blockchain networks with open source frameworks, the company announced on its  website .  Blockchain technology makes it possible to build applications where multiple parties can record transactions without the need for a central authority to ensure transactions are secure and verified. The transactions are immutable and independently verifiable.  The AWS templates allow users to deploy Ethereum and Hyperledger frameworks with certified AWS CloudFormation templates. Users can focus on building blockchain applications rather than spending time and energy on manual setup of their blockchain network.  Both Ethereum and Hyperledger Fabric offer distributed consensus algorithms, smart contract functionality and access control features.  How It Works  The AWS templates deploy the blockchain framework the user chooses as containers on an Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS) cluster, or directly on an EC2 instance running Docker.  The user creates the blockchain network in their own Amazon VPC, allowing them to use their network Access Control Lists and VPC subnets. They can assign granular permissions using AWS IAM to restrict which resources an Amazon EC2 instance or Amazon ECS cluster can access.  Users can visit the “ getting started ” page to begin using AWS Blockchain Templates. There is no additional charge for using the templates. The user only pays for the AWS resources they need to run their blockchain network.  Blockchain networks can be deployed in any public AWS region.  Also read:  Amazon Web Services teams with DCG on blockchain endeavor  AWS Supports Blockchain Innovation  AWS has partnered with financial institutions and blockchain companies to boost innovation and support frictionless experimentation. In 2016,  AWS announced a partnership with Digital Currency Group  on a platform that to allow companies to experiment with blockchain technology  Additional information about AWS Templates is available at  AWS Blog , AWS Blockchain Templates  webpage , and AWS Blockchain Templates  documentation .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Opinion: Is MoneroV a Legitimate Hard Fork of Monero? Twitter  MoneroV’s upcoming hard fork (scheduled for April 30th, 2018) has been the subject of much debate. Many question the necessity of the hard fork and the reasons behind it.  The MoneroV team claims to eliminate these current issues facing Monero: infinite supply, scalability problems, and centralization. However, many don’t view these as issues and claim that MoneroV’s launch is nothing more than a speculative money grab and attack on the anonymity of the Monero network.  MoneroV claims that Monero has an infinite supply due to so-called “tail emissions”. These are fixed-rate mining rewards that will continue after the main supply of Monero is mined with a target date of May 2022. While technically true, it is theorized that this slowed supply growth rate will be adequately balanced by lost or burnt coins. Furthermore, there are advantages to an  inflationary currency such as availability and spendability. MoneroV plans to offer a fixed coin supply, but at ten times the supply of Monero, many question its claim of superiority over Monero’s supply structure.  In regard to scalability issues, MoneroV claims that its implementation of Mimblewimble technology will solve this problem. However, MoneroV does not plan to implement Mimblewimble until late 2019 or early 2020, causing many to question the legitimacy of the current fork date.  Finally, MoneroV claims that Monero’s central leadership is a problem and aims to become a truly decentralized private network. Despite having several prominent figures, most argue that Monero is already a private and decentralized network with no central company or figure having control over the network or its decision-making.  So is MoneroV legitimate?  To begin with, the purported reasons for the hard fork have been questioned. Second, the MoneroV team is anonymous, which limits the trust in MoneroV leadership. MoneroV requires Monero holders’ private keys to receive tokens from the airdrop, leaving many to question the safety and privacy of MoneroV’s launch. To its credit, MoneroV has recommended solutions to these risks, bu t many are convinced these issues should not have arisen in the first place. Finally, while the MoneroV project is open-source, the MoneroV wallet is not, meaning the wallet source code cannot be audited prior to launch. MoneroV claims this is done to prevent phishing attacks, but some are dubious of this claim.  Whether MoneroV is legitimate or not remains to be seen, but it’s clear the Monero community is not supporting this fork, and it’s recommended that anyone looking to claim MoneroV coins during the airdrop take the requisite security precautions to protect themselves.  This opinion piece is penned by Josh Reif, a  crypto enthusiast and CEO of Crypto Launch Media, an ICO marketing firm. With a background in copywriting, sales, and marketing, Josh is focused on educating the public on emerging blockchain technologies and helping new companies communicate their value to the market.  The opinions presented are those of the author alone.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Sorry MIT, But You’re Not Taking Down Bitcoin Twitter  “Let’s destroy Bitcoin.”  Thus the MIT Technology Review purports to present  a guide to taking down  the flagship cryptocurrency, whose network has achieved  99.99 percent uptime  since its launch in January 2009. Unsurprisingly, the publication’s plans  — which you can read about in more detail  here   — fall short of the mark.  Author Morgan Peck presents three scenarios that could supposedly lead to Bitcoin’s demise.  In the first, central banks use  distributed ledger technology  (DLT) to issue their own digital currencies, shrinking the market for Bitcoin and other decentralized cryptocurrencies.  But while many central banks are exploring how to digitize their national currencies, it is not outside the realm of possibility that the promulgation of state-backed digital currencies could increase demand for Bitcoin, which  — unlike Fedcoin  — is uncensorable, shows no respect for national borders, and has its monetary policy hardcoded into its software.  At the very least, Bitcoin will likely continue to exist alongside Fedcoin, particularly once more privacy-centric features get added through  sidechains , the  Lightning Network , or other future software upgrades.  In a second instance, the digital economy evolves into a mass-barter system in which nearly every company issues its own cryptocurrency and a blockchain-based system trades them automatically when users need to make a purchase at a specific business whose tokens they do not own.  What this scenario ignores, however, is that these company-specific tokens will require an underlying blockchain to secure them and facilitate bartering, and this blockchain would likely require its own native currency.  Additionally, If the economy did evolve in this manner, it still seems likely that maintaining a reserve asset  — whether Bitcoin or otherwise  — would be more efficient for trading purposes, not to mention the fact that individual company tokens would become worthless if businesses shut down.  Finally, MIT’s guide to taking down Bitcoin argues that Facebook or another social media conglomerate could wield its size and resources to co-opt Bitcoin and force users to adopt a forked version of the software  — let’s call it Facebitcoin.  However, it’s unclear what incentive Facebook would have to take this insidious route, as it would be much more expensive than creating its own token and distributing it through a multi-billion dollar initial coin offering (ICO), as  Telegram  is currently doing.  Moreover, this sequence of events appears to make the faulty assumption that Facebook  — one of the world’s largest businesses  — would add full support for Bitcoin but that this decision would not lead other companies to follow suit, reducing Facebook ’s ability to exert outsized control over the coin.  Mass adoption would ensure, and the Bitcoin price would skyrocket. In response, new miners would flock to the market, preventing Facebook  — which would be at a significant economic disadvantage unless it begins manufacturing its own miners  — from acquiring a large enough percentage of the Bitcoin hashrate to launch a meaningful assault on the network.  Now, perhaps a corporate cabal could have more success, but even this is not certain. Though not an entirely analogous situation, the Bitcoin community only recently successfully resisted a hard fork  —  SegWit2x   — which had broad support among large industry businesses and miners (SegWit2x ’s chief proponents ultimately called off the fork to avoid plunging the network into a civil war).  Indeed, even in the unlikely scenario that this did occur, it ’s difficult to imagine this cartel maintaining control over Bitcoin indefinitely, and the threat of a network split would provide a strong financial disincentive to wage such a corporate takeover.  All things considered, it ’s not outside the realm of possibility that malicious actors could attempt to  take down Bitcoin , but previous attempts have failed to amount to much. In short, users probably have nothing to worry about.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Macau Regulator Warns Public of Gangster-Backed ICO Related to Cambridge Analytica Twitter  Cambridge Analytica ’s former employee, Brittany Kaiser, has  revealed  that the British data analytics firm was also working with data mining company Macau Dragon Group. The latter is also known as Dragon Corporation and is backed by gangster Wan Kuok-koi  “Broken Tooth ”; he was previously the gang leader of ex-14K triad. The news of their involvement came last week, and in turn, financial officials from Macau  issued  cryptocurrency crime warnings.  Cambridge Analytica ’s  whistleblower  detailed the company ’s activities to obtain user information from Facebook for the U.S. President Donald Trump’s 2016 election campaign. After Kuok-koi ’s presence was noted in the crypto community, people became worried and many claimed that regulations would help avoid such acts in the future. Cambridge Analytica helped Dragon Corporation in advertising its $500 million ICO scheduled for next month. Both the companies were also planning to work on a system that would allow users to sell their personal data to advertisers.  After news websites reported the story, the Monetary Authority of Macau released a statement that covered the latest events along with a warning.  The media has reported that a Macau company was involved in an ICO [initial coin offering] recently. Monetary Authority of Macau reminds all Macau residents that cryptocurrencies are virtual products, but not legal currencies or financial tools. Residents should be aware of fraud and criminal activities associated with cryptocurrencies.  The authority also reminded residents that virtual currencies didn ’t fall under the Financial System Act (FSA) of 1993.  Monetary Authority of Macau reiterates that any institution providing regulated financial services such as currency exchange, cross-border fund transfer and financial exchange platforms without permission violates relevant provisions of the Financial System Act.  Thus, crypto companies in Macau won ’t receive any help from financial institutions in the future. However, some people have pointed out that no rules have been passed against casinos developing ICOs.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   EOS Price Rallies 15% as  ‘Kimchi Premium ’ Returns in South Korea Twitter  The EOS price rallied by 15 percent on Tuesday, outpacing its peers amidst a comprehensive market advance.  At present, the EOS price is valued at a global average of $13.40, up from $11.71 on Monday. In the past week, EOS has surged more than 50 percent, which is the second-best performance among top 10-cryptocurrencies.  Notably, this price action has occurred even in the wake of the high-profile  eosDAC airdrop , whose blockchain snapshot took place on April 15. Generally, prices rise ahead of an airdrop and decline once they occur, so it is significant that EOS has managed to sustain its advance even after the blockchain snapshot.  Source: CoinMarketCap  EOS ’s rally has correlated with strong trading volume in South Korea, where the token currently trades at a premium as high as $0.16 over prices on Western exchanges. EOS/KRW pairs on Bithumb and Upbit account for more than $629 million in volume, representing approximately one-third of the token ’s total daily trading volume.  Though not quite as profound as the  “Kimchi premium ” observed on South Korean trading platforms in late 2017, this spread between KRW and other trading pairs is a sign that local demand is continuing to tick back up as the overall market recovers from its bear cycle.  Source: CoinMarketCap  On a related note, EOS is likely trading up on yesterday ’s news that Coinone, another large South Korean exchange, listed EOS for trading against KRW, increasing the token ’s liquidity in this lucrative market.  Additionally, cryptocurrency hedge fund Multicoin capital on Tuesday released a  detailed analysis and valuation  of EOS, concluding that the token will likely see  “significant upward price action ” throughout the medium term.  “We believe that the EOS token model lends itself particularly well to value capture, ” Multicoin wrote in its report.  “We expect to see very significant upward price action in the near to medium term. At current valuations, we continue to be bullish on EOS. ”  Finally, EOS ’s mainnet launch, which is currently scheduled for June 1, is rapidly approaching, so  — barring any delays or other foreseen incidents  — anticipation for this event could increase buy pressure over the short-term.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘Bitcoin Is Bigger Than the Internet ’: Billionaire Investor Tim Draper Twitter  Billionaire Silicon Valley venture capitalist Tim Draper is doubling down on his bullish bitcoin hand.  Draper, founder of Draper Associates, became famous for his early backing of tech sensations Tesla, Jobs.com and Skype, but if you ask him today, bitcoin surpasses them all.  He was asked during a panel discussion at the Intelligence Squared/Manhattan Institute US  debate over the weekend  about how his investment in the leading tech plays compares to digital currencies, to which he responded that cryptos would be  “bigger than all of those combined. ”  “This is bigger than the internet. It ’s bigger than the Iron Age, the Renaissance. It ’s bigger than the Industrial Revolution. This affects the entire world and it ’s going to be affected in a faster and more prevalent way than you ever imagined. ”  Bullish Call  Draper previously made headlines for his bullish forecast calling for the bitcoin price to attain  $250,000 by 2022 , a price target that he repeated during the panel discussion. Meanwhile, he also quashed the argument that cryptocurrencies are not a practical method of payment, offering yet another prediction  –  “In five years you are going to try to go buy coffee with fiat currency and they are going to laugh at you because you ’re not using crypto. I believe that there will be a point at which you will no longer really want any of the fiat currency, ” said Draper.  Bitcoin Bubble  One of the key questions debated by the panel was the bitcoin bubble, to which Draper compared to the emergence internet.  “The whole premise of  ‘is it a bubble? ’ is ridiculous. Our last bubble  … the internet bubble  … Was that a bubble? You guys still use the internet. That was no bubble. That was an amazing transformation of our world, ” Draper said before the live audience.  Cryptocurrency Security  For the topic of security, Draper was joined by his co-panelist Patrick Byrne, founder of Overstock.com and CEO of tZero. Together they argued the security case for cryptocurrencies.  “This has been hacked at more than anything in history, but it ’s never been defeated. Last I checked, banks get hacked, too, ” said Byrne.  Gillian Tett, US Managing Editor at the  Financial Times , countered that at least banks have a big enough pool of money to repay the customers in the event of a security breach.  Draper had the last word.  “I am so much more secure in my bitcoin than I am in the money that is sitting there in Wells Fargo, ” said Draper.  Featured image from Flickr/ Web Summit .  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Wallet Client MyEtherWallet Succumbs to DNS Hijacking Attack Twitter  Popular Ethereum wallet interface MyEtherWallet has succumbed to a DNS hijacking attack that allowed a hacker to redirect users to a malicious version of the website and phish their private keys.  The incident was first  reported  on social media by users claiming to have been affected by th  e breach, and MyEtherWallet later confirmed it on  Twitter .  “Couple of DNS servers were hijacked to resolve myetherwallet.com users to be redirected to a phishing site,” the company said. “This is not on @myetherwallet side, we are in the process of verifying which servers to get it resolved asap.”  It’s unclear how the hackers were able to gain control of MyEtherWallet’s Domain Name System (DNS), but this type of attack has  exploited cryptocurrency-related websites  on multiple occasions.  As in previous cases, the malicious website phished user ’s private keys when they entered them into the fraudulent MyEtherWallet client.  It appears that the hacker obtained about  215 ETH  (~$150,000) from the attack, which lasted several hours. One unfortunate user lost more than 85 ETH, worth nearly $60,000.  Coins stolen as part of the attack have been funneled into  this wallet , which contains more than $17 million in ETH and has been linked to previous phishing scams.  Users who accessed the fraudulent website using a hardware wallet such as  Trezor  were protected from the private key exploit, though it’s possible that the malicious website could have replaced the address to which they were attempting to send their coins with a false one controlled by the hacker.   Your private keys never leave the TREZOR device, so even this DNS hijack does not endanger your funds. However, it is possible that the fraudulent site might replace your addresses. Always verify the address on your TREZOR screen when sending and receiving.  https://t.co/nWyN7OqeB8  — TREZOR (@TREZOR)  April 24, 2018   For added security, it’s a wise idea to download a browser extension that maintains a blacklist of malicious websites.  EtherAddressLookup  and  MetaMask  are two popular options for Chrome users. These tools will not guarantee protection from phishing scams, but they provide an extra layer of protection.  Finally, MyEtherWallet users can also download a copy of the website from Github and  run the client on an offline computer , further increasing their security.  
INCREASE	   BitPay Confirms Bitcoin Cash Retail Payments as Prices Jump Twitter  Cryptocurrency payment service provider BitPay has  announced  that it will allow brick-and-mortar businesses to use Bitcoin Cash for payments. Already available for Bitcoin, the new service will give customers the option to choose between paying in BTC or BCH.  BitPay Checkout, used by restaurants and other retail businesses, is currently being used in Atlanta, Toronto, St. Petersburg, Madeira Beach and Paris. BitPay has been serving these entities since Nov. 2014, which is why the company has decided to include more options for crypto payments. With 1% processing fee and integration with companies such as Shopify, 3DCart and Bitmonet , BCH users will find the new update favorable.  “When customers go to pay, they can select their currency of choice, select the option to give a tip, then scan a BitPay Checkout QR code with their mobile wallets, ” BitPay wrote.  “Payments take just a swipe or a tap, and the receiving merchant gets a local currency bank settlement within one business day. Merchants get every dollar or euro they charge, minus BitPay ’s 1% processing fee. ”  Last month , BitPay upgraded their system so that buyers using the platform could accept online payments in Bitcoin Cash as well as Bitcoin. After joining the crypto community in 2011, this was the first time an altcoin was included by the company. The press release stated that merchants integrating BitPay for small-scale transactions including video games and app downloads would find it  easier  “since Bitcoin Cash costs only pennies (or less) for customers to send ”.  Last year, BitPay co-founder, Stephen Pair, said that after careful observation, they found out that no bitcoin alternative was innovative or  “compelling ”. Despite scaling issues, Pair concluded that Bitcoin was the best cryptocurrency till date. However, following Bitcoin Cash ’s launch in August, BitPay allowed users to store and spend BCH in its open source wallet,  Copay . This announcement was considered as one of the reasons behind the increase in BCH ’s price from $313 to $431 within 24 hours in Sep. 2017. The next month, BitPay  confirmed  that it would begin accepting  “additional blockchain payment methods ” starting with BCH. Once again, the news caused BCH to break records by crossing the $2,000 mark.  Bitcoin Cash , currently the fourth-largest cryptocurrency, has once again increased by almost 19% after BitPay ’s announcement today. However, the price was already rising upwards – it is now up 100% in one week. The market cap has also doubled within these seven days, climbing from $12 billion to $24 billion.   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   MIT Publishes a Plan to  ‘Destroy ’ Bitcoin [Yes, Really] Twitter  The MIT Technology Review has a plan  — or three  — to take down Bitcoin.  Writing in an article titled “ Let’s Destroy Bitcoin ,” tech writer Morgan Peck presents three scenarios that she believes could lead to Bitcoin’s eventual demise.  The first option is a “government takeover,” whereby governments create their own digital currencies  — dubbed “ Fedcoins ”  — which will allegedly “improve upon the efficiencies of Bitcoin,” presumably reducing or even eliminating demand for decentralized cryptocurrencies.  Another of  MIT ’s strategies to take down Bitcoin involves the “tokenization of everything.” In this scenario, economic activity evolves into a hyper-efficient mass-barter system, in which virtually every company releases its own cryptocurrency and an automated system allows users to seamlessly trade their “FacebookCoins” for “ToyotaCash” depending on which asset they need to complete a trans action.  “Think of this as an incredibly efficient barter system,” says Campbell Harvey, a finance professor at Duke University. “Barter is generally inefficient, but if you have a network and you tokenize the goods and services and enable it with a blockchain, it can become very efficient.”  The author’s most unique strategy to take down Bitcoin involves social media conglomerate  Facebook  masterminding a stealth takeover of the cryptocurrency.  In this scenario, Facebook launches a multi-pronged attack on the cryptocurrency’s current implementation.  First, the company creates a proprietary, third-party Bitcoin wallet and integrates it throughout Facebook’s product suite, a scheme designed to trick users into giving the company outsized control of the Bitcoin ecosystem.  Peck explains:  “For those who already use Bitcoin, the experience is so vastly superior to what they’ve previously experienced that they immediately migrate their funds to their Facebook wallet. Those who don’t yet own any bitcoins, or have never heard of them, could be given the option of earning some on the site, either by watching advertisements or by writing Facebook posts for others to s ee.”  Meanwhile, the company would secretly launch a mining operation, which it could perhaps augment by allowing users to opt-in to a  Coinhive -style mining script in exchange for an ad-free browsing experience.  Once Bitcoin has firmly entered the mainstream and become inseparable from Facebook’s product suite, the company could wield its influence to quietly fork Bitcoin and force its users  — most of whom are ignorant of the software’s technical details  — to adopt the new version, which will be structured however the company sees fit.  Could one of these scenarios come to fruition, leaving Bitcoin as currently structured by the wayside? Peck certainly seems to think so. I, however, have my doubts. Here ’s a  follow-up post  in which I explain why I believe these strategies are far-fetched.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   20% of Financial Institutions Could Begin Cryptocurrency Trading in 2018: Survey Twitter  The cryptocurrency market could get a lot more crowded this year.  According to a  survey by Thomson Reuters , approximately 20% of financial institutions could get off the fence and begin cryptocurrency trading in 2018 over different time durations.  Most of the firms that expect to launch cryptocurrency trading this year, or 70%, are keen to do so in the next three-to-six months, according to the survey. Meanwhile, 22% provided a longer-term time horizon of the next six-to-12 months. Thomson Reuters polled more than 400 clients across its trading solutions Eikon, REDI and FX platforms.  The Ethereum Connection  Sam Chadwick, director of strategy and innovation at Thomson Reuters, specializes in the blockchain and took some time to talk with CCN from Zurich, Switzerland.  In 2015, Chadwick was doing his postgraduate Masters at Oxford University. While searching for a dissertation topic, Vitalik Buterin ’s paper on Ethereum just happened to come out. He read it and decided to write on the impact of the blockchain on financial services. As fate would have it, Vitalik was only a kilometer away in Switzerland, so Chadwick emailed him and they met up for a coffee at Starbucks. Chadwick says:  “We had a chat for my dissertation on how Thomson Reuters would be impacted by the blockchain and smart contracts. [Buterin] said there would be some disruption of the client base you serve today if it pans out the way we think it will. But smart contracts needed some mechanism of getting off-chain data, like weather, temperature, interest rates and prices of other world assets . That became my thesis. ”  Chadwick continues to lead blockchain and cryptocurrency innovation for Thomson Reuters from Zurich. The year after he joined, Thomson Reuters launched BlockOne IQ, which incidentally provides data for JPMorgan and National Bank of Canada ’s  debt issuance on Quorum .  The Rise of Cryptocurrency Trading  In January 2017, prior to the more recent formal survey, Thomson Reuters ’ Chadwick anecdotally polled the firm ’s institutional clients about bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, in response to which Chadwick said he was met with  “blank stares. ” By year-end 2017, however, when  “bitcoin fever ” hit, the tide turned. For instance, Thomson Reuters added bitcoin to its desktop platform Eikon as well as on its premium data feed for price discovery.  “That was one year ago. And then coming into the end of last year into Q4, prices of cryptocurrency assets went bananas. Bitcoin started soaring. That landing page we created for bitcoin inside Eikon moved up to be No. 2 of all the FX landing pages after the euro, ” explained Chadwick.  While  there ’s speculation  that Goldman Sachs is launching a cryptocurrency trading desk, Chadwick wouldn ’t comment on them or the clients that were surveyed given the sensitiveity of the topic, except to say:  “It was a combination of the large buy-side organizations  — asset managers and hedge funds  — as well as some of the bank trading desks. ”  He also described the number of ways in which financial institutions more broadly could potentially begin cryptocurrency trading.  “Whether they invest in the capabilities, form partnerships or quietly white-label, we don ’t know. But there are different ways they .. new product without too much heavy lifting, ” said Chadwick.  Rise of the Altcoins?  Chadwick went on to describe the appetite among Thomson Reuters ’ clients for cryptocurrencies, which interestingly extends beyond just the top 10 digital currencies.  “One of the questions on our survey was if we were to cover cryptocurrency pricing and trading, which ones would you be interested in? The big ones were named, but then it was interesting to see some of the altcoins that people picked. It drew me to think about whether players are thinking about creating fund offerings in which you ’re not 100% to bitcoin or 50/50 bitcoin/Ethereum. But you could actually hold a portfolio of 10-20 coins that would diversify your risk given the fact that these are startups, ” explained Chadwick.  The financial institutions that were polled seemed less interested in the privacy coins like Zcash or Monero, which might not pass KYC checks, he explained. But they did request that Thomson Reuters cover ICOs.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Rises to $9,200 as Cryptocurrency Market Reaches $417 Billion Twitter  The bitcoin price has surged to $9,200 over the past 24 hours by recording an increase of around $400. It successfully maintained its momentum in the $9,000 region, which investors perceive as an important level that could lead the bitcoin price to enter the $10,000 in the short-term.   Alternative Cryptocurrencies Steal the Show  Alternative cryptocurrencies, also known as altcoins, a term that is generally used to describe cryptocurrencies outside of the major currencies like bitcoin and Ethereum, have continuously outperformed bitcoin and other large cryptocurrencies in the market over the past few weeks.  Today, on April 24, some of the best performing altcoins include ICON (ICX), Ethos (BQX), EOS, and Kyber Network (KNC). All of these ERC20 tokens have recorded more than 10 percent gains against bitcoin which also recorded a solid gain of its own at around 3 percent.  ICON’s daily trading volume has reached 15,500 BTC, with around 50 percent of that coming from the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange Binance and the other 50 percent from South Korean cryptocurrency trading platforms Bithumb and Upbit.   Against the US dollar, ICON has demonstrated an increase of 16 percent, rising to $1.5 billion in market valuation and $145 million in daily trading volume. Traders are attributing the surge in the price of ICX over the past two weeks to the upcoming launch of its main platform on April 30.  Even with today’s 16 percent surge against the US dollar, technical indicators demonstrate a decent buy signal for ICX, with both exponential and simple moving averages showing a positive short-term trend for ICX. But, with the Relative Strength Index (RSI) at 72 and Williams’ Percent Range at -9, ICX is currently overbought and subsequent to the current strong rally, ICX could suffer a minor drop.  Tokens in general have demonstrated strong performances throughout April and as the market continues to recover with bitcoin’s lead, it is likely that Ethereum-based ERC20 tokens, which had shown major corrections from January to March, will record large gains in the short-term.  Bitcoin’s Lead  Investors have started to spot a trend in the market in the past two weeks; when the bitcoin price surges, altcoins and tokens tend to surge by bigger margins and when the bitcoin price falls, altcoins drop by larger percentages.  Although the market has added almost $200 billion since early April, the cryptocurrency market is still going through a mid-term recovery and in terms of extreme volatility and uncertainty, dominant cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin and Ethereum lead the market.   Still, altcoins and tokens are generally following the price trend of bitcoin and a bullish development in the bitcoin price will likely result in large gains for altcoin investors.  Pantera Capital CEO Dan Morehead stated that bitcoin crossed a key level earlier this month and that the value of the dominant cryptocurrency could surge throughout April and May as a result.  “Bitcoin has been growing at 165 percent a year for the six years that we have been in business. And something that is growing that fast hardly ever gets down below its 200-day moving average. When it does it is a very good time to buy. It did five years ago when we launched our first fund and it just crossed that earlier in April,”  said Morehead.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Price Roars Past $700 as Crypto Market Value Rivals That of Facebook Twitter  The Ethereum price crossed a major milestone on Tuesday, surpassing the $700 mark for the first time in more than a month.  The rally was far from an isolated occurrence, as the  cryptocurrency market cap  achieved an eight percent advance, adding nearly $33 billion to its rapidly expanding waistline. In the past week, the market has added almost $100 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  At present, the combined value of all cryptocurrencies is $430 billion, which puts the nascent asset class within striking distance of Facebook, who incidentally, a recent MIT Technology Review article suggested could  take down Bitcoin  if it made a coordinated effort.  Bitcoin Price Continues Push Toward $10,000  The  Bitcoin price  continued to lose market share to its peers, and the flagship cryptocurrency now accounts for just 37.1 percent of the index ’s total valuation. Nevertheless, Bitcoin continued to post a steady advance, rising approximately six percent to $9,367 on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex. Bitcoin now has a $159.5 billion market cap, and many analysts  predict  that it will continue to grow throughout the year.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Ethereum Price Leaps Past $700  The  Ethereum price , meanwhile, beat the index by nearly two percentage points en route to a 10 percent surge that carried the coin above $700 for the first time since mid-March. The Ethereum price is now trading at $704, which translates into a $69.7 billion market cap and a 16.3 percent share of the index.  Ethereum Price Chart  EOS Price Continues to Lead Large-Cap Index as Market Swells  The bullish wave continued throughout the wider cryptocurrency markets, and the majority of top-tier altcoins outpaced Bitcoin ’s single-day performance.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The Ripple price swelled by seven percent, brushing off accusations from a former Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) chairman that  XRP is likely a security  under US law. If the rally continues much longer, Ripple will likely reach dollar parity.  Fourth-ranked Bitcoin Cash matched the index with an eight percent climb, and the BCH price is currently valued at a global average of $1,488.  The EOS price, meanwhile, continued to post the large-cap tier ’s most impressive single-day performance,  exploding by 26 percent  and racing to a nearly $12 billion market cap.  The Litecoin price increased by nine percent to just under $164, while Cardano ’s similar advance carried its price to $0.31.  Stellar rose by seven percent to $0.39 and now boasts a $7.4 billion market cap.  IOTA returned the top-tier ’s worst performance, increasing just four percent to $2.19, while NEO rounded out the top 10 with a 10 percent rally to $83.40.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Will Top $11,500 Soon, Says Crypto Bull who Predicted Recent Crash And Rally Twitter  Bill Baruch, a cryptocurrency bull who foresaw both bitcoin ’s recent slump and ensuing rally, has set a near-term bitcoin price target of $11,500 to $11,800.  Baruch, the president of Blue Line Futures, has a pretty good track record for bitcoin price predictions. In February 2018, when BTC plunged to $7,200 during the market correction, Baruch confidently forecast that bitcoin would return to $10,000.  And that ’s exactly what happened. In March 2018, bitcoin ’s price cleared a high of $12,971, and averaged about $10,500.  ‘Crypto Has Much More Upside In Long Run ’  Looking ahead, Baruch is confident that cryptocurrency prices will continue to rally now that Tax Day in the United States has passed.  “After fighting regulation headwinds and tax selling, the path of least resistance is higher, and I believe the sector still has much more upside in the long run, ” Baruch said on  CNBC .  “The ultimate upside is $11,500 to $11,800. ”  Bill Baruch has set a near-term bitcoin price target of $11,500 to $11,800. (screenshot)  Baruch also noted that participation in the recent crypto rally has been broad-based, with several alt-coins also gaining in value. This is considered a bullish catalyst for the entire virtual currency market, he said.  Bill Baruch isn ’t the only crypto bull who ’s optimistic about the future of digital currencies. Fundstrat co-founder Tom Lee was the first to  forecast a post-Tax Day rally , as CCN has reported.  “Selling pressure for bitcoin should be alleviated after April 15th,” Lee predicted on April 5. And that ’s what has happened. Bitcoin prices surged above $9,300 this week, with no signs of letting up.  Tim Draper: Crypto Is Bigger Than The Internet  Tech billionaire Tim Draper is equally bullish, and has set a  $250,000 bitcoin price target  for 2022, as CCN has reported.  “I’m thinking $250,000 a bitcoin by 2022,” he predicted. “Believe it. It’s happening and it’s going to be awesome!”  Draper also projects that cryptocurrency will take over the world within a few years because it ’s a phenomenon that ’s bigger than any technology that has preceded it.  “This is bigger than the internet! ” Draper gushed, as reported by  CNBC  (see video).  “It’s bigger than the Iron Age and the Renaissance. It’s bigger than the Industrial Revolution! This affects the entire world and it’s going to be affected in a faster and more prevalent way than you ever imagined.”   Like other bitcoin bulls, Draper has a pretty good track record for bitcoin price predictions. In 2015, the venture capitalist accurately predicted that bitcoin would top $10,000 by the end of 2017. BTC prices soared above $13,000 on December 31, 2017.  In 2014, Draper purchased 30,000 bitcoins for $600 apiece (total price paid: $18.5 million) at an auction by the U.S. Marshals Service, a law-enforcement arm of the Department of Justice. The Justice Department frequently auctions off property seized during criminal raids.  Tech billionaire Tim Draper says bitcoin is a revolution that ’s bigger than the Internet. (screenshot)  At today’s bitcoin price of roughly $9,300 a token, Tim Draper’s bitcoin stash is now worth a stunning $279 million. As of December 2017, Draper said he was still HODL ’ing that BTC stockpile. That ’s not a bad return on a passive four-year investment.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Swiss Post Taps Modum Blockchain for Temperature-Monitoring of Shipments Twitter  Switzerland’s national postal service Swiss Post will integrate a blockchain-based solution developed by industry startup Modum in deliveries of pharma shipments and other temperature-sensitive products.  Modrum, a Zurich-based Swiss blockchain developer of sensors that use blockchain smart contracts and IoT technologies, has revealed details of an ongoing partnership with Swiss Post that has seen several initial successful pilots of temperature-monitored shipments delivered.   https://t.co/CwMCTE3cjF  AG announces its cooperation with Swiss Post to deliver an industry-leading, temperature-monitoring solution that enables regulatory compliance for shipments containing medicinal and other temperature-sensitive products.  https://t.co/eY4qOz2viJ  — Swiss Post (@swisspost)  April 24, 2018   With over $8 billion in revenues (2016) and the country’s second-largest employer, Swiss Post has been collaborating with Modum since summer 2017, the startup revealed in an  announcement  on Monday. The two companies will work toward a “deeper integration” of the startup’s temperature-logging devices within Swiss Post’s track-and-trace system.  ‘The solution will provide players in the pharma sector with a reliable and scalable process for monitoring the state of goods and demonstrating legal compliance to auditors,’ Modum said. ‘The fully wireless and digital, blockchain-based data-management solution also provides new levels of data insight and data handling.’  Modum claims to offer a “passive monitoring solution” for the pharma industry with sensors that continually monitor environmental conditions and verifies information gathered against smart contracts on a blockchain to validate pre-determined requirements.  Modum adds that its pharma clientele currently use the startup’s smart contracts to record temperature thresholds for shipments. ‘If temperatures are recorded outside of these thresholds, a notification is sent to the sender and receiver,” Modum says, adding that its sensors have so far measured over 500,000 data points during its pilots.  Modum CEO Simon Dössegger added:  Our collaboration with Swiss Post is the starting point for demonstrating our solution’s efficacy over conventional offerings in the market.  The blockchain-powered solution, if successfully deployed, would ease the regulatory burden on the pharma industry following recently mandated rules. Under  new EU-wide regulations , pharma companies are required to ensure that temperature conditions are maintained within acceptable limits during transport, with proof to show that the quality of shipped medicines aren’t compromised.  Modum adds it will replicate this model for major European logistics providers after successfully demonstrating the technology with Swiss Post.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘Inevitable’ that Pensions and Endowments Make Crypto Play: Hedge Fund Exec Twitter  Cryptocurrencies may soon land the white whale of the investing industry: institutional funds such as pensions and endowments.  That’s according to Ari Paul, chief investment officer at cryptocurrency hedge fund BlockTower Capital, who told  CNBC  that he believes it’s “inevitable” that these institutional investment funds will add cryptoassets to their portfolios  — sooner rather than later.  “I do think it ’s inevitable from a few angles, ” said Paul.  “Even if they never believe in it as an asset class, they ’re smart enough to recognize the alpha opportunity. ”  “Endowments could pull the trigger at any moment. They ’re on the fence, ” he added.  Paul, who served as a portfolio manager for the University of Chicago’s strategic hedge fund prior to founding BlockTower last year, explained that institutions are interested in investing in Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies but are hesitant to be the first to do so.  “We ’re in a bear market until new buyers are enticed, ” he said, adding that an Ivy League school making a minor investment could cause ripple effects throughout the institutional market.  “Even a small dollar amount is legitimizing. If that happens, every family office says,  ‘Oh, Yale ’s in. That gives us the excuse.' ”  Before that happens, though, institutions will need access to trustworthy cryptoasset custodians. Assuming that custodians  expand their services  and continue to build their reputations, Paul estimates that endowments could make their first cryptocurrency investments within three to four months. Pensions and other institutional funds could then follow approximately six months after that.  Paul is not alone in this prediction. On Thursday, Pantera Capital issued a  rare buy recommendation  for Bitcoin, explaining that the fund is convinced that institutions are preparing to finally take the plunge into cryptoassets.  “I rarely have such strong conviction on timing. A wall of institutional money will drive the markets much higher,” wrote Pantera founder Dan Morehead.  Meanwhile, Wall Street strategy firm Fundstrat is doubling down on its bet that the  Bitcoin price will reach $25,000  by the end of 2018 based on the premise that the markets will turn bullish once tax-based sell pressure evaporates.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   China ’s Bitmain Gets Approval for US Bitcoin Mining Operation Twitter  Bitmain, Chinese cryptocurrency mining company, has been given a green light to set up a blockchain facility in Western Walla Walla County, a county in the U.S. state of Washington. Local newspaper  Union-Bulletin  wrote that the decision was in complete agreement of the three commissioners involved in the situation.  Last month, CCN  reported  that Ant Creek was in talks with the officials to buy land in the port of Walla Walla. Bitmain ’s co-founder, Jihan Wu, was listed as the governing person of the company, with Jeff Stearns as the director of operations. The initial deal included leasing 40 acres of land which would result in 15-20 full time jobs. However, a few changes have been made to the original offer. Currently, the company is receiving 10 acres land and the opportunity to show the county its techno logical potential.  If Ant Creek accepts the offer, the lease will run until the end of 2018, after which the company will be given a choice to purchase the land. The company would pay $4,701.67 monthly, and if it decided to buy the land, it would need to pay $150,000. Additionally, $2.5 million would be spent on constructing a roadway since the land is currently inaccessible. The port will cover  access improvement design, and drinkable and fire protection water expansion costs of $140,000 and $300,000 respectively. However, Stearns neither accepted nor denied the altered deal yet.  The decision was made at a public hearing, where many residents opposed the idea of cryptocurrency mining. According to them, allowing such a project would benefit anonymous people while using their land ’s electricity. Without mentioning Bitmain, Stearns explained that Ant Creek was  “both a blockchain and artificial-intelligence company ” to the people.  Some people spoke against bitcoin mining, while some said the company was focusing more on blockchain to  “soften the idea ”. At one point, a person was escorted out of the hearing. One of the commissioners even clarified that blockchain had various use-cases, one of them being food security.  Les Teel, CEO of Columbia Rural Electric Association (REA), also said that the company could easily fulfill Art Creek ’s demand without putting the residents at risk. However, when it came to finalizing the deal, president of the commission, Peter Swant, said,  “We are elected to do what the people would like us to do. ” Out of the 60,000 residents, only 60 or 70 people were opposing the collaboration which made it difficult to vote in favor of the minority.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Increased SegWit Adoption May have Finally Solved Bitcoin’s Fee Problem Twitter  A couple months after two of the largest  cryptocurrency trading exchanges ,  Bitfinex  and  GDAX , finally adopted the bitcoin  SegWit protocol , transaction fees for the currency are finally back to reasonable levels.  Bitfinex , on February 20 2018,  announced  support for bitcoin deposit and withdrawals using P2SH Segregated Witness (SegWit) addresses while GDAX, on February 23,  introduced  a phased rollout for all its customers. By early March, both exchanges had successfully transitioned their entire infrastructure from legacy bitcoin addresses to SegWit compatible ones.  Importantly, the adoption of SegWit by exchanges came only after the entire cryptocurrency community clamored for it in a bid to reduce bitcoin fees. Nevertheless, after ignoring much of the demand for transaction batching and SegWit since the latter’s release in August 2017, it seems as if the exchanges are finally taking user feedback much more seriously.  In a  blog post  dated February 20, 2018, Bitfinex announced that its upgrade to SegWit wallets was motivated by the potential for lower withdrawal fees and improved processing time for transactions on the  bitcoin network . Paolo Ardino, the CTO of Bitfinex, said,  “As a premier exchange, Bitfinex is committed to improving its market-leading offering for our loyal and discerning customers. SegWit provides not only an immediate benefit for users, but also a foundation for future Bitcoin development.”   He further added,  “By supporting SegWit addresses, Bitfinex is tackling three of the biggest crypto enthusiast concerns: transaction fees, transaction speed, and total network capacity. We are delighted that through this implementation we can provide our customers with bitcoin withdrawal fees that are up to 20 percent lower, as well as faster than ever transaction speeds.”  For sending and receiving bitcoin, Bitfinex users have been provided with SegWit enabled bitcoin wallets.  Coinbase’s GDAX also made a similar statement, with the product manager at the company, Alex Sieke, publishing a  blog post  of his own. As of now, all bitcoin moving in and out of Coinbase and Bitfinex happens through a SegWit enabled address, allowing for smaller transaction size overhead and consequently, lower fees to be accomodated in a mined block.  Apart from these exchanges, ShapeShift, a popular service used to trade one cryptocurrency for another, also rolled out support for  transaction batching  on February 22, 2018. The company was already one of the only large scale SegWit adopters in October 2017, when adoption for the feature was almost non-existent. Support for both, transaction batching as well as SegWit, means that ShapeShift is currently using the most efficient means of transferring bitcoin between wallets.  As predicted, increased SegWit adoption has had a remarkable impact on bitcoin network fees. While fees were already lower than they had been throughout 2017, thanks in part to falling transaction volume, the migration to the improved protocol improved the situation further still. For instance, as of the time of writing this article, transfers can be completed for a few cents each, a far cry from the astronomical tens of dollars seen last year. A Reddit user even claimed to  have transferred  $16,000 worth of bitcoin (~2 BTC) for as little as $0.20 in fees.  Perhaps motivated by the reduced network congestion, cryptocurrency exchanges also began competing to offer the lowest bitcoin withdrawal fees. On March 1, 2018, Binance  tweeted  a 50 percent reduction to 0.0005 BTC per withdrawal, a move that was soon  matched  by Kraken. The next day, Bitfinex decided to follow suit as well and  slashed  its withdrawal fee by 33 percent, bringing their amount to 0.0004 BTC.  ShapeShift, however, currently offers the  lowest withdrawal fee  out of all exchanges, at a mere 0.0001 BTC.  The bitcoin mempool, an aggregate size of all pending transactions waiting to be mined, also saw a noticeable reduction in size once the exchanges had successfully migrated their infrastructure over to SegWit. Since mempool size has a rather large influence on transfer costs, this event has allowed transactions with fees as little as 1  satoshi/byte  to also be cleared relatively quickly.  Cryptocurrency fees were arguably a hotly debated and contested topic throughout 2017, as is evidenced by the birth of several new cryptocurrencies through hard forks. Chief among these was  Bitcoin Cash , that saw a group of bitcoin supporters create a currency identical to bitcoin with the exception of a larger block size, from 1MB to 8MB. Many core bitcoin developers and followers, on the other hand, have opposed this ideology, stating that the move would lead to centralization.  The Bitcoin development community also intends to develop second layer platforms, such as the  Lightning Network , as a solution to the  scalability problem .  SegWit, along with the upcoming  Lightning Network , could be bad news for bitcoin forks and other cryptocurrencies that were otherwise identical clones. For smaller transaction sizes, Bitcoin Cash fees have already exceeded that of bitcoin due to the shrinking mempool. It is clear that Bitcoin Cash developers will have to find a solution to compete. However, if transaction fees are somehow linked to bitcoin prices, as proposed by  coinmetrics , not much can be said about the current situation until the currency breaches its previous all time high once again.  
INCREASE	   The Bulls Are Back, Trump ’s Petro Ban Backfires and Karmic Justice: This Week in Crypto Twitter  Make sure you check out last weeks post  here , now let’s go over what happened in crypto this week.   Price Watch:  Bitcoin  is up 15%  this week after a slight gain  last week  and a nearly 20% drop the week  before . After stabilizing at  $7,100  earlier this week, the price rocketed  above $8,000  in a dramatic green candle. The price has hit a  sell wall  over the $8,00 mark, but analysts are  optimistic . For the first time in  a few weeks , we ’ve seen  major personalities  revealing huge price targets in a manner similar to the end of 2017. Despite the price rise,  bitcoin dominance  fell slightly marking a reversal of  last weeks gains . Ethereum is up 30% this week.  The currency was flat  last week  and experienced  several weeks  of double-digit drops in the weeks prior. Technical analysts are  optimistic  that the rally will continue. Those more keen on fundamental analysis will point to Golem  going live this week . The entire crypto market gained 20%  this week briefly bringing the total market cap over $325 billion. This comes after early gains of  $20 billion  earlier in the week and is no doubt due to  bitcoins fantastic price rally  earlier this week. The dramatic gains come after  several  weeks  of the price staying sideways at the $250 billion level.  Crackdowns:  Trump ’s crackdown on Petro backfires:  A Venezuelan government representative  thanked Trump  for the free publicity that came from his  ban on Petro . The representative further claimed that Trump ’s  executive order  has even managed to raise investor interest in the U.S. These statements should be taken with some hesitation, as the Venezuelans are suspected of making  false statements  surrounding the  “ $5 billion ” raised by Petro ’s presale earlier this year. In any case, Venezuela has made some bold predictions for the future stating Petro ’s impact would be felt within  “ three to six months “. Pakistan  banned banks  from transferring cryptocurrencies  this week in a move that closely followed neighbor and  on-again-off-again enemy  India ’s  ban  last week. The move in Pakistan is expected to be just as controversial (and  ambiguous ) as  India ’s . The move follows similar actions by  Bolivia ,  China ,  Ecuador ,  Colombia ,  Russia ,  Vietnam ,  Bangladesh ,  Nigeria , and others although these bans have taken  various forms . JP Morgan sued over fees : In what has been called a form of karmic justice for J.P. Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon who called  bitcoin  a  “fraud ”, the firm he runs has been hit with a  class action lawsuit  surrounding hidden fees users incur when using credit cards to buy Bitcoin. Bitfinex investigated over money laundering:  Polish authorities have revealed that Bitfinex has  been implicated  in an investigation into the laundering of zł 1.27 billion Polish złotys (~$371 million). The laundered money is said to belong to Colombian drug cartels. Colombia  banned  cryptocurrencies in late 2016 citing money laundering concerns.  Forks:  Nano lawsuit demands fork:  A class action lawsuit filed by victims of a breach against exchange  BitGrail  aims to force the developers of  Nano  (XRB) to create a hard fork which would return lost assets to investors. Normally security is the asset holders responsibility, but the developers appear to have explicitly endorsed the exchange citing a close relationship with BitGrail  founder .  Questions  have been posed over whether or not the attack happened and many have pointed fingers exclusively at BitGrail. If this lawsuit is won by the plaintiffs it could set a dangerous precedent for future hacks. Vitalik opposes hard fork that would stop ASIC mining:  After  EIP   that sought to slow down Ethereum centralization by stopping  ASIC miners  became wildly popular, Ethereum co-founder Vitalik urged the community to exercise some restraint. With the memory of  Moner ’s   5x hard fork  , it ’s completely reasonable to fear a split in the community and a detraction from  “more important things ”.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Surges 5% to $8,450 as Cryptocurrency Market Eyes $350 Billion Twitter  The bitcoin price has surged to $8,450 after recording a 5 percent increase within the past 24 hours. The cryptocurrency market is eyeing a move towards the $350 billion region and it has already crossed $334 billion.   Is the Bull Market Back?  It is too early to confirm whether the bitcoin price can continue its bull run throughout April and potentially to the $10,000. Bitcoin is still down 50 percent from its all-time high at $19,000, and traders expect the bitcoin price to surpass $12,000 before it can eye a move towards its all-time high. Hence, bitcoin is still at its early stage of recovery.  However, it is optimistic that within a short period of time, the bitcoin price increased from $6,500 to $8,400, initiating a swift recovery for the first time since mid March. The valuation of the cryptocurrency market has also achieved a monthly high at $335 billion and if the market can sustain some momentum throughout April, it is possible that it could achieve a two-month high at $400 billion.  Over the past week, many alternative cryptocurrencies (altcoins) like 0x, OmiseGo, STORM, and WanChain have outperformed bitcoin. The strengthening in the momentum of altcoins is an optimistic indicator of overall market stability, as investors are willing to take more risks and invest in highly volatile assets with relatively low liquidity instead of bitcoin.  Several analysts have recently stated that the price surge of bitcoin may be attributable to the end of the tax season of the US, as Wall Street analyst Tom Lee previously stated.  “The selling pressure associated with tax day has subsided right now. As people get their tax returns, there may be new money entering the market,”  said cryptocurrency software company Dash Core CEO Ryan Taylor.  In early April, Lee echoed a similar stance as Taylor and predicted the price of bitcoin to increase as soon as the tax season comes to an end, as investors in the US could owe as much as $25 billion in taxes to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  Lee told CNBC:  “This is a massive outflow from crypto to USD and historical estimates are each $1 of USD outflow is $20-$25 impact on crypto market value. Additionally, we believe there is selling pressure by crypto exchanges who are subject to income tax in U.S. jurisdictions. Many exchanges have net income in 2017 [of more than] $1 billion and keep working capital in [bitcoin]/[ethereum], not USD — hence, to meet these tax liabilities, are selling BTC/ETH. ”  South Korea Pump  South Korea’s financial sector and cryptocurrency market are both massively influenced by word of mouth. The South Korean market is described by local investors as a copper pan, because it heats up very easily and cools down quick. When the cryptocurrency market fell by large margins in February, public figures went as far to apologize about their investments in the cryptocurrency space, because many investors lost money from it.  If regions like South Korea and Japan begin to initiate another bull rally for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, the market could significantly improve in terms of liquidity, adoption, and stability.  
INCREASE	   Brazilian Crypto Businesses, Exchanges Create “Rival” Cryptocurrency Associations Twitter  Brazil’s largest cryptocurrency exchanges, including Bitcointrade, Mercado Bitcoin,  Foxbit , and others, recently joined forces to create a  cryptocurrency association  whose goal is to defend the interests of cryptocurrency users. The organization, dubbed Associação Brasileira de Criptoeconomia (ABCripto) recently found out other companies created a “rival” association.  Headed by fintech firm Atlas Project, other crypto-related companies seemingly joined forces to create another organization, dubbed Associação Brasileira de Criptomoedas e Blockchain (ABCB).  According to local news outlet  Portal do Bitcoin , the two projects seemingly have different takes on potential cryptocurrency regulations, but believe they should work together. Natalia Garcia, ABCripto’s vice president, revealed she recently found out about ABCB.  Garcia’s association will reportedly start working with the country’s cryptocurrency  exchanges , along with other firms, in “two to three weeks.” Speaking to the publication, she stated (roughly translated):  “I ’m concerned an association does not have any relevant exchanges. Everybody on the market knew we were building an association and getting ready to talk to other players in the market.”  ABCripto’s goal is to create various categories, so a large number of crypto-related businesses can join it. The association is set to advocate for cryptocurrencies to be regulated as assets in the country. Garcia revealed it’s currently “looking for regulators so they can tell us the best way to regulate.”  ABCB, on the other hand, hasn’t yet taken a position on how cryptocurrencies should be regulated in  Brazil . Per the association’s president, Fernando Furlan, the association will “defend the cryptocurrency markets in Brazil, defend privacy, and regulations that won’t end innovation.”  ABCB is set to become a venue that’ll help guide its partners through a set of principles, while providing regulatory assistance. It’ll connect authorities and regulators to crypto businesses, promoting the debate.  Regarding regulations, Furlan stated:  “There is legal uncertainty. Depending on the purpose, it may be considered a means of payment or a financial asset.  “  ABCB has reportedly been “under construction” since October 2017, roughly a month before ABCripto was founded. The organizations have revealed they could open a “communication channel to work together for the good of the country.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   An Ethereum Blockchain Is Restoring the Identity of Syrian Refugees Twitter  This sounds like the type of social impact that the blockchain pioneers were talking about when they designed the technology. Just as Syria has gotten the world ’s attention for a suspected horrific chemical attack on its citizens, refugees who have fled the war-torn nation for refuge in bordering Jordan have stumbled upon a humanitarian program using cutting-edge blockchain technology to keep their data private. It ’s dubbed Building Blocks, and it ’s been developed by the UN ’s World Food Programme (WFP) alongside some industry partners.  The story is told by MIT Technology Review, which spotlights the Azraq Refugee camp comprised of tens of thousands of fleeing Syrians who have made a Jordanian settlement home just miles from the Syrian border where they left their fear-filled lives behind. The refugees are part of a project involving a  “ private fork  of the Ethereum blockchain ” in which they  “redeem their WFP-provided assistance ” for daily transactions at retailers with blockchain technology and their personal data is being kept secure.  For example, the MIT Tech story gives the example of one refugee who visits the local Jordanian supermarket, where he pays for his transaction basically by providing a selfie with the camera at checkout. It ’s called  “EyePay ” because the image of his eyes identify him.  Social and Economic Benefits  The benefits are both social and economic, the impact of which could shape the lives of generations to come. From a humanitarian perspective, these individuals who have left everything behind in their war-torn nations are being given a chance to rebuild their lives.  The crisis has left these refugees out in the cold when it comes to entering the workforce or perhaps even investing, where with know-your-customer and identity verification standards makes moving forward nearly impossible. But the public-ledger-fueled program gives a digital identity to people who have no formal form of ID, no proof of residence, etc.  The architect behind the program, Houman Haddad, hopes to see these Syrian refugees one day be able to transact from a single digital wallet comprised of a record of their purchase history, identification and  “access to financial accounts ” via a blockchain-fueled ID system, as per MIT Technology.  Meanwhile, Building Blocks has turned the typical approach to humanitarian aid on its head. For instance, the WFP would usually deliver food to people like the Syrian refugees in the Jordanian camp. But instead, they ’re empowering these individuals by giving them money instead. The blockchain-fueled program cuts out much of the friction tied to bank transfers and the fees that accompany them, as evidenced by a 98% reduction in those costs. That leaves the refugees more money with which to rebuild their lives.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin: The Return of The Volume Twitter   “Everything is going as I foreseen”  is probably one of the most epic lines I can remember, not only because those words were spoken by the dark overlord ruling the galaxy just before his demise, but also because it mirrors so many brilliant human minds, when voicing their opinions on fields of which they are experts; of course bitcoin is no different:  “I’m sure of something, therefore (insert whatever prediction you think is right)”  –this article shouldn’t be taken as financial advisement as it represents my personal opinion and views. I have savings invested in cryptocurrency so take whatever I write with a grain of salt. Do not invest what you cannot afford to lose and always read as much as possible about a project before investing. You’re always responsible for your own money –  Most of you  have seen this  little, tiny, minuscule, almost invisible jump in volume that happen on the 12 th  April 2018. So far, it has been the singular highest jump in volume ever seen as market cap went from ~ $270 Billion to ~ $300 Billion. It means around $30 Billion were added to the market in less than 3 hours.   Bitcoin’s dominance remains over 40% and I suspect it will continue to rise as most money that just entered the market should be institutional. There are some strong contenders,  like Ripple , due to the nature of the backers (mainly banks and financial institutions).  Nevertheless, there are two ways of looking at this, in my own personal opinion:  Either the money that just entered the market stays with  the King , or It’s distributed among preferential projects (top-10 I would bet on).  Because there is currently a huge time gap between technological developments and price, meaning price moves due to pure speculation rather than technological advancements or issues that arise. If you think differently look at the examples of  IOTA  or  Verge  which have been hacked, however prices of both coins kept rising afterwards. Heck, think about bitcoin: when did the price hit its maximum valuation? At the same time  fees were the highest ever.  Price is dictated by volume and what happened was a grand spike in smart-money coming into the market . Maybe some of the money that left at the end of January is coming back.     Should we expect the price to continue rising?  Some technical analysts believe price will continue to rise . Then again, the opposite might happen depending on many factors:  Geopolitical tensions between Russia and the U.S. will most definitely shake-up traditional markets. This will no doubt influence the amount of money available to invest in the cryptocurrency market. I’m just not sure how this will affect all markets as at the end, there might be a surprising shift; people could begin to trust more in bitcoin due to its security, resilience and the fact it ’s independent from governments and economies. Investors going short on bitcoin got destroyed  and likely lost a lot of money. What can counter this is the  CME Bitcoin contracts futures price , as I expect the futures’ volume to rise exponentially. Why? That’s easy: because it’s profitable for those investing in both markets.   News sources . When many  positive news start to arrive  we usually see a growing euphoria and hype  (check google trends)  from dumb-money entering the market leading to massive price runs. I see no reason for this to be different this time. If history taught us something is that it  “repeats”  itself, going around and around in circles. Small technological hops ( pun intended ) will play a massive role in the long-term future, as bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are being given time to prepare for adoption worldwide. Hopefully exchanges won’t need to block new hordes of users signing up, bitcoin’s lightning network will be fully operational and segwit adopted by most mining agents and trading platforms.  We cannot forget price is crucial to bring new people into the market, but to keep those users technology must answer today’s problems. People do not care if money is centralized, decentralized, distributed, digital, or physical; People care about:  How can I get that money? How much do I pay to store and transfer that money?  For truly massive adoption either the bitcoin team thinks of a way to easily distribute it among where is needed, this is, in countries where banking is limited for example, or a benign group of people develops a way to distribute the currency directly to people in exchange for something, other than money (time, attention, services, etc). I understand those who think until this currency is used by business worldwide it’s a joke. I get it, I truly do, however if the purpose of this cryptocurrency is to bank the un-banked and to be successful in connecting communities worldwide by allowing anyone to transfer and store value over the internet, then maybe the right way to do this would be to simply find ways to trade bitcoin for time and services in those places.  –note: i did not mention the question  “how long does that money take to get to another account? ”  as the current banking system needs 3-5 business days for international transfers to take place. When the bitcoin network is clogged, i have personally waited around 24h for a bitcoin transfer to get approved. It still beats the banking system for personal transactions, which is the final aim of this cryptocurrency (in my opinion) –  Easier said than done    The reality, of course, is that acceptance dictates the rules of the game; businesses  have to start pushing cryptocurrencies by accepting them. At the end of the day for cryptocurrency to be used, all intervening agents must participate.  We must not forget there will always be two sides to the same coin:  Should we focus solely on price and volume, to master our gains? Or Should we focus in improving technology scalability and marketing, to achieve worldwide adoption?  Doing one alone would be unwise as balancing both seems to be the right way for the market to grow. My only hope is that the entire community keeps improving the consensus in bitcoin (and other cryptocurrencies), never forgetting its true purpose:  To empower those who are financially invisible.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ICO Relief: Louisiana City Considers Own Cryptocurrency in Face of Funding Woes Twitter  The mayor of Lafayette, Louisiana has proposed the city create its own cryptocurrency to raise money for public finance, taking a cue from  Berkeley , California, according to  The Acadia Advocate . Such blockchain-based municipal borrowing, should it materialize, could revolutionize local funding in the U.S. and beyond.  Joel Robideaux, Lafayette ’s mayor-president, made the proposal during his annual address at the Heymann Center, calling his city a technology hub that will diversify the local economy and upgrade government services. The city is currently in severe economic straights and plans are in the works for additional taxes.  Alternative Public Financing  Robideaux, like his counterparts in Berkeley, sees cryptocurrency as a way to finance public works and allow citizens to participate in the financing. He called cryptocurrency an alternative for financing public infrastructure.  Robideaux said he was recognizing that the realm of banking, finance and payment systems has changed forever, and that government, healthcare and “possibly every industry” is soon to be disrupted. He dismissed the idea that cryptocurrency is being promoted by global libertarians seeking unregulated and untraceable digital currency transactions.  Unlike Berkeley planners, however, Robideaux gave no details on how his proposal for cryptocurrency application to municipal finance will work, or how he will motivate investors to support his vision.  Berkeley, by contrast, plans to back its cryptocurrency with municipal bonds and to offer crypto enabled  “microbonds” to support affordable housing and homeless projects.  Robideaux Seeks A Blockchain Lab  Robideaux said an  ICO  will fund a “living lab” of blockchain developers, but he did not explain what the lab would cost, what it would specifically consist of and where it would be located.  He said the city has to diversify its economy to address the unemployment that has resulted from the 2014 oil crash. He also encouraged citizens to consider artificial intelligence, machine learning and augmented reality applications to local government, technologies he said could lead to improved stormwater management, traffic lights that change in real time and more transpare nt local government.  Robideaux said the city’s cultural economy already exists and will become the stabilizing force in its budget.  Meanwhile, the budget remains in a crisis mode as the general fund has been decimated.  Also read:  Berkeley ICO: Can a city solve housing shortages and avoid Trump through blockchain?  Berkeley Charts New Territory  Whilst Berkeley’s cryptocurrency project is still in the developmental stage,  councilors in Berkeley have partnered with the mayor, Jesse Arreguin , along with a tech startup called Neighborly – with software engineering support from Berkeley’s UC Blockchain Laboratory – to develop the technology. The goal is to offer an ICO that would promote transactions within the local area.  The scheme allows for Berkeley to build on blockchain to provide its citizenry with homes fit for human habitation, that are affordable and accessible, based on a bespoke Berkeley UC/City bond scheme, that could create a low-to-middle income economic boost in the area.  Transferring the municipal bond market to a digital platform will create a more efficient process than the paper-based process involving multiple stakeholders, Berkeley Councillor Ben Bartlett told  Citylab . The city can create a public ledger that displays financial statements and cuts out the middle man, he said, which reduces the transaction costs normally associated with bond issuances.  Berkeley’s cryptocurrency is not a speculation tool, said Bartlett. It is a special purpose vehicle with the key distinction that it’s backed by a real asset.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Australian Cryptocurrency Exchanges are Under Regulation, Starting Today Twitter  Australia’s financial intelligence agency and watchdog has reminded domestic cryptocurrency exchanges of their new regulatory obligations that includes registration, effective today.  In an  announcement  today, the Australian Transactions and Reporting Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC) has told domestic DCE (digital currency exchange) businesses of their mandatory requirement to meet anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing (AML/CTF) obligations that go into effect today, April 3, 2018.  The agency has reminded cryptocurrency exchanges of adhering to obligatory requirements that include:  adopting and maintaining an AML/CTF program to identify, mitigate and manage money laundering and terrorism financing risks identifying and verifying the identities of their customers reporting to AUSTRAC suspicious matters, and transactions involving physical currency of $10,000 or more keeping certain records for seven years.  The authority said a new ‘policy principles’ period will kick in for six months starting today wherein the chief executive of AUSTRAC will have the authority to take action against crypto exchanges if the operator fails to take ‘reasonable steps’ to comply with the requirements.  Existing crypto exchange operators are reminded to enroll on the ‘Digital Currency Exchange Register’, maintained by AUSTRAC, by May 14, 2018. AUSTRAC is establishing ‘transitional registration arrangements’ to enable existing operators to continue their businesses while their applications are being screened.  The authority added, sternly:  There will be criminal offence and civil penalty consequences if you provide digital currency exchange services without being registered.  As  reported  by CCN in August 2017, Australia’s justice minister Michael Keenan announced the government’s move in regulating domestic cryptocurrency exchanges, a first for the nation. Under the country’s reformed (and strengthened) money laundering laws, exchange platforms facilitating the trading of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin will be regulated under the purview of AUSTRAC, the country ’s financial intelligence agency.  AUSTRAC’s authority was enhanced following legislation passed in December 2017, authorizing the authority to  monitor  cryptocurrency exchanges.  Cryptocurrency exchange providers can enroll and register their business  here .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Google Bans All Cryptocurrency Mining Extensions from Chrome Store Twitter  Google has dealt cryptocurrency mining extensions a blow by banning all mining programs from the Chrome Web Store.  These extensions have proved controversial in recent months, with many Chrome extensions harnessing the processing power of unsuspecting internet users to mine cryptocurrency remotely without their knowledge, an activity which slows down user devices.  Archive Poster , a popular Chrome extension supposedly designed for managing Tumblr posts, was discovered to be mining Monero from hundreds of thousands of different devices in secret and without permission, a malicious activity now known as  “cryptojacking ”. An Android app was  caught cryptojacking millions of devices  in January, also mining Monero.  While Google had already banned malicious cryptojacking apps, the recent ban takes things a step further with a blanket ban that removes all extensions designed for mining, even those openly designed for that purpose. Google released a  statement  yesterday outlining the reasons behind the ban, saying  “90% of all extensions with mining scripts that developers have attempted to upload to Chrome Web Store have failed to comply ” with their new mining policies, recently implemented to deter malicious mining extensions. As of yesterday, no new cryptomining extensions are being accepted, and existing extensions will all be delisted by late June. Google clarified that blockchain extensions with non-mining functions were still welcome and under no threat at this time.  Cryptomining extensions were arguably popularised by torrent site  The Pirate Bay , which began harnessing user ’s CPU power last year in an attempt to monetize the site. Since then, bad actors have attempted to capitalize on the trend through malicious apps and extensions that are now making it difficult for legitimate versions to survive.  Casual users weren ’t the only ones to fall prey to covert cryptomining operations recently  – a  Russian nuclear facility  was allegedly compromised by its own staff when one of Russia ’s most powerful supercomputers was discovered to have covert cryptomining software installed and operating. The nuclear supercomputer is supposed to remain offline at all times for security purposes, and the breach was apparently discovered when the scientists allegedly attempted to connect the computer to the Internet,  Tesla  fell prey to a cryptojacking incident recently along with  government websites  throughout the US, UK and Australia  – even  Google ’s own DoubleClick Ad service  was used to illegally distribute mining software to unsuspecting users. While many casual internet users would reportedly be glad to  sacrifice some CPU power i n exchange for ad-free browsing, the ban will force at least 200 million Chrome users to look elsewhere.  The decision comes in quick succession after  Google’s decision to ban ICO advertisements  starting from June, with  Twitter  and  Snapchat  following suit.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum ASIC Miners Set to Hit the Market as Bitmain Begins Taking Preorders Twitter  The first Ethereum ASIC miners are about to hit the market, ushering in a new  — and potentially disruptive  — era for the second-largest cryptocurrency.  Chinese mining hardware manufacturer Bitmain announced on Tuesday that it was accepting preorders for the Antminer E3, which is believed to be the first ASIC miner compatible with the Ethash Proof-of-Work (PoW) consensus algorithm.   We are pleased to announce the Antminer E3, world 's most powerful and efficient EtHash ASIC miner.  Ordering limit of one miner per user and not available in China. Limited stock, order here now:  https://t.co/Zfw3afjJHs #antminerE3   pic.twitter.com/SjHu2eUThp  — BITMAIN (@BITMAINtech)  April 3, 2018   These are the first Ethash miners capable of using Application Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC) chips, which are dramatically more efficient than the general purpose GPU chips currently used to mine Ethereum, Ethereum Classic, and other Ethash-based cryptocurrencies.  But though Ethash was formerly ASIC-resistant, the announcement did not come as a surprise. As CCN  reported , Wall Street research firm Susquehanna revealed in a recent note to clients that it had confirmed Bitmain’s development of the Antminer E3 during a recent trip to Asia. Smaller manufacturers are also reportedly developing Ethash ASICs, though it is not clear when these will see a production release.  Bitmain advertises that the Antminer E3 will generate at least 180 MH/s. Though the miners have not yet reached the market, it is likely that Bitmain has already been using them privately, which  — along with last year ’s price uptrend  — helps explain Ethereum’s dramatic hash rate increase in recent months.  Source: Etherscan  Though some people view ASIC development as a net positive for the industry, others argue that ASICs centralize hashpower into the hands of a few corporations  — specifically Bitmain, whose  dominance  is currently unrivaled.  The Antminer E3’s release will likely intensify calls for Ethereum to execute a hard fork to  restore ASIC resistance , as Monero recently did in  response  to Bitmain’s release of a Cryptonight ASIC miner.  An  Ethereum Improvement Proposal  (EIP) drafted by developer Piper Merriam and published last week asked users to vote on whether they would support a fork to restore ASIC resistance. At the time of writing, the post had 934 upvotes and 37 downvotes  — that ’s 96 percent in favor and just four percent opposed.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Declaring Your Bitcoin Cash: The Tax Implications from Cryptocurrency Hard Forks Twitter  In August of last year, Bitcoin Cash forked from the Bitcoin blockchain. This process basically splits Bitcoin into two separate coins: Bitcoin (“BTC”) and Bitcoin Cash (“BCH”). When this occurred, everyone who held Bitcoin in a compatible wallet or exchange became entitled to claim an equivalent amount of Bitcoin Cash.   At the time of writing this article, a BCH coin would cost you around $700. Anyone who received the coin for free because they held BTC at the time of the fork is celebrating the coin’s success. Many investors may not even know that they are entitled to claim the coin since doing so often requires specific technical expertise. However, BCH can be claimed by any eligible investo r at any time.   The success of Bitcoin Cash has been a windfall to many Bitcoin investors. Now that tax season is upon us; these investors must be sure to properly report their Bitcoin Cash to the IRS. In fact, Bitcoin holders need to understand how to report the receipt of any new currencies they receive as a result of recent and upcoming Bitcoin forks. This is true even for forked coins that  you have not yet redeemed.   A common question: Many people claim that you have to report the Bitcoin Cash as income at the time of receipt. But does that really understand the process by which it is generated and is there a better analogy in the IRS codes?  When the software that supports a coin forks, the resources that supported the coin ecosystem also fork. Since they can no longer solve Bitcoin transaction problems and update ledgers, a new coin comes into existence. To encourage acceptance and recognize the resources that are pulled from the old coin to the new coin, a deposit is made available for anyone holding Bitcoin (or  other coins that fork) of the new coin.   A better analogy is that of a stock spin-off. Resources that formerly supported Bitcoin are now split to support Bitcoin Cash. Very similar to what happens when a company splits off a portion of their assets into a new company. You get stock in the new company in proportion to the stock you held in the old company. Typically the cost basis is allocated between the old and new s tock. When the stock is sold a gain or loss is recognized.   Establishing the cost basis of the new coin can be difficult. Since we know the total cost basis of the new and old coin cannot exceed 100%, we have two choices to make.   Establish a complex formula to determine cost basis that varies with the time of receipt (since not everyone got the coin at the same time) and making it nearly impossible to track the cost basis of the original coin…. Or  Use the conservative approach of leaving 100% of the cost basis with the original coin and using a zero cost basis for the new coin. This method is the preferred one.  With many forks on the horizon for 2018, this can get complicated quickly. If you hold Bitcoin, be sure to consult with a tax professional to make sure you understand how, what, and when you need to disclose information about forked coins to the IRS.   Even if you haven’t claimed a forked coin you’re entitled to; a virtual currency split may be a taxable event in itself. Bitcoin investors can count on Happy Tax for the tax planning and preparation services they need to keep the IRS off their backs. The trained cryptocurrency accountants at Happy Tax can help you understand how forked coins fit into your larger portfolio. Also , they can help you plan your tax liability for upcoming forked coins you have an eye on. By planning ahead, you can avoid a potentially costly misstep in handling your taxable cryptocurrency assets.  This is a guest article written by  Happy Tax ,  a U.S. based tax firm which has a crypto-specific service .   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘S-Coin’: Seoul Mayor Floats Launching Cryptocurrency for South Korea’s Capital City Twitter  One of the world’s largest cities may soon have its own cryptocurrency, at least if Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon succeeds in his bid to launch  “S-Coin. ”  Park, who will seek a third term as mayor in the June elections, told  CoinDesk Korea  that S-Coin  — as the cryptocurrency is tentatively named  — could be used as a payment mechanism in the South Korean capital to fund public welfare programs or compensate private contractors.  “Seoul is one of the cities that are leading the Fourth Industrial Revolution, ” Park said, according to a translation in the  Korea Times .  “So it ’s natural (for the city) to study and invest in new technologies such as blockchain. ”  Though he did not give further specifics on S-Coin, Park said that the initiative is a core component of the city’s new “Blockchain master plan,” which will see the metropolis publish clear regulatory guidelines on cryptocurrency and devote public resources toward cultivating a thriving blockchain development sector.  Assuming Park’s plan comes to fruition, Seoul will be the largest city to adopt its own cryptocurrency. However, it may not be the first.  Dubai is reportedly developing a blockchain-based digital currency called “ emCash ” that will be legal tender for both public and private debts.  Several smaller cities, including Berkeley, CA, have also floated using cryptocurrencies to  tokenize  municipal bonds.  National governments have also begun to eye cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology as potential solutions for digitizing their fiat currencies.  Venezuela famously began distributing its NEM-based “ Petro ” cryptocurrency through an initial coin offering (ICO) in January. Though some analysts still doubt whether the Petro actually exists, the country has marketed the token as a tool to evade US economic sanctions, and other countries  — including Russia, Turkey, and Iran  — have discussed adopting state-backed cryptocurrencies for similar reasons.  More recently  — and for less illicit purposes  –the Marshall Islands has passed legislation that will see the island nation  launch its own cryptocurrency  to phase out its reliance on the US dollar.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Illegal Bitcoin Mining Operation Tapping Cheap Power Busted in South Korea Twitter  South Korean police have arrested over a dozen individuals involved in an illegal bitcoin mining operation that used cheap electricity afforded to industrial complexes.  The metropolitan police agency of Gwangju, a city in country’s south, has revealed details of alleged illegal mining activities undertaken by 14 individuals from 14 companies in four separate industrial complexes in the city.  Six companies were located in Hanam Industrial complex, three in Nano Industrial Complex, three more in Pyeongdong Industrial Complex and one in Jeongok  Industrial Complex.  As reported by Korean news agency  Yonhap , companies operating within the industrial complexes gain benefits in subsidized rental and electricity costs. Power tariffs, in particular, are 10% cheaper for companies in industrial complexes, as opposed to companies located elsewhere.  The report claims that police have accused the fourteen companies of illegally mining cryptocurrencies like bitcoin since May 2017. Each company reportedly installed between 100-350 bitcoin miners within their premises of their industrial complexes, which the metropolitan police say is in violation of factory rules.  The incident isn’t the first time where cryptocurrency miners have seen accusations of illegally benefiting from cheaper power tariffs in South Korea, a country that is firmly among the world’s largest crypto trading markets.  A Seoul-based shopping mall took a notable measure of  banning  its own merchants from mining cryptocurrencies in their stores last year. Citing complaints about power consumption and room temperatures as well as concerns of a fire hazard, Yongsan Electronics Market moved to outlaw the activity among its vendors who used their own GPUs to mine cryptocurrency.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Surges 6% to $7,350 as Cryptocurrency Market Gains $10 Billion Twitter  After recording a rebound from $6,500 to $7,000 on April 2, the price of bitcoin has surged 6 percent again today, on April 4, as the entire cryptocurrency market recorded a daily gain of $10 billion.  While several smaller cryptocurrencies like Steem and VeChain have outperformed bitcoin with a 50% and 25% increase in value, major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, and EOS have performed generally well over the past few days.  Bitcoin’s Run  Since March 30, for about 4 days, bitcoin has not been able to surpass the $7,350 mark, due to low volumes and lack of demand on most major cryptocurrencies. Over the past 12 hours, buy volumes have spiked on Bitfinex, Binance, and other trading platforms, as seen below in the bitcoin 30-minute candle chart.   On March 25, the price of bitcoin achieved $9,000, with relatively strong volumes on both the bitcoin futures market and cryptocurrency exchanges. However, since then, bitcoin has been on a continuous decline. Bitcoin tested several levels, including $8,800 and $8,000, but failed to sustain momentum and dropped to $6,400.  Over the next few days, if bitcoin can sustain its volume and surpass the $7,500 margin, it is likely that bitcoin could make a move back to the $8,000 region, moving to where it was five days ago. Its entrance to the $8,000 region could lead bitcoin to prepare for a strong rally.  Currently, the the Relative Strength Index (RSI) of bitcoin is at 39.2, which is at a neutral level. Previously, the RSI of bitcoin was at 30, signifying oversold conditions. At the time of reporting, bitcoin is being traded in a neutral zone, and the cryptocurrency has not demonstrated overwhelming demand or sell volumes.  Consequently, the next few days could be an important short-term period for bitcoin, as it has increased by more than $700 over the past 48 hours, and it is starting to gain some momentum, according to bitcoin’s moving average convergence divergence (MACD).  Jon Matonis, a well recognized investor, co-founder at Bitcoin Foundation, and an executive at VISA, stated that in the mid-term, the entrance of financial institutions like Goldman Sachs could lead to a surge in demand towards bitcoin. If the dominant cryptocurrency can recover from its current bear cycle, analysts like Matonis predict a bull run for bitcoin later this year.  “I think it’s fabulous that they’re getting into it because it brings in new liquidity. They’re going to develop futures markets, options markets, I even think you’re going to start to see interest rate markets around bitcoin. We’re used to hearing things about Libor, the index for bitcoin interest rates is Bibor,”  said Matonis.  ICOs  Earlier today, Nathaniel Poppers from the New York Times reported that the founders of an ICO called Centra were arrested for distributing securities without the authorization from the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). If the SEC continues to crackdown on ICOs, it could lead to a decline in activity within the global ICO ecosystem, and ultimately the value of Ethereum as well.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Mysterious Developer bitPico Claims Responsibility for Lightning Network DoS Attack Twitter  Mysterious Bitcoin developer bitPico has confirmed rumors that they have launched an attack against the Lightning Network’s nascent mainnet implementation.  The pseudonymous individual or group made the announcement on the bitPico Twitter account, describing the attack as a “stress tool” for the LN software  — which  just entered beta   — and claiming that it had discovered 22 attack vectors.   The  #bitcoin   #LightningNetwork  DoS attack/test rumors are true. We did create a network stress tool for LN. The network is operating out of 8 countries running 22 attack vectors in-parallel from ~384 endpoints. Don’t trust; Verify. 💰🐳🤓🤓  pic.twitter.com/hfSHVtQo02  — ɃitPico (@bitPico)  April 3, 2018   Developers had been monitoring the attack  — a Denial-of-Service (DoS) exploit  — for nearly two weeks, which saw the previously-unidentified individuals probe the security of network nodes by flooding them with requests to open payment channels.  The attack does not appear to have a financial incentive, supporting bitPico ’s claim that it was altruistic in nature. User funds remain safe, and the method in which the attack has been carried out forces the attackers to spend their own funds spamming the network with payment channels.  Little is known about bitPico. However, the individual group raised eyebrows last year when it claimed that it would attempt to  execute the controversial SegWit2x hard fork  even after its main proponents issued a joint statement withdrawing support for the fork due to a lack of community consensus.  The threat was not carried out, and no block was ever mined on the SegWit2x network. BitPico’s social media accounts then went dark for several months, before reappearing in March with a declaration that the group had begun working on the Lightning network.  However, it’s unclear to what extent bitPico is responsible for the attacks and to what extent they are being carried out by other actors.  Though frustrating for current users, the upshot is that these attacks are shedding light on potential flaws in current LN software implementations, enabling developers to invent solutions now, when the LN is used primarily by tech-savvy users and there is little money at stake. Such bugs and security holes will need to be fixed before the LN is ready for mass usage by non-deve lopers.  “Node hardening is in progress!” LN developer Alex Bosworth  tweeted  on March 25. “We’re getting a good opportunity to develop robust p2p [peer-to-peer] deployment strategies.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Is Nasdaq ’s Latest Slip Good for Cryptocurrencies? Twitter  The Nasdaq continued the fall from its  all-time high  on March 12, 2018. The Nasdaq is down nearly 10% since the high on a variety of news. The Nasdaq, which tracks tech stocks has suffered under the weight of massive losses in market capitalization by the likes of Facebook, Amazon, and Twitter. The causes, which we ’ll analyze below, are two-fold. In typical American fashion, they both revolve around Donald Trump.  The first Trump revolving drag on the Nasdaq has been the never-ending controversy over  Facebook . Facebook continues to suffer the fall out of the  Cambridge Analytica Scandal . Here ’s how the story goes:  Aleksandr Kogan ,  a data scientist, develops a Facebook survey app called  MyDigitalLife . MyDigitalLife amasses 300,000 users and has access to the data of more than 50 million of those users friends. Cambridge Analytica  employed  Aleksandr Kogan  and used this data to create personality models on these 30 million Americans The company was then able to use organic Facebook action: likes, shares, and comments to target  “persuadable ” voters, leading to the election of  Donald J. Trump Christopher Wylie   blows the whistle  on Facebook, fallout ensues.  In the days since Wylie ’s stunning accusations, both Cambridge Analytica and Facebook have both vehemently  denied  these accusations. Nonetheless the damage has been done:  Wylie  and  Zuckerberg  are testifying in front of Congress, and Zuckerberg  has been asked (and refused) to appear before Parliament; Cambridge Analytica is  being investigated  by Nigeria for the role it played in their elections, and Palantir has  launched an internal investigation   into its own employees connections to Cambridge Analytica ( a sensitive matter  in front of a potential IPO).  All this chaos has certainly done damage to Facebooks stock. Since the scandal broke, it has dropped more than 15%. The fallout of the scandal has spread beyond Facebook and is being echoed across the social media sector with Twitter following Facebook:  the stock is down by 22%  (despite not leaking any data). The scandal has, of course, raised broader questions over the sustainability of the business models of the many tech  & media giants that appear on the Fortune 500 list and shows no signs of stopping.  Further dragging on the Nasdaq is retail giant  Amazon . Amazon is the latest in a string of companies( 62 , to be exact) that Trump has attacked on  Twitter . Trump has threatened to raise shipping costs to hurt Amazon, and is even rumored to be exploring  anti-trust action  against Amazon. Some speculate the real source of the president ’s ire is Amazon CEO  Jeff Bezo ’ s ownership of the  Washington Post . Sources have said of the Washington Post that “Trump doesn’t like  The New York Times,  but he reveres it because it’s his hometown paper.  The Washington Post,  he has zero respect for ”. Essentially, Trump is waging a personal war against Bezos. Whether they  like  him or  hate  him, the stock market  reveres Donald Trump . This reverence is evinced by Amazon ’s  8% fall   over the last month.  The Nasdaq ’s slump is expected to continue over the coming weeks and the market as a whole looks like it will remain flat. So what does this mean for crypto? I set out to answer the question of how the stock market affects crypto markets in my previous post  “ How Today’s Stock Markets Crash Will Affect Cryptocurrency Markets ” and re-analyzed my conclusion in  another article  later this month. The conclusion I arrived at, by comparing the  VIX  and Bitcoin and concluding that as the market performs better, so will Bitcoin. So what ’s going on here? How can the  entire crypto market  be up when some of the biggest stocks are down double digits? Fundamentals.  My previous  article  was based on a technical analysis of the market. It turns out, this uptick might have something to do with the applications of blockchain rather than the markets themselves. Late last month, CCN contributor  Gerelyn Terzo  wrote an  article  examining how blockchain might fix the problems that plague centralized data systems like Facebook and allow users to reclaim their data. These same sentiments were echoed by the  New York Times ,  CNBC ,  CNN  and virtually every other mainstream media company. This in addition to broad market sentiment that all crypto is undervalued at current levels,  a further legitimization  of crypto and even a lawsuits against  Google ,  Facebook , and  Twitter  for banning cryptocurrency advertising have combined to create the market conditions for a  rally . We might even be starting to see the shift of crypto from a risky asset, to a hedge against centralized tech stocks that I  described  when the Dow Jones made a significant downturn last month. Only time will tell, but it ’d appear the whole market is feeling pretty good about crypto at the moment.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Hedge Funds Lose Their Luster in the Bear Market Twitter  The prolonged cryptocurrency market downturn is beginning to manifest in the once white-hot cryptocurrency hedge fund industry.  It seems like only yesterday that these funds  — targeted at accredited and institutional investors and devoted exclusively to cryptoassets  — were the taking the investment world by storm.  Mesmerized by stories of  25,000 percent single year-returns , traders quit well-paying jobs in finance en masse to seek their fortune in cryptoassets. More than 165 cryptocurrency hedge funds opened in 2017 alone, up from 19 the year prior.  Source: Bloomberg  However, new cryptocurrency hedge fund launches have slowed to a crawl in 2018. According to  Bloomberg , just 20 funds launched during the first quarter, while nine others have closed amid the downturn  — which has seen these funds decline by an average of 23 percent so far this year.  The climate is not just affecting smaller funds. Well-known funds report difficulty attracting new investors, as well as convincing current ones to enlarge their positions.  “New capital has slowed, even for a higher-profile fund like ours,” Kyle Samani, co-founder of Austin, Texas-based Multicoin Capital, told the publication.  Cryptocurrency hedge funds made astronomical returns across the board last year, perhaps making it difficult for investors to evaluate funds. Prospective investors are likely approaching these funds with much more skepticism.  Cryptocurrency Hedge Fund Index | Source: Eurekahedge  Hedge funds also generally charge large management fees. Investors may be willing to overlook these fees in a booming market, but few find paying a three percent management fee palatable when the fund itself is down more than 20 percent for the year.  However, there ’s at least one other factor at play. The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  — along with securities regulators in other countries  — have begun  targeted investigations  into initial coin offerings (ICOs), one of the primary types of assets these funds hold.  The SEC ’s ICO probe recently expanded to  include cryptocurrency hedge funds  as well, perhaps making fund managers hesitant to launch funds until the regulators provide more clarity.  Nevertheless, while fickle investors and fund managers are mulling heading for the exit, some bulls are doubling down in preparation for the next rally. Morgan Creek Capital Management, for instance, is reportedly seeking to  raise $500 million  for what would likely be the industry ’s largest cryptocurrency hedge fund.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Overstock Cancels Secondary Stock Offering after Share Price Plummets Twitter  E-commerce retailer and blockchain investment firm Overstock has shelved plans to hold a secondary stock offering after the company’s share price plunged in response to the announcement.  The  Wall Street Journal  reports that although Overstock was “pleased” with the interest in the offering, market conditions forced the company to terminate the sale.  “Given the market volatility and price we are terminating the offering,” Overstock President Saum Noursalehi told the publication in a statement, adding that the firm had conceived of the offering as an “opportunistic financing.”  Though best known as an e-retailer, Overstock has been investing in blockchain and cryptocurrency startups for several years through  Medici Ventures , its wholly-owned subsidiary. Medici has roughly a dozen portfolio companies, including  Factom ,  Ripio , and tZero  — which is in the middle of an  initial coin offering  (ICO) that Overstock expects will raise $250 million.  Due to its involvement in the blockchain space, Overstock has been characterized by some analysts as a “proxy stock” for cryptocurrencies. Its share price, unsurprisingly, has behaved accordingly, rising and falling along with the cryptocurrency market writ-large.  Source: Google Finance  In early January, Overstock shares peaked at an all-time high of $86.90. Since then, it has plummeted by 62 percent to a present value of $32.57.  This decline has largely tracked with the decline seen across the cryptocurrency markets. Bitcoin, for example, is down approximately 60 percent from its high-water mark.  However, there were two triggers that were Overstock-specific.  First, Overstock revealed that the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is  investigating tZero’s ICO  as part of its broad inquiry into the nascent fundraising model. CEO Patrick Byrne has stated that the firm was not issued a subpoena – as many ICO operators were – but has been submitting documents voluntarily. He has also maintained that tZero’s offering complies with federal securities laws.  The second trigger was the secondary stock offering, through which Overstock had planned to issue four million new shares. The company’s share price fell by 10 percent on the news since the offering would have diluted the value of the currently-existent 29 million shares.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Billions of Yen: Major Japanese Brokerage Could Rescue Crypto Exchange Coincheck Twitter  Japanese online brokerage firm Monex is reportedly considering a buyout of Tokyo-based Coincheck, the cryptocurrency exchange at the center of the recent $530 million NEM theft.  Japanese financial publication  Nikkei  is reporting an offer from online brokerage Monex Group to buy a majority stake in cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck. The offer comes ten weeks after the platform suffered an infamous hack that is now seen as the biggest cryptocurrency exchange theft of all time.  Citing sources, Nikkei says Monex is in the process of submitting an offer worth “several billion yen” – a billion yen is approximately 10 million USD  – while suggesting that Coincheck is struggling to comply with regulatory requirements and its own recovery effort following January’s theft. The exchange, which has  faced lawsuits  from disgruntled investors, has been hit by two  business improvement orders  from the Financial Services Agency (FSA), the country’s financial regulator.  ‘The deal with Monex suggests Coincheck deemed it difficult to comply with the regulatory requirements and rebuild its operations without external support’, the report said.  The publication’s claim comes despite the exchange keeping its promise of  distributing reparations  to users impacted by the NEM theft in mid-March.  Monex shares spiked over 23 percent following the report, the maximum allowed by rules mandated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange to push the company’s overall market cap to 114.3 billion yen ($1.08 billion).  Source: Bloomberg.  An excerpt from the report added:  The acquisition could put Monex on a fast track to getting a cryptocurrency exchange license by allowing it to build on Coincheck ’s client base and information systems  The report adds that both Monex and Coincheck are now seeking the FSA’s approval for the acquisition. If successful, Monex is reportedly bringing in its own management team while current Coincheck executives are expected to step down.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Canada ’s TD Bank Wants US Patent for Blockchain Point-of-Sale System Twitter  The Canadian parent conglomeration of the  9th largest bank  in the United States,  Toronto-Dominion Bank , has had a blockchain patent submitted to the US patent office since September of 2016. The  patent  covers a “virtual draft system and method” and includes the words “block chain” in such combination exactly 10 times.  The patent application, like most patent applications, uses the broadest possible language when describing blockchain technology, such that it’s not immediately evident what we’re reading about when they say something like:  [ …] a signal representing a request comprising a first transfer from a first digital container associated with a first client to a second digital container associated with a second client; compare a value of the first transfer to a total value in one or more accounts associated with the first client, wherein at least one of the one or more accounts associated with the first clie nt has a value in a first currency; and generate a first draft from a first account to an account associated with the second client, wherein the first draft comprises a value in a second currency equivalent to the value of the first transfer.  US Patent 20180089645  The patent falls under several international classifications pertaining to payments and remittance, and even things like  missed tolls .  US Patent 20180089645 is essentially talking about one part of a new point-of-sale system TD Bank either has in the works or would like to own some intellectual property surrounding. It describes a modern computer (must have processor and storage attached to qualify) which can negotiate payments between currencies.  Also read:  Canadian Bank to Offer Secure Vault for Cryptocurrencies  Virtual Draft System and Method  From the sounds, the user will have a form of payment which grants access to multiple accounts, and one of these accounts must have funds in the currency being dealt in. Another provision of the system described is that it will sometimes support  — yep  — blockchain tokens, such as Ether or Bitcoin.  This disclosure provides systems and methods for real-time drafting for transactions including a transfer of a digital asset tracked as a distributed electronic ledger, such as a block-chain ledger. A first party initiates a transaction including a transfer of a digital asset, such as a distributed ledger-based currency. The transaction is provided to a central authority for au thorization and/or real-time drafting.  Such payment forms exist today, wherein essentially all of one’s accounts can be accessed, but they are very nascent. If there’s any group which will take more interest in this development than cryptocurrency enthusiasts, it will be Paypal and similar efforts as well as other banks who may have either competing products or existing intellectual property.  Can You Patent the Blockchain?  The patent appears to carefully avoid patenting an entire blockchain network by extolling a number of “embodiments” or manners in which this system can manifest itself. Patent trolling is a storied practice in the earliest days of the 21st century, in which property rights have found all new boundaries. Someone else can own data that appears on your device, and your personal in formation can belong to a corporation based on another continent.  However, for those who fear intellectual property  and its associated frictions  with open source are on their way to the blockchain, and who’ve  raised  the alarms  for years  since the rise of Coinbase, well, their fears are not entirely unjustified. Erich Spangenberg, who’s spent his career gobbling up patents and queuing up litigation surrounding them, has started a firm specifically with the intention of consolidating blockchain IP. In  this blog  on the subject, he admits:  While tempted to just trade, at some point in 2016, it occurred to me that blockchain could have a massively beneficial impact on the patent industry and patent asset class. I had some positively stupid initial ideas, but by 2017, the crazy ideas started to slow down and the better ones took over. I began assembling the team of programmers, data scientists, communications speci alists and patent wonks we would need to implement and create a new business model that intelligently captures the power of blockchain in the patent space.  Although many computer scientists  may disagree with software patents  or the patent system as a whole, Spangenberg is certainly correct that the patent office is already dealing with crypto cases. Why, just last week Ford was issued a patent for  some kind of fuel token . And then, of course, self-proclaimed Craig “Satoshi Nakamoto” Wright has  also lined up a fair bit of business for the courts .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Knockout: SEC Charges Floyd Mayweather-backed ICO with Fraud Twitter  The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filed charges against the Centra Tech initial coin offering (ICO) on Monday, alleging that the token sale  — which was promoted by legendary boxer Floyd Mayweather  — was a fraudulent securities offering.  SEC Halts ICO, Charges Founders with Fraud  The SEC  complaint  alleges both that the Centra ICO was an unregistered securities offering and that its co-founders “engaged in fraudulent conduct and made material misstatements and omissions designed to deceive investors.”  The Miami-based company  — founded by Sohrab “Sam” Sharma and Robert Farkas  — raised $32 million through an ICO last year.  According to the SEC, Centra lied about having relationships with large financial institutions  — including Visa, Mastercard, and Bancorp  — firms which sent Centra numerous cease-and-desist letters.  Additionally several of the executives depicted in Centra’s promotional materials were fictional.  “We allege that Centra sold investors on the promise of new digital technologies by using a sophisticated marketing campaign to spin a web of lies about their supposed partnerships with legitimate businesses,” said Stephanie Avakian, Co-Director of the SEC ’s Division of Enforcement. “As the complaint alleges, these and other claims were simply false. ”  The SEC initially subpoenaed Centra in February, likely as part of its  broad probe  into ICOs.  The complaint said that both Sharma and Farkas were arrested on April 1, after the company’s bank accounts had been cleaned out; Farkas, incidentally, was attempting to board a flight leaving the country.  Centra ICO Relied on Celebrity Endorsements  The Centra ICO is perhaps best known for its use of celebrity endorsements to promote its product. Legendary boxing champion Floyd Mayweather  — who has made  paid endorsements  for several ICOs  — promoted the token sale on social media, garnering more than 1,500 retweets and 5,600 likes.  Source: Twitter/Floyd Mayweather  In addition to Mayweather, the Centra hired DJ Khaled to promote the ICO, though neither celebrity was named in the indictment.  “As we allege, the defendants relied heavily on celebrity endorsements and social media to market their scheme,” said Steve Peikin, Co-Director of the SEC ’s Division of Enforcement. “Endorsements and glossy marketing materials are no substitute for the SEC’s registration and disclosure requirements as well as diligence by investors.”  Notably, the SEC has warned that these celebrity ICO endorsements  may be illegal  if the parties do not make necessary public disclosures. Mayweather’s tweet advertising the token sale, for instance, does not indicate that it is a paid ad.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Swiss Researchers Forecast a Steep Fall for Bitcoin Price in 2018 Twitter  If Metcalfe ’s law applies, the bitcoin price has much further to fall. A group of Zurich-based researchers developed a bubble/crash report, predicting that bitcoin ’s market value,  which currently hovers  at about USD 124 billion, will be slashed by approximately 37% to no greater than USD 77 billion by year-end 2018. It ’s all based on a theory known as Metcalfe ’s law.  The findings may appear to chart the course for a bitcoin price that ’s been under pressure year-to-date amid regulatory pushback from major bitcoin markets around the world. But by the same token, the bitcoin fog may be nothing that greater regulatory clarity could clear up. After all, the markets don ’t like uncertainty.  So what is Metcalfe ’s law, you may be wondering? It ’s a theory introduced by Ethernet founder Bob Metcalfe from the 1980s stating  “the value of a network is proportional to the square of the number of nodes, ” also known as the  “network effect. ” While stocks rely on fundamentals such as P/E ratios, the Swiss researchers believe that  “if Metcalfe ’s law holds here, ” valuing bitcoin could be easy.  ETH Zurich ’s Findings  The researchers were led by Spencer Wheatley, a professor of entrepreneurial risk at ETH Zurich. They concluded the number of bitcoin users doesn ’t support a rise in bitcoin ’s value.  “Our Metcalfe-based analysis indicates current support levels for the bitcoin market in the range of 22–44 billion USD, at least four times less than the current level,”  the researchers said .  If they ’re right, bitcoin ’s market value will not continue to climb higher as it did in 2017. Worse, the researchers say that considering the  “close correlation ” between the BTC price and that of altcoins,  “the short-term movements of other cryptocurrencies are likely to be affected by corrections in bitcoin (and vice-versa), regardless of their own relative valuations. ”  Doom and Gloom?  Bitcoin could be in for  “many months of volatile sideways bitcoin prices ahead, ” according to the March report, which also  “identifies a substantial but not unprecedented overvaluation in the price of bitcoin. ”  It ’s not unprecedented because their research also documents four such  “bubbles in market cap, ” all of which eventually burst. Three out of the four previous bubbles burst in response to fundamental issues, such as the collapse of Japan ’s Mt. Gox exchange on the heels of a catastrophic security breach. But the most recent bursting of the bubble, researchers say, was bitcoin  “collapsing under its own weight ” after the price neared the $20,000 mark.  Source: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1803.05663.pdf  In addition to Mt. Gox, the report points to several other key events that led to the bursting of the bitcoin bubble, including the following  –  The bitcoin-fueled Savings  & Trust Ponzi scheme China ’s central bank banning financial institutions from transacting in bitcoin Reports that South Korea would ban bitcoin exchange at year-end 2017  Their research also incorporates the e Log-Periodic Power Law Singularity (LPPLS) model, which is designed to  “warn of market instabilities ” and predict market crashes.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   JPMorgan ’s Blockchain Lead Quits to Kickstart Her Own Startup Twitter  Amber Baldet, a key executive of JPMorgan ’s blockchain business, is stepping down for greener pastures. Baldet was the architect of JPMorgan ’s blockchain strategy, having sat at the helm of the bank ’s Blockchain Center of Excellence. She is reportedly leaving to launch her own firm on the heels of reports suggesting that JPMorgan may be spinning off its enterprise  blockchain project  dubbed Quorum, which Baldet was basically the face of.  The latest executive shakeup suggests there could be more defections to come at the bank, whose CEO Jamie Dimon infamously rebuffed bitcoin last year (but later backpedaled.)  JPMorgan didn ’t waste any time in naming Baldet ’s successor. According to an internal JPMorgan memo obtained by Reuters, she will be replaced by fellow Blockchain Center of Excellence official and senior product manager Christine Moy, who incidentally was hired by Baldet,  according to Fortune .  The memo said Baldet was leaving for an  “entrepreneurial opportunity ” but didn ’t say whether it was blockchain related. It was penned by Umar Farooq, who  earlier this year  boasted about the inroads JPMorgan ’s blockchain business was making.  Baldet ’s departure appears to be on good terms, with JPMorgan spokesperson telling Reuters:  “We respect her desire to start her own venture and we wish her nothing but the best.”  Quorum Spinoff More Likely Than Ever  CCN  previously reported  that JPMorgan was considering the spinoff of Quorum, saying then it was unclear what the impact of such a move would have on staff. It also presciently suggested Baldet ’s future was uncertain. The latest executive departure suggests that the bank is headed in the direction of separating Quorum from the bank.  JPMorgan considers Quorum the  “enterprise-focused version of Ethereum. ” It ’s for the clearing and settling of interbank payments, something financial institutions are increasingly looking to the blockchain for.  Unlike the public ledger that fuels bitcoin, Quorum is a private ledger that bolsters transaction times and whose validation is dependent on participants in the contract, not volunteers. It ’s been in development for the past couple of years, and spinning it off would create more possibilities for the technology, even beyond banking.  Quorum competes with the likes of R3 ’s Corda, whose bank-fueled consortium JPMorgan was part of until recently. R3 ’s CTO Richard Brown said in a  December blog post  that since JPMorgan ’s Quorum is basically a fork of Ethereum, it inherited both the advantages and disadvantages of the second biggest blockchain network. He says of Quorum ’s  “confidential contract ”  –  “As soon as you need to prove provenance of  one  piece of data in a confidential contract to somebody else, you have to show them  everything  in that contract. Game over. ”  Featured image from YouTube/ Symphony Software Foundation .  
INCREASE	   This Bitcoin Mining Program Bids to Abolish Caste Discrimination in India Twitter  A non-profit organization in  India  has announced a new  cryptocurrency-mining  program aimed at the rural youth. More specifically, the initiative is aiming to empower the country’s most impoverished, a demographic that mostly consists of a particular caste known as ‘Dalits’. Individuals belonging the Dalit community are often subjected to extreme discrimination from the moment they are born, leaving them with no choice but to lead a life of poverty.  The Dalit Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( DICCI ) is spearheading the program with the help of a cryptocurrency-related platform,  Mahabfic , and social entrepreneur, Dr. Tausif Malik. According to DICCI and Mahabfic, the collaboration will result in the  ‘w orld’s first and largest Bitcoin Mining Training Program (BMTP) for self-employment. ’  DICCI founder, Shri Milind Kamble, stated that the main objective of the program is to  “empower the rural population especially the youth from the farming community to earn income from their hometown or villages, this would create new economic development in these areas. ’  Cryptocurrencies have been a saving grace for several such communities, including some African countries where the trend of crypto mining and entrepreneurship is emerging rapidly. Increased adoption rates in these regions have also driven up the viability of such occupations.  Kamble added,  “The new blockchain technology is the future of technology development and taking the world by storm and bitcoin-cryptocurrency mining is a must for blockchain platform to operate. Hence, we felt the need to offer bitcoin-cryptocurrency mining training program (BMTP) to our youth on a nationwide scale for self-employment.”  While the problem of caste disparity is on the decline, especially in the more affluent regions of India, there is no doubt that a sizeable segment of the population continues to be affected by the practice. A Dalit farmer in the state of Gujarat, for instance, was reportedly  beaten to death  by extremists as recently as last week. The local police not only confirmed that the attack was caste-motivated, but also said that it was in retaliation to the individual owning livestock, a symbol of prestige for the farming folk.  The issue of untouchability is a major problem for India, a country that has boldly announced its plans to be a superpower within the next few decades. Several Bollywood films have also touched on the topic in some way or another in a bid to encourage social reform among the masses. For a country with a population of well over one billion though, changing public perception abou t the Dalit class and giving them equal opportunities might as well partially happen through the cryptocurrency asset class.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Chilean Cryptocurrency Exchanges Seek Clear Regulations After Banks Shutter Accounts Twitter  Two Chilean  cryptocurrency exchanges , BUDA and Crypto MKT, recently saw a number of banks in the country shut down their accounts for dealing with cryptocurrencies. In response, the companies decided to call on the country’s banking association, Asociación de Bancos e Instituciones Financeras (ABIF), to clarify its stance on the cryptocurrency industry.  According to local news outlet  PULSO , the two cryptocurrency exchanges issued a public statement in which they ask the regulator to provide a clear stance, as the banks shut down their accounts while claiming they had instructions to “not open an account for anyone that has relation to cryptocurrencies.”  The statement further claims the financial institutions lack knowledge of how cryptocurrencies work, and questions why their accounts were shut down. The statement reads:  “The lack of knowledge and regulatory clarity has given rise to the fact that some banks, out of fear, misinformation or perhaps by strategy, are refusing to provide their services to anyone who has any relationship with any digital asset.”  BUDA  and  Crypto MKT  further noted that it should be determined whether cryptocurrency-related companies should have access to banking services, or if the banks are “determined to prevent the existence” of these companies. In addition, the two exchanges asked both authorities and the public to pay attention to the issue.  Right at the top, the statement notably claims that industry is being “assassinated” before being studied. It notes both BUDA and Crypto MKT play by the rules, as they have developed safe platforms for their users, pay VAT, and have opened channels to cooperate with local authorities, while following standard anti-money laundering (AML) and anti-terrorist financing practices.   Hoy publicamos una inserción junto a  @CryptoMKT  en diario  @latercera  /  @pulso_tw  hablando de la situación actual de las criptomonedas en Chile y haciendo un llamado de transparencia en su postura a la banca y autoridades. Acá les dejamos la versión original para que compartan.  pic.twitter.com/UUHPksc7fq  — Buda (exSurBTC) (@BudaPuntoCom)  March 25, 2018   ABIF rejects responsibility  According to local publication  Publimetro , ABIF has responded to the two cryptocurrency exchanges, claiming it isn’t responsible for solving the problem. The regulator stated that this “is a matter that must be addressed and resolved in the context of the individual relationship of each bank with its customers ”.  ABIF further claimed statements such as those issued by the cryptocurrency exchanges are “especially serious,” as they can see people misjudge the association’s role. Martin Jofré, Crypto MKT’s co-founder, claims “the association can do a lot,” as what’s as stake is the role banks took in deciding what economic activities can and can’t be carried out in  Chile .  BUDA’s general manager, Pablo Chávez, argued the move sees banks decide not to operate with companies related to cryptocurrencies “in an arbitrary manner and without a solid foundation.” Moreover, he revealed that “none of the banks in question has approached with doubts about cryptocurrencies.”  Santiago image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Slides Under $7,600 as Market Dips Below $300 Billion: Possible Reasons Twitter  Bitcoin has fallen below the $7,600 mark for the first time since March 19. Earlier today, the price of bitcoin dropped to $7,530, after peaking at $8,150 less than 20 hours ago.   Futures Market  Throughout the past 4 hours, sell volumes intensified across all major cryptocurrency exchanges, and the market was likely affected by the spike in volumes in the US bitcoin futures market operated by the Chicago Board Options Exchange (Cboe) and CME Group.  Phil, a well known cryptocurrency analyst better recognized as PhilCrypto, revealed that the bitcoin futures market recorded record volumes over the past 24 hours, and according to the publicly available data shared by CME Group and Cboe, the majority of volumes on both futures market are sell volumes.   CME  #Bitcoin  futures seeing record volumes right now  pic.twitter.com/mf6TJrVSfQ  — Phil⚡️ (@PhilCrypto77)  March 28, 2018  Initially, the cryptocurrency community viewed the launch of the bitcoin futures market as an optimistic development for the global cryptocurrency market, as the community believed it would lead to a surge in volumes and improve the cryptocurrency market’s liquidity.  Undoubtedly, the entrance of investors from the traditional finance industry through the futures market led to an improvement in the market’s liquidity. But, although the volumes of the market have increased, the futures market has had a negative impact on the cryptocurrency market over the past few months.  Whereas large-scale institutional investors were not able to take advantage of the market and manipulate the price of cryptocurrencies on exchanges, through the futures market, retail traders have started to move large sums of money to sway the market.  Realistically, some of the factors mentioned by the media such as the cryptocurrency advertisement ban by Twitter and Facebook have had minimal impact on the price of cryptocurrencies. To understand the irrelevance of the advertisements on both platforms, it is important to acknowledge the reason behind the ban.  Both platforms has banned cryptocurrency ads due to increasing advertisements from aggressive initial coin offerings (ICOs). As Nathaniel Poppers from the New York Times previously reported, the vast majority of ICOs have turned out to be either failed projects or scams.   key takeaway from a dive into ICO data and success rates: 81% of ICO’s were Scams, ~6% Failed, ~5% had Gone Dead, and ~8% went on to trade on a exchange  https://t.co/EZ6dMhroy8   pic.twitter.com/Xcj4jvvB8V  — Nathaniel Popper (@nathanielpopper)  March 26, 2018  It is only logical in the part of Twitter and Facebook to ban cryptocurrency ads unless they want to be responsible for the losses of investors, given that the government will attempt to accuse the two platforms for promoting ICOs by allowing advertisements from projects.  Hence, it is overreaching to claim that the ban on advertisements by the two social media giants or any other irrelevant factor led to the decline of the price of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.  What Happens to the Market?  As CCN reported on March 27, it is unlikely that the market will recover in the short-term, or in the next few weeks. Several experts including bitcoin remittance company Abra CEO Bill Barhydt  stated  that bitcoin will initiate a strong rally later this year, and all “hell will break loose as a result.”  “I talk to hedge funds, high net worth individuals, even commodity speculators. They look at the volatility in the crypto markets and they see it as a huge opportunity. Once that happens, all hell will break loose. Once the floodgates are opened, they’re opened,” said Barhydt.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Bull Tom Lee Says Hodl on Amid Market Slump for Later Gains Twitter  Fundstrat ’s Thomas Lee is emerging as a voice of reason for cryptocurrency investors even as bitcoin continues to trade in the doldrums. JPMorgan Chase ’s former chief equity strategist is applying the lessons of the stock market to bitcoin investing. Trying to time the market is  “challenging ” because bitcoin even in its short history has proven to generate most of its annual returns over less than a two-week period each year, according to Lee in a note entitled  “Why HODL? ”  Lee also  recently recommended  that bitcoin investors buy the dip, and now he ’s adding to it, saying,  “we think investors should be patient buyers of bitcoin here. ” It may be easier said than done, given the fact that bitcoin remains lower by double-digit percentage year-to-date. Patience, however, is a virtue when investing, whether it ’s the stock market or cryptocurrencies.  Lee said:  “Market timing is generally discouraged in traditional equity investing.” He went on to provide the following example  –  “If an investor missed out on the 10 best days (for S &P 500) each year, the annualized return drops to 5.4 percent (ex-10 best), from 9.2 percent. In other words, the case for buy and hold in equities is the opportunity cost of missing out on the 10 best days.”  The strategy is vital for bitcoin investing. Say you try to time the market and miss out on BTC ’s best 10 days of the year. You would be sacrificing as much as 25% of annualized returns in the interim, says Lee. Without the best 10 days of trading performance, bitcoin posts 25% losses annually, as per the Fundstrat report obtained by CCN.  Courtesy: Fundstrat  ‘Positive Catalysts ’  The pressure is real, and bitcoin is struggling to break out beyond the USD 8,000 level, which as Fundstrat points out is the breakeven price for BTC mining. But bitcoin investors can breathe a sigh of relief.  “The overhang from regulatory risk is generally keeping investors sidelined. However, we see positive catalysts for Bitcoin later in 2018, including the clarification of regulatory hurdles. ”  — Fundstrat analysts  Earlier this month, Fundstrat ’s Lee warned that altcoins, which had ridden on the coattails of bitcoin during the leading cryptocurrency ’s record run, are headed for a period of  “purgatory ” to unfold for 150-175 days before the lesser known coins resume their upward climb. Fundstrat paints a picture of a cyclical market for altcoins, which is another parallel to the broader equity markets. As for the leading coins, Lee and his research team are predicting a  “strong ” 2018 led by  “more established blockchains growing ” and  “upside for ETH and BTC. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Mining CPUs in South Korea are Rising in Popularity Twitter  In South Korea, investors have started to purchase CPUs equipped with high performance gaming graphic cards like the Nvidia GTX 1080 ti to mine smaller cryptocurrency listed on local exchanges, like Zcash and Ethereum Classic.  CPU Mining  Computer manufacturers in the local market such as Jooyeon Technology have also begun to release CPUs equipped with several high performance gaming chips designed and optimized specifically to mine cryptocurrencies. Jooyeon Technology recently released the Hash Guard, a CPU that contains 4 Nvidia GTX 1080 ti, a graphic card that is known to operate with minimal fan noise and wa ter-cooling system to prevent the CPU from overheating.   Despite its high performance, one downside of the Hash Guard is its price. It costs more than $8,000, which is as expensive as one of the most costly CPUs in the world, manufactured by Apple. Still, because of its specifications and most importantly, its ability to mine cryptocurrencies with minimal resources, the demand for CPUs with high performance graphic cards has increase d in South Korea.  EKN, a local media outlet, reported that investors within the cryptocurrency market has shifted from conventional investment in cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ethereum to mining. Since CPUs like Hash Guard can be established and operate in a normal home with basic electricity consumption, investors can produce small-scale cryptocurrencies with substantial profits without all ocating significant resources.  A spokesperson of Jooyeon Technology, the manufacturer of one of the country’s most popular CPU cryptocurrency miner, told EKN that many investors have started to utilize CPUs to mine initial coin offering (ICO) tokens, with hopes that the tokens they mine will increase exponentially in value.  “Apart from warranty and free of charge after sales service provided by a domestic PC manufacturer, the ability to utilize cryptocurrency miners as normal CPUs for work and casual use cases has led to an increase in demand towards CPU miners,”  said the spokesperson . “A large portion of consumers are also anticipating and hoping that the price of ICO tokens increase, and are mining tokens with CPUs with big expectations.”  The spokesperson further emphasized that CPUs that fall behind the Hash Guard and Nvidia graphic cards can also mine smaller cryptocurrencies such as Monero, Ethereum Classic, Zcash, and Bitcoin Gold if CPUs operate 24 hours a day. For instance, the spokesperson stated that a two-way home cryptocurrency mining CPU equipped with AMD’s Ryzen 7 and RX570 can mine 0.0032 Ether, 0.0 0158 Monero, 0.1 Ethereum Classic, 0.0062 Zcash, and 0.023 Bitcoin Gold per day, if the CPU runs for 24 hours.  Major Correction  Analysts in the CPU manufacturing sector in South Korea noted that the demand for high performance gaming chips from Nvidia and AMD is on the rise because of the recent correction of the cryptocurrency market. Since January, most major cryptocurrency has fallen by more than 70 percent from their all-time highs.  Consequently, investors have started to search for alternative methods to generate profit in an extremely volatile period for the cryptocurrency market.  But, in the mid-term, issues may arise with CPUs, and with CPU mining in general, as more ASIC miners are released by companies like Bitmain and Samsung.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   German National Tourist Board Now Accepting Cryptocurrencies as Payment for Services Twitter  Starting March 5 th , 2018, the  German National Tourist Board , headquartered in Frankfurt, is accepting payment in cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin for services, as a response to their interest in utilizing the blockchain technology supporting cryptocurrencies in the German and international markets.  Primarily financed by the  German National Ministry of Economy  & Technology , the GNTB serves to promote tourism within Germany, developing products and strategies to establish a positive image of the country. Worldwide, the organization includes thirty-two representative offices.  According to the chair of the GNTB, Petra Hedorfer, recent trends in technologies are constantly under review, as well as their application for the organization. Striving to be an innovative global company, driving the tourism industry, the choice was made to implement blockchain and cryptocurrencies as part of the Board’s digitization strategy.  Providing speed and additional security for transactions, the acceptance of cryptocurrencies (on their respective blockchains) may offer financial savings for international transactions, in addition to the transparency thereof.  Following the 500-year mark of the Reformation (recognized in 2017), upcoming events in Germany include the European Athletics Championships in Berlin this August, 100 years of the Bauhaus in 2019, and, in 2020, a 250 th  birthday of Ludwig van Beethoven.  How and Where Cryptocurrencies May Be Used in German Travel  History abounds throughout Germany, and Europe as a whole, making travel an education; paying for the experiences with recent advances in fintech is the (proverbial) cherry on top.  The Bavarian  Neuschwanstein Castle  is a fairytale in the making, begun in 1886, and not yet perfected by the time of King Ludwig II’s death in 1886. Greatly inspired by the music and characters of Richard Wagner’s operas, the castle was build as a private sanctuary from the public eye. It’s now home to nearly 1.5 million tourists each year.  A UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2000, due to its Benedictine Abby, Reichenau Island invites guests to the German border with Austria and Switzerland, on Lake Constance.  Meanwhile, Europa-Park provides a year-round modern break from the antiquity of the abundant castles, operating as the top theme park in Germany, the largest theme park among German-speaking countries.  The world’s first  crypto-friendly airport  in Australia, along with Japanese  Peach Aviation ’s plans to incorporate cryptocurrency payments throughout 2018, are proof that the GNTB is heading in the right direction, accepting Bitcoin (among other cryptocurrencies) as payment for travel/tourism-related services.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrencies a Top Priority for China in 2018: Central Bank Twitter  The People’s Bank of China (PBoC) has listed cryptocurrencies as one of its chief priorities for the year as it seeks to strengthen the renminbi and ramp up its capital controls.  In a  statement  published March 28, the PBoC  — China’s central bank  — said that intended to “carry out the rectification of various types of virtual currencies” in an attempt to reinforce regulatory policies that it implemented last year to restrict cryptocurrency trading.  According to a two-sentence  Reuters  brief, this focus will involve a “crackdown on all types of virtual currencies,” but the publication did not include any details about what measures the PBoC or other regulatory agencies were considering.  Fan Yifei, the PBoC’s vice governor, added that the emergence of the digital economy has had a “profound impact on the circulation” of the renminbi, and he praised the bank’s continuing research into creating a digital currency to replace physical RMB notes.  The ongoing emphasis on restricting cryptocurrency usage comes as part of a  wider PBoC emphasis  on capital controls.  Last year, the country restricted foreign exchange purchases to RMB 100,000 (~$15,900) per bank account, with an annual limit on foreign currency purchases set at roughly $50,000 per person.  Cryptocurrency trading is one of several ways in which citizens have sought to evade these restrictions, as these assets have no respect for borders and can be exchanged for a number of foreign fiat currencies on offshore platforms. Regulators have been unable to stamp out the burgeoning industry completely, but the closure of mainland-based cryptocurrency exchanges has led to  a steep decline in trading volume over the past six months.  Nevertheless, many observers are optimistic that China will soften its hostile approach to cryptocurrency in the future, particularly following the appointment of Yi Gang as PBoC governor.  As CCN  reported , Yi said earlier this month that Bitcoin “is a currency that provides freedom to anyone that uses it,” adding that it is a transparent medium of exchange.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   OTC Markets Flags Cryptocurrency Stocks Twitter  “Anonymous, paid stock promotion should have no place in the public markets. We are taking responsibility to provide transparency to investors and encourage public companies to disclose and correct misinformation that can harm the efficient market pricing process,” R. Cromwell Coulson, the CEO of OTC Markets, an exchange which lists 10,000 symbols from the world over, said in r egards to a policy change at his exchange.  Coulson is referring to articles which have become commonplace in digital journalism in recent times  — articles which could easily be mistaken for genuine reporting but are in fact “advertorials” written for the express purpose of pumping the stock in question. There is nothing technically illegal about the practice, but Coulson and plenty of others believe it is  harmful to markets.  While the exchange will not be delisting options found to be engaging in stock promotion, they have begun placing an indicator in the form of a megaphone to alert traders.  Among the companies most guilty of stock promotion are marijuana and blockchain businesses, the latter of which OTC Markets lists more than one. The companies it finds to be out stock promoting in a way that should have “no place in the public markets” are  Global Blockchain Technologies Corp . and  Block One Capital . In the case of the first, we quickly found  this example  of a stock promotion that is clearly labeled. Of the second, we found  this .  The question of sponsored content plagues the digital financial journalism industry. Declining advertising revenues and high turnover rates can become a perfect storm of corruption and pay-for-play tactics. Ultimately the worst forms of sponsored content are never revealed to the reader  — the writer is simply corrupted and writes in favor of the stock or fund incognito.  At the same time, stock promotion itself can be tracked to calculate trades. A site aptly called  StockPromoters  helps penny stock traders track pumps. They even offer “investor awareness” services.  Blockchain companies might be a bit more forgivable than companies in traditional industries for leveraging alternative means to get the name of their symbol out into the ether, however. They’re fighting an uphill battle, with  Google and others now threatening their ability to even advertise their services . They must find some way to get their name onto the tongues of investors.  If or how this move by OTC Markets affects the price of these blockchain companies or any of the other 50-plus companies which currently earn the indicator, time will tell. If anything, so far, the move has amounted to free promotion for these companies, despite the negative connotation.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Scammers are Purporting to be Cryptocurrency Exchange Tech Support, FBI Warns Twitter  The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) recently sounded the alarm on tech support scams throughout the web and pointed out that cryptocurrency users are being increasingly targeted. Individual victims, according to the agency, often see losses “in the thousands of dollars.”  The FBI’s Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) sounded the alarm  through a notice  that warns users tech support fraud continues to be a “problematic and widespread scam.” In the notice, the agency reveals the IC3 received approximately 11,000 complaints related to tech support fraud in 2017.  Victims claimed to have lost nearly $15 million, which according to the notice represents an 86 percent increase in losses when compared to 2016. The majority of victims are located in the United States, although the agency notes it received complaints from victims in 85 different countries.  When it comes to cryptocurrencies, the IC3 notes that criminals usually pose as cryptocurrency exchange support staff and ask for access to victims’ devices, as with most tech support scams. Once the victim gives them access, they go on with their scheme:  “The fraudulent support asks for access to the victim’s virtual currency wallet and transfers the victim’s virtual currency to another wallet for temporary holding during maintenance. The virtual currency is never returned to the victim, and the criminal ceases all communication.”  Moreover, the agency added that scammers may also use their victims’ personal information and credit cards to purchase cryptocurrencies they will then send to wallets they control. Often, victims end up being tricked after contacting fake support numbers online in the “sponsored” section of search results.  Keeping funds safe  In order to avoid falling for cryptocurrency tech support scams, the agency advises users to be as careful as possible in dealing with contacts listed in the “sponsored” areas of search results, as these are likely boosted ads.  Moreover, victims are instructed to not give strangers access to their devices, ensure their software is updated, and resist the urge to act quickly if they’re confronted with someone trying to create a sense of urgency. Legitimate customer support teams, the agency noted, don’t initiate unsolicited contacts.  If dealing with a pop-up or a type of malware that locks victim’s screens, they are  advised to immediately shut down their devices, as “victims who reported shutting down their device and waiting a short time to restart usually find the pop-up or screen lock has disappeared.”  When cryptocurrency users resist  Crypto enthusiasts are often tech-savvy and are now somewhat accustomed to scammers trying to get their funds. Scammers have been using phishing and social engineering tactics to get paid, and even managed to  hijack verified Twitter accounts  to try and trick users.  Recently, a  bitcoiner had to face a scammer  asking him for 0.15 BTC. He managed to persuade the scammer into dressing up as a raccoon, and had him forage through dumpsters in his neighborhood to get the funds. In the end, he wasn ’t given anything.  These events show scammers are willing to go to great lengths to get paid. Whether they are pulling elaborate Twitter scams or foraging through dumpsters dressed as raccoons, they’re out there tying to take other people’s money.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Major Cryptocurrency Exchange Bitfinex Weighs Move to Switzerland Twitter  Bitfinex, one of the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchanges, is reportedly planning to move out of its current base in Hong Kong over to Switzerland.  German-language Swiss newsweekly  Handelszeitung  is reporting that Hong Kong-based Bitfinex is already in talks with Swiss authorities over a move to Europe. Switzerland is at the top of the list of potential destinations while London is also being considered as an alternative, the report added.  The publication directly cites Bitfinex CEO Jean-Louis van der Velde in revealing the potential move, with ‘several meetings’ between Bitfinex officials and Switzerland’s State Secretariat for International Financial Affairs (SIF) already having taken place. Bitinfex has also been in contact with Johann Schneider-Ammann, head of Switzerland’s Federal Department of Economic Affa irs, Education and Research. Speaking at a conference earlier this year, Schneider-Ammann has previously called on Switzerland to further its industry-friendly regulatory climate to become the world’s ‘crypto nation’.  The Bitfinex chief pointed to “very constructive talks” with Swiss authorities, adding:  We are looking for a new permanent home for Bitfinex and the parent company iFinex, where we want to merge the operations previously spread over several locations.  The world’s fifth largest crypto exchange with nearly half a billion in trading over the past day, a successful move by Bitfinex could establish its parent company iFinex Switzerland as a new AG ( Aktiengesellschaft ), or German for a public limited company that sees its shares traded on a public stock exchange. iFinex is currently located in the British Virgin Islands.  Further, the substantial move from Asia to Europe would also reportedly see iFinex’s legal and finance departments operate from Switzerland, alongside Bitfinex’s development and customer service bases that would also shift to Switzerland.  Bitfinex has seen plenty of criticism for its connection to Tether, an iFinex subsidiary that issues tether (USDT), a dollar-pegged token that frequently trades on a number of global exchanges including Bitfinex. Tether’s relation with an auditor – tasked to audit the company’s balance sheets and nearly 2.3 billion USDT tokens in circulation –  broke down  in January this year, raising the crucial question of whether the token is backed by actual fiat US dollars.  Both Bitfinex and Tether have also received subpoenas from the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), scrutiny which now sees Bitfinex looking to comply with all regulatory requirements in Switzerland.  Bitfinex CEO van der Velde added:  We want to be the most transparent of all exchanges and meet the requirements of the Swiss regulator.  Bitfinex is now the second major Hong Kong-based cryptocurrency exchange known to be looking to exit the jurisdiction in the space of week. As reported previously, Binance, the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange,  announced  its foray into establishing a base in the European nation of Malta which is undergoing its own endeavor to become the world’s ‘ blockchain island’ .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Users Support Hard Fork to ‘Brick’ Ethereum ASIC Miners: Poll Twitter  Ethereum users would support adopting a hard fork that renders Ethereum ASIC miners obsolete, a new poll shows.  The poll, which was published on Twitter by Ethereum developer Vlad Zamfir, asked respondents whether they would support a hard fork that makes ASIC miners incompatible with Ethereum’s Proof-of-Work (PoW) Ethash mining algorithm.   Would you support a hard fork that obsceletes ETH ASICs? (Just wondering, this is not a proposal)  — Vlad Zamfir (@VladZamfir)  March 28, 2018   At the time of writing, 55 percent of the 4,904 respondents indicated that they would support a hard fork to make Ethereum ASIC miners ineffective, while just 14 percent said unequivocally that they would not support the fork. Eleven percent selected “It’s complicated,” while the remaining 20 percent just wanted to see the results.  Zamfir clarified that his poll was not in regard to a specific proposal, rather that he was just curious about the community sentiment.  ASICs  — so named because they use Application Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC) chips  — are by far the most efficient and profitable way to mine cryptocurrencies.  However, unlike CPU and GPU chips, which are general purpose and thus have multitudinous applications, ASICs can only be used in a single application and can be rendered obsolete by even a small update to a cryptocurrency ’s mining algorithm.  As CCN  reported , Wall Street research firm Susquehanna revealed during a recent trip to Asia that they had confirmed that Chinese mining hardware manufacturer Bitmain had already developed an Ethereum ASIC and was preparing to begin shipping it before the end of the second quarter.  To date, Ethash  — which is also used by Ethereum Classic and a variety of other coins  — has been ASIC-resistant, which allows the algorithm to be mined profitably using GPU chips.  However, since Bitmain is by far the dominant force in the ASIC market, their development of mining rigs for new PoW algorithms always leads to contentious debates about miner centralization.  Bitmain ’s development of an Ethash ASIC is curious, given that Ethereum  — by far the most popular Ethash cryptocurrency  — plans to transition to a Proof-of-Stake (PoS) consensus algorithm. Consequently, some observers have taken this to mean that Bitmain believes that either Ethereum will ultimately fail to abandon PoW or that the shift to PoS will result in another Ethereum Classic-style hard fork.  That said, a hard fork to maintain ASIC resistance would not be unprecedented. Privacy-centric cryptocurrency Monero has committed to altering its version of the Cryptonight PoW algorithm every six months to inhibit the development of XMR-compatible miners. Nevertheless, Bitmain announced recently that it had developed a Cryptonight ASIC, and Monero stuck to its guns by adding  an  emergency measure  that makes the miners incompatible with Monero to its upcoming network update.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Did Futures Markets Negatively Affect Bitcoin Price and the Entire Crypto Industry? Twitter  Late last year, the cryptocurrency community highly anticipated a surge in bitcoin price after the launch of the bitcoin futures market operated by the Chicago Board Options Exchange (Cboe) and CME Group, two of the largest options exchanges in the global market.  Almost immediately after the entrance of Cboe and CME Group in the cryptocurrency market, the price of bitcoin started to surge rapidly. Within weeks, the price of bitcoin peaked at $19,000, surpassing $24,000 in South Korea.  Extreme Volatility  But, as it did on the upward movement, the price of bitcoin fell quickly from its peak at $19,000 to $6,000, experiencing the third worst correction in its history with a 72 percent decline from its all-time high. Currently, the price of bitcoin remains at $7,400, the price of bitcoin in early November.  The January correction of bitcoin has been brutal, and it sank the entire market with it. More or less, most cryptocurrencies in the market followed the price trend of bitcoin over the past few months and bitcoin has actually outperformed most cryptocurrencies in the market throughout 2018.  Cboe and CME launched their bitcoin futures market in the  first week of December.  Prior to the launch, CME chairman Leo Melamed confirmed the plans of CME to launch its bitcoin futures market as early as November. On November 7, as CCN reported,  Melamed stated:  “That’s a very important step for bitcoin’s history…We will regulate, make bitcoin not wild, nor wilder. We’ll tame it into a regular type instrument of trade with rules.”   The optimism and enthusiasm displayed by both Cboe and CME executives led the cryptocurrency market to highly anticipate a short-term surge in the volumes and prices of cryptocurrencies. Within weeks, the price of bitcoin nearly tripled, and other cryptocurrencies like Ripple and Tron enjoyed a significant increase in value.  However, the cryptocurrency market and investors within it failed to acknowledge that prior to the futures market, the global cryptocurrency market wasn’t all that liquid, and daily trading volumes across most exchanges were relatively low. The low liquidity of the cryptocurrency market made it easier for retail traders and institutional investors in the public market to manipu late the prices of cryptocurrencies.   Earlier today, on March 29, the bitcoin futures market on both Cboe and CME options exchange saw record volumes. Yet, the price of bitcoin fell from $8,000 to $7,300. There has not been much interest in the cryptocurrency market from institutional investors and retail traders in the west, whereas in regions like Japan and South Korea, institutional investors have already started to invest in the market.  Cryptocurrency remittance firm Abra CEO Bill Barhydt  stated:  “There really is zero large-scale institutional money from the west in crypto right now. That is happening in Japan. Once a large sizable chunk of Western institutional money starts to come in — watch out.”  Where is the Market Now?  The price of bitcoin is exactly where it was prior to the launch of the bitcoin futures market in November. One optimistic takeaway from the past 4 months could be that in comparison to October and November of 2017, volumes on cryptocurrency exchanges excluding the futures markets in the US have increased.  
INCREASE	   John McAfee’s $1 Million Bitcoin Price Bet Just Hit a Major Technical Hurdle Twitter  Eccentric cybersecurity pioneer and long-time cryptocurrency bull John McAfee just hit a major technical hurdle in his gamble that the Bitcoin price will reach $1 million by mid-2020.  On Thursday, the  “ McAfee Bitcoin Price Prediction Tracker ”  — which charts the price of Bitcoin relative to McAfee ’s ambitious prediction  — fell more than two percent below its anticipated growth trend-line.  Source: https://fnordprefect.de/  This appears to be the first time since McAfee has made his bullish bet that the  Bitcoin price  has dipped below the steady growth trend-line, and it indicates that McAfee is  on track to lose his bet   — and face the grisly consequences.  Those consequences  — pardon the pun  — may be more than McAfee can stomach.  As CCN  reported , McAfee first put his, err, skin in the game in July 2017, when he predicted that the Bitcoin price would reach $500,000 within three years from its then-level of $1,800.  “If not, I will eat my d –k on national television, ” he proclaimed.  He later doubled down on that prediction in December, claiming that Bitcoin would reach $1 million during the same time frame.  “When I predicted Bitcoin at $500,000 by the end of 2020, it used a model that predicted $5,000 at the end of 2017. BTC has accelerated much faster than my model assumptions,” he said. “I will still eat my d –k if wrong.”  Since then, Bitcoin has entered a significant bear cycle, falling from a peak of nearly $20,000 to a present value of $7,493.  Nevertheless, the former MGT Capital executive  has not been deterred  by the recent price decline. Last month, he tweeted that he will “ABSOLUTELY!!!” hold up his end of the bargain, arguing that it is a bet that he “cannot possibly [lose].”  Of course, this prediction tracker implies that Bitcoin will see steady growth over the course of the bet. Markets, obviously, do not behave this way, so the fact that the Bitcoin price has dipped slightly does not necessarily spell doom for McAfee (or his member).  However, the trend-line appreciates at a rate of ~0.48 percent per day, and this growth will compound quickly. If Bitcoin remains in its recent purgatory for much longer, it could find itself with significant ground to make up to get back on track.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Two Japanese Cryptocurrency Exchanges to Shut down Amid Coincheck Hack Fallout: Report Twitter  The increased scrutiny by Japan’s financial regulator following Coincheck’s infamous $530 million NEM theft will reportedly see two cryptocurrency exchange operators shutter and exit the industry.  According to a  Nikkei  report on Thursday, two cryptocurrency exchange operators -Tokyo GateWay and Mr. Exchange are withdrawing their applications to operate as recognized exchange operator under Japan’s Financial Services Agency (FSA), the country’s financial regulator. Earlier this month, the FSA had ordered both exchanges to improve their data security and overall cybersecurity posture which wer e found to be inadequate by the regulator.  According to the report, both operators will shutter their businesses after returning their customers’ fiat and cryptocurrency holdings.  The development comes amid an ongoing crackdown on unregistered exchanges that are found wanting with their security measures following the  theft of 500 million NEM tokens  from Tokyo-based Coincheck in late January, valued at approximately $530 million at the time. The incident is now seen as the  biggest cryptocurrency exchange theft  in history.  On March 8, the FSA issued month-long business suspension orders to exchange operators FSHO and Bit Station after pointing the finger at lax cybersecurity practices and inadequate money laundering measures.  Today’s report suggests that three other unregistered exchange operators – Raimu, bitExpress and the currently suspended Bit Station – have also withdrawn their applications to register with the FSA. The Nikkei adds that more application withdrawals are expected to follow with the FSA giving ‘several exchanges a chance [to] voluntarily close before ordering them to do so.’  New Japanese legislation that came into effect in April 2017 – notably  recognizing bitcoin as a legal method of payment  – ruled that cryptocurrency exchange operators must register with the FSA while adhering to guidelines and standards to earn a license for domestic exchange operations. Exceptions, on a provisional basis, were made for operational exchanges predating the new legislation. Coincheck is a notable example of an unregistered exchange that continues to operate, despite the comprehen sive hack.  As things stand, the FSA has granted licenses to a total of sixteen cryptocurrency exchange operators that are now registered, with an additional sixteen exchanges allowed to operate while their applications were being screened.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Two Largest Cryptocurrency Exchanges Look to Exit Asia Due to Impractical Policies Twitter  Binance and Bitfinex, two of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges in the global digital currency market, may completely move out of Asia this year, due to impractical policies.  Binance and Malta  Last week, Binance, easily the biggest digital currency trading platform with a $1.4 billion daily trading volume, moved out of Asia and relocated to Malta, a country within the European Union. In its official statement, the Binance team and its CEO Changpeng Zhao, better known to the community simple as CZ, stated that they agree on the government of Malta’s long-term aim to e volve the country into “The Blockchain Island.”  CZ stated:  “After meeting with Parliamentary Secretary, Mr Silvio Schembri, we were impressed by the logical, clear and forward thinking nature of Malta’s leadership. After reviewing a proposal bill, we are convinced that Malta will be the next hotbed for innovative blockchain companies, and a centre of the blockchain ecosystem in Europe. Binance is committed to lending our expertise to h elp shape a healthy regulatory framework as well as providing funds for other blockchain startups to grow the industry further in Malta.”  For awhile, Binance has clarified its stance towards cryptocurrency-to-fiat trading, and firmly told its investors and users that plans to integrate cryptocurrency-to-fiat pairs are not on the horizon. But, its relocation to Malta and potential establishment of new banking partners could allow Binance to add cryptocurrency-to-fiat pairs with ease, without regulatory uncertainty  and conflict with banking service providers.  Already, Binance has revealed its plans to launch a decentralized digital asset exchange called Binance Chain. Although the entire concept of a decentralized exchange defeats the purpose and renders the existence of centralized exchanges unnecessary, the Binance team’s aim from the beginning has been to provide every service that can be accommodated to a wide of users.  Hence, given the roadmap of Binance’s development, it is only logical for the company to move from cryptocurrency-only trading, to decentralized exchange, to cryptocurrency-to-fiat trading.  Bitfinex to Switzerland  Another major cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex, a Taiwan and Hong Kong-based trading platform that processes cryptocurrency-to-US dollar trades, has been eyeing permanent relocation to Switzerland,  as CCN previously reported.  For many years, Switzerland and Zug in particular, have been known as the blockchain capital of the world, primarily because of its friendly regulations towards initial coin offering (ICO) projects and cryptocurrency businesses.  Most notably, EOS, the sixth largest cryptocurrency in the world with a $4.5 billion market valuation, is based in Switzerland.  Bitfinex CEO Jean-Louis van der Velde emphasized that the company has had constructive talks with Swiss authorities, and is carefully considering its move from Asia to Switzerland.  “We are looking for a new permanent home for Bitfinex and the parent company iFinex, where we want to merge the operations previously spread over several locations,” said Velde.  The relocation of Bitfinex from Taiwan to Switzerland would lead to two of the world’s biggest cryptocurrency exchanges leaving Asia to Europe within a single month. If leading cryptocurrency businesses continue to move out of Asia due to impractical regulations to Europe, it could lead to Japan, South Korea, and Hong Kong losing their dominance over the global market, and coul d trigger competition amongst global economies to house cryptocurrency businesses.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptos on the Brink: Ethereum, Ripple Prices Plunge as Coins Post 2018 Lows Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets continued to sour on Thursday, as the first quarter ’s bearish wave continued to reverberate throughout the nascent industry. A variety of altcoins sunk to year-to-date lows and large-cap coins like Ethereum and Ripple were not immune from the bloodbath.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Altogether, the  cryptocurrency market cap  shed another $17.8 billion  — a daily decline of six percent  — reducing it to a lean $281.3 billion and placing the $300 billion threshold further out of reach.  Bitcoin Price Dips Below $7,500  The  Bitcoin price  led the retreat, though it was not its headliner. The flagship cryptocurrency dropped five percent to $7,485, once again beating the index and recapturing a modicum of market share even as its total valuation ebbed further into the red. At present, Bitcoin has a total market cap of $127.9 billion, which translates into a 45.4 percent share of the index.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Ethereum Price, Ripple Price Plunge to 2018 Lows  Ethereum and Ripple fared even worse, as each of the two largest altcoins fell to a year-to-date low during intraday trading.  The  Ethereum price  is currently trading at $412 on Bitfinex, up from a daily low of just $395. After today ’s eight percent decline, Ethereum has a $40.7 billion market cap and a 14.5 percent share of the index (down from ~20 percent in February).  Ethereum Price Chart  The  Ripple price , meanwhile, dipped to about $0.53 on European cryptocurrency exchange Bitstamp. That represents a 24-hour decline of just under six percent and leaves XRP with a $21.3 billion market cap.  Ripple Price Chart  Altcoins Look Heavy, But Bulls Refuse to Waver  The bearish trend continued almost uniformly down the charts, as fewer than 10 cryptocurrencies managed to rise against the value of the US dollar.  In fact, Tron  — currently ranked 10th by total market cap  — was the only top 25 coin or token to return a single-day gain (excluding  Tether , which is a stablecoin). Tron rose just under 10 percent for the day, raising its price to $0.05 and market cap to $3.2 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  But though the bears are currently having their way with the charts, the bulls have not been deterred from their optimistic long-term forecasts.  As CCN reported, Wall Street strategist and Bitcoin bull Tom Lee advised clients in a recent note to  HODL  rather than attempting to time the market. He predicted that positive catalysts, including clarity on regulatory matters, will spur on a new market rally later in the year.  Abra CEO Bill Barhydt, meanwhile, recently predicted that institutional investors are poised to begin  making a splash in cryptoassets , raising Bitcoin and altcoins alike.  “All hell will break loose, ” he said adding that  “Once the floodgates are opened, they ’re opened. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin  ‘Death Cross ’ Lures Market Bears Twitter  With Easter just around the corner, it almost seems ironic that the bitcoin price is technically nearing a death cross. Everywhere you turn, there ’s a new forecast for the bitcoin price  — from $30,000 to $3,500. Technical analysis, which is used by traders to forecast whether securities are going to move higher or lower, has been around for more than a century. It was used by Charles Dow in the late 1800s and is still relied upon today.  Now traders who rely on price and volume charts are applying the method to cryptocurrencies, and bitcoin is encroaching upon the dreaded death cross  — when charts reflect a  “crossover ” between the 50-day (short-term trend) and 200-day (longer-term trend) moving averages, as pointed out  by CNBC . While bitcoin has already been trading in a bear market for 2018, the death cross would mean that it would become more pervasive of a trend.     Courtesy: CNBC  Is the Trend Your Friend?  Technical analysis throws reason out the window and  focuses on the what  more than the why. It focuses on long-term charting data to determine where the price is headed and by how much. The problem with applying technical analysis to bitcoin is that it doesn ’t have decades of trading history from which to draw analysis, let alone multiple death cross cycles from which to gain perspective.  Historically, a death cross trading pattern in the stock market could be a  “bullish contrarian indicator, ” as the  Wall Street Journal pointed out  years ago. And don ’t look now but the stock market  remains in a bull market  run despite volatility, conditions the cryptocurrency markets know all too well.  Doom and Gloom  But the BTC price dropped below the 100-day moving average, which has some traders skittish. On the doom and gloom side of things, Jim Iuorio of TJM Institutional Services told CNBC that despite the lack of historical evidence in bitcoin trading  –  “[Any] time the 50-day crosses the 200-day, it should flash a warning…and when you couple that with the fact that bitcoin has been trending steadily lower since the launch of futures, I think that it is a major negative. ”  CCN recently reported  about a technical analyst predicting that if bitcoin hit the death cross, it would tumble to $2,800. Others were calling a near-term bottom of $5,873.  Glass Half Full  Digital asset fund manager Brian Kelly, on the other hand, is watching the uptrend  –  “Bitcoin, just like the spot FX markets, follows technicals closely, therefore these support levels gain more importance. If these levels hold, then it will confirm the uptrend from August is still valid. ”  If we look at the evidence thus far, bitcoin reached a death cross in 2015 when it was trading in the $200 range. But in that same year, the bitcoin price more than doubled to nearly $500. Bitcoin hasn ’t touched on a death cross since that time.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Lightning Strikes (Again!) as Lightning Network Software Storms to Beta Release Twitter  The Lightning Network has officially been declared ready for mainnet usage as Lightning Labs has released the first beta version of the open-source development team’s much-anticipated software.  Lightning Network Software Receives Beta Release  The San Francisco-based Lightning Labs announced Thursday that it had released  lnd 0.4-beta , the fourth major release of the software and the first to be tagged as a beta release.  This is a watershed moment for Bitcoin development, as it introduces the ability to begin to move everyday Bitcoin payments off the main blockchain and into the  Lightning Network , which exists as a second-layer technology on top of Bitcoin and allows users to make payments instantly at almost no cost.  As Lightning Labs CEO Elizabeth Stark explained in an interview with  CNBC :  “If bitcoin is like a decentralized savings account, Lightning is a decentralized checking account where users can send money instantly.”  Lightning Network proponents also believe that, once this technology is integrated into other cryptocurrency networks, LN users will be able to more easily make cross-blockchain trades  — dubbed  “atomic swaps ”  — an important step in the development of  decentralized exchanges  (DEX).  Lightning Network Speeds Toward Adoption  But though lnd 0.4-beta is the first LN implementation tagged as ready for mainnet usage, enthusiastic supporters had already begun using LN software.  As CCN  reported , the Lightning Network has more than 1,000 active nodes, though the network capacity is currently only about 4.5 BTC.  Lightning Labs encouraged users to continue to avoid putting too much money into LN payment channels in the near-term, as the software may still contain bugs that could result in lost funds.  “#Craefulgang, ” the developers wrote, citing HBO host John Oliver ’s  satirical segment on cryptocurrency investing  that aired last Sunday.  Also on Thursday, Lightning Labs announced that it had concluded a $2.5 million seed financing round from a group of high-profile Silicon Valley investors that included Jack Dorsey, CEO of Square and Twitter, as well as Robinhood co-founder Vlad Tenev and former PayPal COO David Sacks.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   SEC Investigating ‘Dozens’ of Cryptocurrency Startups, Official Confirms Twitter  The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has opened investigations into dozens of startups operating in the cryptocurrency space, an agency official confirmed on Thursday.  SEC Investigating ‘Dozens’ of Cryptocurrency Startups, Official Confirms  Stephanie Avakian, co-director of the SEC’s enforcement division, confirmed rumors that the agency was investigating a large number of initial coin offering (ICO) operators and associated firms for violations of federal securities regulations.  “We are very active, and I would just expect to see more and more,” Avakian said at an Investment Adviser Association conference in Washington, according to a report in  Bloomberg Law . “We’re doing obviously a lot in the crypto space, and we’re seeing a lot in the crypto space.”  Avakian  stated last year  that ICOs were quickly becoming a priority for the SEC ’s enforcement division, and the agency has  made clear its intent  to police the markets for this nascent fundraising mechanism.  SEC Ramps up ICO Oversight  Earlier this month, reports emerged that the SEC had  issued as many as 80 subpoenas  to ICO operators and advisers, seeking to investigate whether they had violated federal laws by holding unregistered securities offerings.  Overstock, whose subsidiary tZero is attempting to raise $250 million through an ICO,  acknowledged  that its token sale was under investigation, though CEO Patrick Byrne said that the company was voluntarily complying with the probe and had not received a subpoena. The firm has also  complained  that the probe is threatening not only its ICO but also its core business as an e-commerce retailer.  The SEC is also reportedly  probing cryptoasset hedge funds  for conflicts of interest, as well as information on how fund managers are valuing assets in their portfolios.  Finally, the agency has  warned  cryptocurrency exchanges that it is unlawful for them to list security tokens without registering with the agency as a securities trading platform  — a significant statement, given the SEC ’s  broad interpretation  of what tokens constitute securities.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   New York Cryptocurrency Miners Will Pay a Premium for Electricity  Twitter  Mining cryptocurrencies like bitcoin in the state of New York will become more expensive as power providers are now cleared to charge higher electricity rates for crypto mining firms.  In a  ruling  [PDF] on Thursday, the New York State Public Service Commission – the state’s public utility regulator – has allowed upstate municipal power authorities to charge higher power tariffs for companies in the crypto-mining business with high-density loads, from March.  An energy-intensive process, cryptocurrency mining is a process wherein miners are rewarded with coins for creating blocks of validated transactions and adding them to a blockchain using specialized computer chips that draw high amounts of power continually.  The move follows a petition by the New York Municipal Power Agency (NYMPA), a group of 36 municipal power providers in the state, citing concerns of higher electricity costs for residential and business customers due to soaring demand from crypto-mining companies. ‘The addition of high-density load customers can drastically increase the amount of supplemental power needed by th e systems and significantly increases costs to existing customers,’ an excerpt from the announcement read.  The petition also argued that cryptocurrency miners ‘do not bring the economic development traditionally associated with similar load-sized companies’ with fewer jobs and ‘little to no capital investment’ among the local community.  In certain cases of power consumption, the cryptocurrency mining firms accounted for a third of the local power provider’s total load, the announcement said, comparing it to “a large paper manufacturer, which might employ hundreds of workers, uses roughly one-fourth the amount of electricity on a per square foot basis that these high-density load customers.”  As a result, the regulator announced:  [T]he Commission will allow municipal power authorities to create a new tariff focusing on high-density load customers that do not qualify for economic development assistance and have a maximum demand exceeding 300 kW and a load density that exceeds 250 kWh per square foot per year, a usage amount far higher than traditional commercial customers.  The move to hike tariffs come within days of officials in the city of Plattsburgh – which falls under the NYMPA’s coverage area – considering  a temporary ban  on cryptocurrency mining operations locally.  New York power station image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Crypto Investment Firm Promising 200% Returns Slapped Down in Phillipines Twitter  The Filipino Securities and Exchange Commission has issued an  advisory  warning investors against investing in Onecash Trading. Onecash Trading claims to be a reliable digital currency trading platform that is mainly targeted at Filipino Investors. Looking at the site, it claims to educate both existing and new crypto traders on how they can venture into digital currency trading. The site seems to be riding on the  rising popularity of cryptocurrencies  in this country.  On the advisory, the commission said that Onecash Trading claimed to offer investors returns of up to 200% within one week. The advisor further states that there is asocial media link on Onecash Trading’s social media pages that investors can use to sign up on the website by paying a deposit of PHP 1,000(USD 50). As of writing, Onecash Trading ’s Facebook and Twitter pages couldn’t be accessed.  There are three ways through which investors can invest in this platform. One can opt to become a trader. Onecash Trading states that traders can earn as much as 25% every week on the capital invested. The second option through which investors can earn money on this platform is by becoming miners. Looking at the site, it states that you can become a miner instantly by “pushing  Buttons” and earning “crypto credits”. What these “buttons” are or what type of “credit” this is is quite fuzzy. Finally, the platform claims that investors can earn passive income by becoming affiliates and building teams. The platform further states that affiliates stand to get passive income up to the 10 th  level.  SEC has warned the public from investing in this platform and said that these investment schemes are subject to regulatory approval. SEC further informed the public that Onecash Trading hadn’t received any approval or license from the Commission as required by law under Section 8 of the Securities Regulation Code (SRC). This section states that securities shall not be offered f or sale or distribution in the Philippines without a registration statement that has been filed and approved by the Commission.  On Onecash ’s Trading site, there is no mention or posting citing any approval or licensing from the SEC. There is a terms and conditions section that briefly informs potential investors about the risks involved in this scheme. Under the Securities Regulation Code of the Philippines, entities that engage in trading of securities ought to receive their licensing and approval from the SEC.  This ensures that everyone involved in the scheme is protected.  Virtual currencies are considered to be securities  in the Philippines. Trading or selling them requires approval. Individuals who sell these securities also need to be licensed by the Commission.  Entities found guilty of contravening the Securities Regulations Code (SRC) stand to be fined an amount of up to PHP 5,000,000 (about USD 100,000) or imprisonment of not less than seven years and not more than twenty-one years. This has been clearly stated on Section 73 of the SRC.  The Commission also warned the public against inviting people to join the platform. Members of the public found inviting others stand to be criminally prosecuted. Apart from this, their records will be handed over to the taxman so that appropriate penalties and taxes may be calculated.  A hotline was provided on the advisory that the public can use to contact the Commission if they need more information concerning the site. As of writing, there hasn’t been any official response from Onecash Trading.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Retreat Digs Into Bitcoin Miner Profits Twitter  Bitcoin miners may be turning off their machines, at least until the bitcoin price rebounds. It ’s no secret the BTC price has been in a rut, which has dampened investor sentiment but now it ’s also interfering with the plans of ambitious mining projects that have flooded the market since bitcoin ’s peak at year-end.  The leading cryptocurrency has shed more than 50% of its value since its mid-December high of nearly $20,000 and is now hovering at about $8,495. Fundstrat Global Advisors ’ data science team developed a bitcoin mining model that has determined the current price level for BTC is below the threshold to profitably create it. The Fundstrat report, which was obtained by CCN, revealed it ’s basically a wash right to mine bitcoin currently.  “Bitcoin currently trades essentially at the break-even cost of mining a bitcoin, currently at $8,038 based on a mining model developed by our data science team, ” according to Fundstrat ’s Sam Doctor and Ken Xuan.  It ’s an unusual situation for the cost of mining to supersede that of the asset itself, Fundstrat says, suggesting that the current multiple represents a  “trough ” and that now is not the time to sell. Incidentally, today ’s BTC multiple is revisiting 2015 levels when it was at a  “secular bear market low, ” according to Fundstrat. At that time, the bitcoin price was just $176.50.  Fundstrat Model  The Fundstrat model is three-pronged, taking into account machine expenses, energy and the cost of overhead such as the cooling systems that prevent computer servers from overheating during the energy-intensive process of mining. The current market dynamics could just be enough to cause the miners to flip the switch, at least for now.  “In some cases, the miners may simply turn off the machines until the price comes back a bit. It ’s got to be getting to the point that some of them may be losing money, ” noted Blockchain Intelligence Group ’s Shone Anstey  quoted in a CNBC article .  Fundstrat Report  Miner profits have essentially been slashed by 50%. Adding insult to injury to miners, the price per transaction is also on the decline, all based on data cited by CNBC.  Risks and Rewards  When times are good, bitcoin mining pays off, with this China ’s Bitmain alone have generated between USD 3 billion and USD 4 billion in profits last year.  Fortune points out  that mining pools tied to Bitmain and BTC.com control more than 40% of bitcoin mining.  The hardware to perform bitcoin mining can run you anywhere from a few hundred dollars to several thousand dollars. But once the equipment becomes obsolete, the equipment must be replaced in order to remain competitive with all of the other volunteers who are using their GPUs to solve puzzles to advance the blockchain and earn their reward.  And according to the Fundstrat report, equipment upgrades comprise more than 50% of mining costs. Meanwhile, Fundstrat quantamental strategist Sam Doctor based the calculation to arrive at the BTC floor price in part on energy costs of $0.06 per kilowatt hour.  There is, however, a glass-half-full scenario surrounding the price dynamics for bitcoin mining, for speculators at least. If bitcoin is anything like its non-correlated precious metal cousins, equalling its cost of production suggests a price bottom is near.  March is historically a weak month for bitcoin, but hold onto your hats. Fundstrat notes April is one of the best months for BTC trading.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Philippines Senator Proposes Harsher Penalties for Cryptocurrency Crimes Twitter  A new bill filed by a Philippines lawmaker is seeking tougher consequences for citizens involved in cryptocurrency crimes.  According to a  new bill  proposed by opposition senator Leila M. de Lima to the country’s Senate, the lawmaker is proposing a penalty that is one degree higher than what is currently provided by Philippines’ penal code, for cryptocurrency-related crimes. Filed as Senate Bill (SB) 1694, the senator specifically pointed to illegal activities involving cryptocurrency such as bribery of public officials i n bitcoin, using crypto in payments for child pornography and scammers pedaling ‘fake bitcoins’ for unsuspecting adopters.  “[O]ur penal laws must adapt with the changing times and our criminal justice system must come prepared in the even that this is used in illegal activities,” she said, signaling caution in their abuse amid the advent and increasing popularity of cryptocurrencies in society.  The bill also proposes that the ‘gravity’ of the subsequent sentence should factor in the cryptocurrency’s value in Philippine pesos at the time of the crime. Further, De Lima’s bill also calls for the government to confiscate the cryptocurrency used in the crime, unless it is a property of a separate individual not liable for the illegal act.  Elaborating on the reasons for the bill, she added:  “Due to its anonymous or pseudonymous character, law enforcement agencies may encounter difficulty in tracing the user or owner of a virtual currency used in the commission of crimes, thereby necessitating a higher penalty for its use. ”  The proposed bill, which will need to be passed into law before any stiffer penalties are imposed, comes at a time when Philippine regulators are actively developing  guidelines  to curb fraud and investor risks in cryptocurrency transactions and initial coin offerings (ICOs). Notably, both Philippines’ central bank and the country’s securities regulator are  collaborating  over the effort, first revealed by central ban kgovernor Nestor Espenilla late last year after  acknowledging  the “strong growth potential in the [ICO] space”.  The Philippines is notably among the earliest countries, globally, to  issue regulations  for the cryptocurrency sector in early 2017. The move was heralded as a “ pioneering regulation ” by the central bank’s deputy director in a televised appearance last year while stating bitcoin was “fast, near real-time and convenient” in its usage as a payment and remittance instrument.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bittrex Will Remove 82 Tokens Due to Lack of Liquidity in Small Cryptocurrencies Twitter  Bittrex, one of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges which also powers UpBit, South Korea’s second biggest exchange operated by Kakao subsidiary Dunamoo, has stated that it will remove 82 tokens from its trading platform.  Token Removal  “Occasionally, there are circumstances that lead Bittrex to remove a coin ’s wallet or market from the Bittrex Exchange,”  said the Bittrex team . “We will be removing the wallets included in the list below on March 30, 2018. Once these wallets are removed, we will no longer be able to recover these coins. Users must withdrawal their coins before March 30, 2018, in order to keep them.”  The Bittrex team also stated that several cryptocurrencies have broken blockchains that have disabled users from withdrawing their balances.  “The coins marked with an asterisk (
INCREASE	   Billionaire Investor Peter Thiel Touts Bitcoin as Digital Gold Twitter  The billionaire venture capitalist is doubling down on BTC, likening the digital coin to gold ’s online equal.  Thiel touts the No. 1 cryptocurrency for its size and its ability to compete with gold as a safe haven, saying at the Economic Club of New York:  “I would be long bitcoin, and neutral to skeptical of just about everything else at this point with a few possible exceptions. There will be one online equivalent to gold, and the one you ’d bet on would be the biggest, ” said Thiel.  But with the exception of a few digital coins, Thiel remains neutral on the rest of the cryptocurrency pack. He didn ’t dismiss the possibility that bitcoin could be surpassed by Ethereum or other altcoins that prey on the leading cryptocurrency ’s weaknesses, but bitcoin ’s strength is in its size.  Bitcoin controls more than 40% of cryptocurrency market cap compared to almost one-fifth for Ethereum, as per Coin Market Cap data cited in CNBC.  Silver and Gold  The PayPal founder and Facebook ’s maiden major investor was clear that the direction he sees bitcoin headed in is as a store of value, not payments, the latter of which he characterized as a  “cumbersome ” application.  “I ’m not talking about a new payments system. It ’s like bars of gold in a vault that never move, and it ’s a sort of hedge of sorts against the whole world going falling apart. ”  Similar to how Thiel believes in theory No. 2 Ethereum could overtake No. 1 bitcoin, it ’s not likely to happen, just as silver has not managed to overtake leading asset class gold.  Thiel ’s BTC Buying Spree  Meanwhile, Thiel ’s bullish BTC prediction isn ’t a slam dunk, with him placing the odds of bitcoin becoming worthless at between 50% and 80% compared to a 20% to 50% likelihood that the BTC price advances, falling short of providing any timeline for his theory.  “Probability weighted it ’s good, and the question of how to time this I ’m not going to try to do that precisely, ” Thiel said.  But don ’t let the percentages scare you, as Thiel ’s venture capital firm Founders Fund has been scooping up BTC for the past six years. In fact, his firm has amassed between USD 15 million and  USD 20 million in bitcoin during that time, ” according to reports.  The timing of Thiel ’s prediction for bitcoin as a hedge for Armageddon was furtuitous after just a few days ago the hatch on a cargo plane in Russia somehow  opened and spilled  three tons of physical gold bars worth a reported USD 378 million onto a runway in Russia. Perhaps the universe is trying to say something.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Exchange Coinbase Introduces New Tax Calculator Twitter  Coinbase has  added  new tax features for its customers.  The new features are aimed at simplifying the often complex process of paying tax and come with a reminder that gains made from digital currencies are taxable in the US.  Under IRS guidance virtual currencies are treated as property, meaning that investors must pay taxes adjusted to the fair market value of the asset at the time of each transaction. It ’s a process that Coinbase has tried to make easier in the past, providing a complete report of all transactions from which investors can work out their profit and loss. Today ’s update goes one step further, however, and gives investors a one-click tax solution. Using the new first-in-first-out tool it ’s possible to generate a total profit/loss figure based on historical price data, the figure that tax authorities need to see. However, Coinbase stress that they are not providing tax advice and customers should consult professionals before taking any action.  It ’s important to note that the new tool is only of use to customers who have solely used Coinbase for their digital asset investments. If they have participated in an ICO or sent funds to a private wallet or another exchange (including GDAX  – Coinbase ’s back end platform), the tool will not function accurately, and they will be required to work out the figure manually.  An example of the FIFO tool is provided by Coinbase, where a customer bought five Ethereum and then sold two of them:      Tax on virtual currencies is a confusing and murky area, as digital assets are still new and official protocols are not well established. According to a study of over 250,000 US digital asset investors only 0.04% are  paying tax,  and Coinbase ’s move to simplify the process is likely an effort to change this and promote compliance. The company has increasingly been under the eye of regulatory bodies.  Last year Coinbase was  ordered  by the IRS to had over data related to 14,000 customers accounts, following a lengthy legal battle. The IRS initially wanted a complete breakdown of all users of the platform, but Coinbase was able to reduce the data handover to only users who had traded over $20,000  – some 3% of the total 480,000. Following the battle, David Farmer, director of communications at the exchange spoke of wanting to improve relations with the IRS and come to a fair agreement regarding the taxation of virtual currencies. The update from the company is seemingly one move to do just that and comes as a bid to improve poor relations between cryptocurrency users and  tax officials.  Coinbase provides a link to this  guidance  from the IRS for those wishing to better understand the IRS ’s stance on digital asset taxation.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Trump’s New Economic Adviser Hints at Friendly Tax Policy for Crypto Investors Twitter  President Donald Trump’s new economic adviser has his sights set on lowering the capital gains tax rate, a move that would prove to be a huge boon to cryptocurrency investors.  Earlier this week, Trump announced that he had tapped Larry Kudlow to become the new White House economic adviser, filling a post left vacant by outgoing adviser Gary Cohn.  Kudlow, a former Bear Stearns economist and CNBC contributor, said during a  lengthy interview  with his former network that he wants to implement “phase two” of the White House’s tax overhaul, a reform package that he says should include a lower capital gains rate.  A lower capital gains rate would likely be welcomed by cryptocurrency investors and traders because the US Internal Revenue Service (IRS) classifies cryptocurrencies as “ property ” for tax purposes.  Whenever a US resident disposes of his or her cryptocurrency holdings  — whether by selling it or using it to purchase the proverbial cup of coffee  — he or she is supposed to make a record of the transaction and report to the IRS any gains or losses realized at the time of disposal.  Net profits are taxed as  capital gains , rates for which vary both on the income level of the individual as well as how long he or she held the investment.  Short-term gains  — which include investments held for less than a year  — are taxed at the same rate as the filer ’s ordinary income, while long-term investments receive a more favorable tax treatment.  The highest rate for long-term capital gains is 20 percent, which applies to filers who fall into the top 39.6 percent tax bracket for ordinary income. Certain high-income individuals may also be subject to a 3.8 percent surtax.  Previously, trading between cryptocurrencies was likely not a taxable event, since it was considered a  “like-kind ” exchange (The IRS has not given definitive guidance on this, but this is the  position  that many tax analysts have taken).  However, due to a provision in last year ’s tax overhaul, these like-kind exchanges trigger taxable events for all transactions that occur after Jan. 1, 2018.  This could prove hazardous for many cryptocurrency traders, particularly those that deal in high-volatility small cap coins. An investor or trader could realize a taxable event when exchanging Bitcoin for an altcoin, for example, and he would still face that tax liability even if the altcoin stake later becomes worthless.  Lowering the capital gains rate would mitigate that risk  — at least somewhat  — and it would also provide long-term hodlers with the ability to take money off the table without having to put quite so much of it in Uncle Sam ’s coffer.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Taiwan’s New Central Bank Chief Uncertain of State Cryptocurrency Twitter  The new governor of Taiwan’s central bank has expressed “uncertainty” over cryptocurrencies’ function as a payment instrument.  In a meeting with lawmakers this week, Taiwan’s new central bank governor Yang Chin-long was asked about the central bank’s current stance and outlook for cryptocurrencies at a time when a number of central banking counterparts around the world explore a blockchain-based state cryptocurrency issued by them.  According to Taiwanese publication  Apple Daily , the central banker – having overseen the central bank’s crypto report late last year as deputy chief – claimed cryptocurrencies aren’t working as payments, citing their speculative nature.  More pointedly, the report suggests that the central banker “wanted to go in [that] direction [of payments]” but cryptocurrencies turned into commodities that exhibit price volatility under market speculation.  Yang further argued that no central bank has issued a statutory cryptocurrency just yet, with a number of endeavors still “in testing”. Taiwan’s central bank is currently keeping an eye on the trend and “doing experimentation” of its own at the moment. As things stand, the central banker stressed the authority isn’t exploring the issuance of Taiwanese dollars as a blockchain-ba sed cryptocurrency.  During his ceremonial swear-in last month, Yang claimed the central bank will keep “an open mind” toward new technologies like big data AI and blockchain. With a focus on the country’s payments system, specifically, the central banker said the central bank would explore “the feasibility of enhancing the security and efficiency of payments systems using decentralized blockchain  technology.”  Yang’s remarks this week follows those of Taiwan’s vice president of the executive branch of government Shih Jun-ji who suggested measures to manage the impact of cryptocurrencies by stating they  should not be underestimated  by the government.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Continues to Slump, Bitcoin Remains Stable at $8,200 Twitter  The cryptocurrency market has continued to slump over the past few weeks, as both major and minor cryptocurrencies followed the price trend of bitcoin.  Bitcoin’s Lead  Throughout the past 24 hours, bitcoin hasn’t recorded large price movements and remained in the range of $7,900 to $8,300. At the time of reporting, the price of bitcoin is $8,190, with relatively low trading volumes to support its recovery.   Tom Lee, an analyst at Wall Street firm Fundstrat and known to be a bitcoin bull, stated that the price of bitcoin will likely drop to a yearly low before recording a swift recovery.  “When sentiment is this weak, the market is increasingly ’fire, ready, aim’  — meaning, any headline today is likely to trigger selling,” wrote Lee, who emphasized that the next support level is $7,535, followed by $5,873. Given that the $8,370 support level has been breached, Lee explained that it is possible bitcoin could fall to $7,535, and make its way down to $5,873 before recovering to its previous levels.  While traders still believe the price of bitcoin will likely suffer another correction before a short-term recovery occurs, billionaires including Peter Thiel and Alan Howard have expressed their optimism towards the cryptocurrency market.  Howard, who acquired a massive amount of cryptocurrencies in 2017, stated that he has obtained even more digital assets this year, essentially buying the “dip.”   “Hedge fund billionaire Alan Howard made sizable personal investments in cryptocurrencies last year and plans to put more of his own money into digital assets and the blockchain technology behind them, according to people with knowledge of the matter,”  Bloomberg reported.  At the Economic Club in New York City, billionaire investor Peter Thiel  stated  that he is still long on bitcoin, and that he is more optimistic towards the cryptocurrency than before. Thiel emphasized that he is skeptical towards everything else, including major cryptocurrencies, apart from bitcoin.   Peter Thiel had three takeaways speaking at Economic Club in NYC today:  1. Never bet against Elon Musk 2. Money is bubble that never pops 3. Long Bitcoin in a big way  — Pomp 🌪 (@APompliano)  March 15, 2018  Fundamentally, bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies should be rising in value as of current, given the speedy developments that are being led within the cryptocurrency space. This week, second-layer scaling solution for bitcoin in Lightning Network was launched in mainnet, through the launch of its beta software.  “lnd-0.4 beta is a huge accomplishment by many engineers, testers, and users around the world, but it’s the very beginning for the Lightning Network. As users begin to experiment with Lightning and as the network begins to grow, we’ll be working on a number of key infrastructure components that will contribute to the instant, user-friendly experience Lightning can bring to Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies,”  wrote the Lightning development team.  However, the market is not focusing on the innovative developments happening within the space, and is depending on negative media coverage involving traditional finance experts criticizing bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies without sound arguments and evidence.  Difficult Period  This is a period in which negative news leads to market panic while positive news does not have a huge impact on the market. Given the current trend of cryptocurrencies, while analysts agree they will recover in the long-term, major digital currencies will likely not be able to make big upward movements in the short-term.\  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Analyst Predicts Bitcoin Price Drop to $2,800 This Year Twitter  Bitcoin ’s pending  “death cross ” has left investors worried and confused.  According to a graph posted by  Bloomberg , the 50-day moving average is getting close to the 200-day moving average. If it touches the latter, or worse, goes below it, bitcoin will suffer a great loss.  Considering these trends and comparing these activities to BTC ’s price in 2013, technical analyst Paul Day from Market Securities Dubai Ltd., has claimed that the value will eventually drop to $2,800.  “There’s been a definitive shift over the past couple of months after the bubble activity at the end of 2017, ” said Day.  2013 is often remembered as one of the  worst crashes  in BTC history. First, the price dropped from $233 to $67 in April, a 71% drop in 12 hours, then the price remained extremely volatile in the last two months. It broke records on Nov. 30, 2013 with a value of $1,126, but declined by 19% within 24 hours, only to recover on Dec. 5, 2013 to $1,155. The price kept decreasing by 41% and increasing by 47%, before dropping to a surpr ising value of $503 on Dec. 19, 2013. From an all time high of the first week of December, the price had declined by 56%. The price drop was such that it took bitcoin over three years to finally cross the $1,000 barrier again.  Day isn ’t the only analyst predicting a low value for bitcoin in the future.  Robert Sluymer , technical strategist at Fundstrat Global Advisors, wrote that  “Bitcoin will begin to show evidence of bottoming short-term closer to $5,873. ”  Charlie Munger , Vice Chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., has openly called bitcoin  “a noxious poison ”. Munger also called it disgusting and said that he hated it ever since it was created.  Meanwhile, bitcoin bull  John Mcafee  predicted that the price will reach $1 million by the year 2020. Even Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase ’s chairman and CEO, who previously called BTC a  ‘bubble ’ has amended his statements.  “I regret making comments saying Bitcoin is a fraud. The blockchain is real. You can have crypto yen and dollars and stuff like that,  ” said Dimon.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Drops to $8,300 as Mt. Gox Trustee Sell Off Continues, Market Drops Twitter  Yesterday, on March 9, CCN reported that the sell off of hundreds of millions of dollars, and the plan of the trustee to dump the remaining $1.7 billion worth of bitcoin into the market have caused the price of bitcoin to drop substantially in a short period of time.  Bitcoin Drops  Since March 7, within a 48-hour span, the price of bitcoin decreased from $10,600 to $8,300, recording a staggering $2,300 drop in value. The entire market followed bitcoin’s price trend, as the three largest cryptocurrencies behind bitcoin in Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, and Ripple all declined by 11 percent, by the same exact margin as bitcoin.   Analysts like WhalePanda have attributed to the recent fall to the massive sell off of bitcoin by the Mt. Gox trustee, and the controversial decision of the trustee to sell 40,000 bitcoin on a cryptocurrency exchange, rather than over-the-counter (OTC) platforms.  “MtGox was terrible and the incompetent way they are handling is terrible, saying that Bitcoin has been crashing since all-time high because of it is just silly. It ’s only’ 40,000 BTC. It is about the same as claiming that Tether caused the run to $20k. People love their narratives though,”  said WhalePanda.  However, the sale of 40,000 bitcoin is not the end of the Mt. Gox trustee’s sell off of bitcoin. According to the official document released by the Mt. Gox trustee, more than $1.7 billion worth of bitcoin is expected to be sold in the next few months.  The official document of the Mt. Gox trustee referring to Bitcoin Cash as BCC  read:  “As a result of the consultation with the court, I considered it necessary and reasonable to sell a certain amount of BTC and BCC at this point and secure a certain amount of money for distribution resources, and thus, I sold the amount of BTC and BCC above. I made efforts to sell BTC and BCC at as high a price as possible in light of the market price of BTC and BCC at the timing of sale. I plan to consult with the court and determine further sale of BTC and BCC.”  $1.7 Billion  If the Mt. Gox trustee continues to dump large amounts of bitcoin on cryptocurrency exchanges rather than in the OTC market wherein big buyers can trade with each other, the price of bitcoin will continue to be affected by the sale.  Ethereum co-founder and Cardano founder Charles Hoskinson stated that bitcoin may have been overvalued at $19,000 if a short-term sell off by a single entity could lead the price of the cryptocurrency to fall by a margin like this, emphasizing the liquidity problem in the cryptocurrency market.  “Was bitcoin really worth $20,000 a coin if an event like this has such a profound impact on the market? We need an index of how much the market can afford to liquidate without crashing for each cryptocurrency; call it the ΔL metric,” said Hoskinson.  It remains unclear whether the Mt. Gox trustee will dump over a billion dollars worth of bitcoin on exchanges as planned, or move to OTC market to prevent market manipulation.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Foundation Announces Millions in Grants for Dapps and Smart Contracts Twitter  The  Ethereum Foundation  has announced the first grants to support dapps and smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain. The grants, announced on an Ethereum  blog , are designed to support developers with R &D, experience and education.  The foundation views the grants as a signal to the community of its need to find the missing pieces of the Ethereum ecosystem that need more support.  The foundation plans to increase its efforts to support the community to make Ethereum scalable, useful and secure.  While the grant program was announced as a strictly scalability focused program  two months ago, it decided to broaden the support to projects also addressing usefulness and security.  Teams that win a grant receive non-dilutive funding, technical advice, connections to more users and a platform to share their work on.  Why Funding Is Needed  Scalability, usefulness and security projects have no ICOs or token sales, but simply focus on building useful products and experiences.  Scalability can take the form of deploying sharding, plasma or state channels. It can also take the form of optimizing geth/parity or building alternate clients.  Usefulness takes the form of improving the developer experience or experimenting with new dapps that offer utility to the end user. Improving the developer experience can include static analyzers, linters, development frameworks, mobile SKDs, documentation or  Solidity /Vyper development.  Security can take the form of auditing existing contracts to creating tools to eliminate error prone programming patterns to developing alternative second layer languages focusing on security.  New Focus: Design  The foundation is also starting to engage the design community to address product and UX design problems. Areas in need of improvement for mainstream adoption include key management, Ethereum payments, UX and onboarding flows. The foundation wants to fund design studies and hire designers to connect with teams.  The Ethereum project began with open source developers contributing to the project in their spare time. This has led to a “hackternship” grant for members who propose an impactful side project.  The grants are as follows:  L4 Research – Scalability Grant – $1.5M. State channels research. Runtime Verification – Security Grant – $500K. Casper contract formal verification. ETHGlobal – DevEx Grant – $200K. World-class developer conferences for Ethereum. Prysmatic Labs – Scalability Grant – $100K. Sharding implementation. DDA – #build Grant – $100K. Tokenless decentralized derivatives network + state channels R &D. Barcelona Supercomputing Center – Scalability Grant – $50K. Sharding simulation. Plasma Taiwan Dev – Scalability Grant – $25K. Plasma implementation. Ethers.js – DevEx Grant – $25K. Web3.js alternative. Turbo Geth – Scalability Grant – $25K. Geth optimization. Solium – DevEx Grant – $10K. Solidity static analyzer. Alex Komarov – Design Grant – $10K. Key management UX study. (Anonymous) – Hackternship – $10K. Deterministic WebAssembly. Ankit Raj – Hackternship – $10K. Technical writing for Geth and Solidity.  The foundation announced that wants to see more applications in the following areas:  1. Scalability 1. Alternate sharding implementations 2. Alternate plasma implementations 3. Improving efficiency of existing clients such as geth and parity 4. A tokenless “Lightning Network” for Ethereum  2. Usefulness 1. UX design studies to improve private key management and transacting in Ethereum 2. Alternative wallet/client designs 3. Tooling that improves developer experience 4. Improved documentation and developer/user education videos  3. Security 1. Security audits for Solidity and Vyper 2. Smart contract audits 3. Tooling that prevents vulnerable code  4. “Hackternships” The foundation will fund a 10-week “externship” for spare time work on Ethereum. Successful projects will be featured at a developer conference. The foundation is also looking to hire from this pool of side projects.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cash Might Die but No Hurry to Develop Digital Currency: China Central Bank Chief Twitter  The governor of China’s central bank has admitted that physical cash may become obsolete one day but insists the authority isn’t rushing to release a cryptocurrency.  Speaking during China’s annual Two Sessions conference in Beijing today, People’s Bank of China (PBoC) governor Zhou Xiaochuan claimed the authority is in no hurry to develop a digital currency. The governor was answering questions during a press conference on the sidelines of China’s annual political event when he appeared to criticize decentralized cryptocurrencies like bitco in while suggesting that a central bank-issued cryptocurrency would avoid speculation and focus on ‘serving the real economy’, the official press agency for the PBoC  Xinhua  reported.  He reportedly stated:  “We must prevent major mistakes that would lead to irreparable losses, so we are cautious. We don’t like creating products for speculation and making people have the illusion that they can get rich overnight. ”  Zhou, who is expected to  retire  this year, has presided over the central bank through an unprecedented wave of scrutiny against the domestic cryptocurrency sector. Led by the PBoC, a number of Chinese regulators and authorities phased out cryptocurrency exchanges out of the country before following it up with a blanket ban on initial coin offerings (ICOs) last year.  The official’s remarks follow rumors of Chinese regulators moving to block cryptocurrency exchanges’  social media accounts  in recent days as regulators target domestic investors and cryptocurrency adopters  trading on overseas platforms . In February, a report by a PBoC-run newspaper said authorities would “take regulatory measures against ICOs and virtual currency exchanges inside and outside the country” with measures including  banning and blocking access  to crypto exchanges on the internet.  Meanwhile, China’s central bank continues to develop its own cryptocurrency after  establishing  a new ‘digital currency research institute’ in mid-2017 amid increasing calls to  adopt and issue  a state cryptocurrency. The central bank has already completed a digital currency trial  over a blockchain  that included a number of major commercial banks as participants.  Still, Zhou’s remarks today are in contrast to an official release by the PBoC in January 2016 where the authority revealed it would look to issue its own digital currency “ as soon as possible .”  Featured image from YouTube/ CCTV+ .  
INCREASE	   Crypto Exchange Bittrex: We’re Compliant With SEC’s ICO Rules Twitter  US-based cryptocurrency exchange Bittrex says that it is compliant with federal regulations governing securities trading.  The exchange, which is headquartered in Seattle, issued a  statement  on Wednesday assuring its customers that its token review process is compliant with rules that prohibit companies from creating trading markets for unregistered securities.  Bittrex said:  “As a U.S.-based digital currency exchange, Bittrex is committed to incubating new blockchain technology projects and offering innovative, compliant digital tokens to our customers. Bittrex uses a robust digital token review process to ensure the tokens listed on the exchange are compliant with U.S. law and are not considered securities.”  The statement was a direct response to an announcement published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  — also released on Wednesday  — that warned it is “ potentially unlawful ” for cryptocurrency exchanges to list initial coin offering (ICO) tokens, as the agency deems many of these ICOs to be unregistered securities offerings.  The agency signaled that it intends to crack down on cryptocurrency trading platforms that list  security tokens , a move that appears to be a bid to coax exchanges to register with the SEC, which would provide regulators with more authority to supervise the nascent cryptocurrency spot trading markets.  Most exchanges are currently licensed at the state level as money transmitter businesses, and US regulators have stated their desire to  implement more oversight  at the federal level.  Responding to the SEC ’s warning, Bittrex  noted  that as a part of its listing process it typically requires a memorandum or opinion from a US-qualified law firm that “presents the factual and legal basis” that a token “is not a security under applicable securities laws” and that trades of the token “would not be subject to regulation under any applicable laws applicable to trading of commodities.”  “Bittrex is committed to helping advance the United States’ global leadership in this emerging industry, and we look forward to continuing our proactive dialogue with the SEC and other regulators on how to build a secure, fully-regulated environment for blockchain that encourages innovation and economic growth, ” the firm concluded.  Feature image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   US Regulators Working Together to Combat Crypto Fraud, Says CFTC’s Giancarlo Twitter  US regulators have begun to coordinate with their overseas counterparts to combat cryptocurrency fraud, Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Chairman J. Christopher Giancarlo said Wednesday.  Giancarlo revealed this international effort during a U.S. House of Representatives committee hearing on the CFTC’s budget for fiscal year 2019, adding that officials in the Treasury Department and Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) were also involved in the collaboration.  “The CFTC has been in close communication with the SEC with respect to policy and jurisdictional considerations, and in connection with our recent enforcement cases,” he testified, according to a  transcript  of his statement, which was published online by Mondo Visione. “We have also been working with the U.S. Treasury and the FSOC. In addition, we have been in communication with our foreign counterparts through bilateral discussions and the International Organization of Securities Commissions.”  Notably,  Forbes  said that Giancarlo was forced to defend his agency’s decision to devote resources to regulating Bitcoin derivatives and combatting cryptocurrency-related fraud after Rep. Rosa DeLauro (D-CT) chastised him for using his “limited budget” on an asset class in which only five percent of Americans are invested (a figure that originated in a recent survey).  As CCN reported, the CFTC has ramped up its investigations into cryptocurrency-related fraud and market manipulation in recent months as part of its renewed emphasis on its  “back-to-basics ” approach to market oversight.  According to a  Wall Street Journal  report published at the end of February, the CFTC has filed 11 manipulated-related cases during the current fiscal year, which is just one case shy of its annual record. The agency ’s fiscal year does not end until September, making it likely the CFTC will shatter this record, in no small part because of an increase in cryptocurrency-linked fraud.  In January, the CFTC filed fraud suits against three cryptocurrency investment schemes, including one  — Cabbage Tech  — that allegedly swindled at least $1.1 million worth of BTC from more than 600 investors.  The agency also recently issued an  investor warning  on cryptocurrency pump-and-dump schemes, advertising that whistleblowers could be eligible for monetary rewards.  
INCREASE	   Winklevoss Twins Hint at Gemini Support for Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash; Big Implications for CBOE Futures? Twitter  In my previous article  “ CBOE Completes Upgrade, Other Crypto Futures Coming? “, I speculated that now that the CBOE had finished it ’s latency reduction upgrades it would begin to introduce more currencies. This prediction seems to have at least partially shown some validity with statements coming out of the  CBOE   Risk Management Conference  on Friday which featured a  fireside chat  with  Gemini  founders Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss. In the fireside chat, Cameron and Tyler said that the CBOE is interested in expanding to more cryptocurrencies. The only reason they haven ’t yet is actually Gemini ’s lack of support for coins other than Bitcoin and Ethereum.  This is significant because it means that CBOE fully intends to issue futures on other cryptocurrencies. The hold-up, it would appear, is Gemini itself. At the moment Gemini only offers  Bitcoin  and  Ethereum . This is a problem since CBOE has an exclusive deal with Gemini that it will only use Gemini to calculate it ’s futures. Therefore, in order for the CBOE to add more coins, Gemini also needs to add more coins. This also means that Ethereum, which is already offered on Gemini, is likely to come to the CBOE future markets very soon.  What is the CBOE?  The CBOE (Chicago Board Options Exchange) is a futures market that was among the first to get the go-ahead to offer futures on Bitcoin. Like any other futures, these need a data source to track. In this case, that data source was the prices on the  Gemini Exchange  founded by the  billionaire  famous (or infamous, if you ’re a fan of  The Social Network ) Winklevoss Twins.  The Winklevoss Twins at the CBOE Risk Management Conference  The partnership has received  criticism  in the past for several reasons. Aside from the lack of diversity in the coins offered on the exchange, the most prominent concern is the trading volume. The futures markets are entirely based on the performance of Bitcoin on the Winklevosses trading platform and low trading volume makes the platform easy to manipulate for relatively little cash. For reference, as this article is being written  CoinMarketCap  has  Bitcoin  at $9,346.50 while  Gemini  has Bitcoin at $9,224.71. These price differences are not insignificant: especially on trades involving millions of dollars. Market manipulations exploiting the low trading volume of Gemini have been an ongoing concern and the addition of more coins has the potential to exacerbate the problem by diluting the trading volume of individual coins.  What comes next?  In line with my last article, it ’s reasonable to assume Ethereum will be the next cryptocurrency to have a CBOE derivative. It ’s #2 on  CoinMarketCap  and the only other cryptocurrency that is trading on Gemini at the moment. I ’d be surprised if nothing was announced in the next month.  At the same time, we can expect to see more coins being added to  Gemini . Considering the Winklevosses comments on pressure from the CBOE to add more coins, we can only assume that new coins added on Gemini will be next in line for the CBOE.  How will this affect the crypto markets?  If the past is any indication, the introduction of new futures will cause a price boom. When the addition of Bitcoin was announced on the CBOE markets the price soared 13%. It wouldn ’t surprise me at all if we saw Ethereums price boost on news of it ’s addition to the CBOE markets.  Additionally, I anticipate huge price boosts for any lower market cap currencies added to Gemini. As it ’s logical that most traders will reach the same conclusion we did and predict that any coin added to Gemini is something the CBOE pushed for, given the two companies special relationship. The futures markets have seemed to do two things so far. First of all, they seem to have stabilized the price of Bitcoin (although whether or not this constitutes causation or correlation is very much up for debate). They have also legitimized the currencies in the eyes of many Wall Street traders now engaged in the Bitcoin futures markets.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   $250 Million Target: Cryptocurrency Hedge Fund Gains Support From Major Investors Twitter  Multicoin Capital, a cryptocurrency-focused hedge fund which leads 3 to 4-year long-term investments in the cryptocurrency market, has raised millions of dollars from some of the largest venture capital firms in the technology sector, including Andreessen Horowitz.  Advantage of Cryptocurrencies  The hedge fund aims to raise over $250 million from accredited angel investors and major VC firms, to invest in cryptocurrencies within the global market. So far, Multicoin Capital raised over $50 million.  Apart from Andreessen Horowitz partners including Marc Andreessen and Chris Dixon, former PayPal CEO Davic Sacks, Color Genomics co-founder Elad Gil, and Craft Ventures partner Bill Lee invested in the cryptocurrency hedge fund, Multi-coin Capital co-founder Kyle Samani  told Fortune.  Samani noted that cryptocurrencies have recently become a legitimate and a rapidly growing asset class, a sentiment that was shared by several executives in the traditional finance sector including JPMorgan strategist Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou, who  previously explained  that the emergence of futures exchanges could allow bitcoin to compete with gold in the long-term.  “What you’re seeing is the next wave of serious investment coming to an exciting, recently-legitimized asset class,” said Samani, emphasizing that the cryptocurrency market is still at its early phase in terms of adoption, development, liquidity, and infrastructure.  Although the valuation of the cryptocurrency market remains below $0.5 trillion and it is still a relatively small market in comparison to traditional assets like gold, Samani said that cryptocurrencies have an advantage over traditional assets due to its liquidity.  In the cryptocurrency market, any individual trader or investor can freely invest in any cryptocurrency or token without the need for accredition or formal verification. As such, the cryptocurrency market enables anyone to invest freely, providing significant liquidity to both large and small cryptocurrencies or blockchain projects.  “While there are lots of similarities between crypto investing and traditional startup investing, there are many differences. Most obviously, crypto assets become liquid much sooner in their life cycles than traditional private equity. In addition to liquidity, everything in crypto is open source, which requires thinking about investing in a fundamentally different way,” said S amani.  Many major cryptocurrency exchanges such as Binance, OKEx, Huobi, Upbit, and Bithumb are processing over a billion dollars in cryptocurrency trades. Binance, OKEx, and Huobi, three of the largest exchanges in the world, only provide cryptocurrency-to-cryptocurrency support, and still process nearly $1.5 billion worth of trades on a daily basis, a volume that surpasses stock mar kets in most economies like South Korea.  Long-Term  But, unlike the other 200 cryptocurrency-focused hedge funds that are generally targeting short to mid-term profits and returns, Multicoin Capital is seeking for long-term returns. Given the exponential growth rate of the cryptocurrency market, 3 to 4 years in the cryptocurrency market is comparable to 30 to 40 years in traditional markets, primarily because the cryptocurrency  market operates 24/7.  In regards to the long-term growth and adoption of cryptocurrencies, the acknowledgement of the asset class by key venture capital firms and angel investors can be considered as an optimistic sign, especially in a volatile period like this.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Opinion: Bitcoin is Doomed for Success Twitter  Each passing day, it is harder to stay neutral to the overwhelming popularity of crypto world. Governments are taking stances, new converts are boosting market capitalization, ICOs get issued, and new exchange and mining companies appear on the radar.  Still being in a middleware phase, cryptocurrency is adopted and pushed into the day-to-day activity with a hitherto unprecedented speed. It looks like humanity’s adoption and the learning curve is becoming way steeper. Each year we are getting readier to embrace each revolutionary idea.  If we look at the traditional curve of technological adoption innovations’ popularity is very much dependent on the number of its use cases. At the moment there is no a real change and significant improvement delivered by virtual currency.  FOMO  It is fear that drives bitcoin. With the advent of Bitcoin, we are now faced with the modern day example of game theory. And while we are way before any useful and groundbreaking application of Bitcoin, FOMO is the strongest market force behind Bitcoin’s worldwide popularity.  Thus, it is not the acknowledgment of Bitcoin’s usefulness but a fear of missing out on this very usefulness when it comes. You don’t want to be the one banning crypto during its ambiguous phase just to miss out big when crypto shoots high.  The promised benefits of anonymity, breaking loose of the dictate of nation states and the chance to finally build one’s desired American dream look so understandably good. This is why the world unilaterally agreed on Bitcoin’s appeal without any timelines or guarantees.  A Global Angel Investment Exercise in Bitcoin to Stay in the Game for a Potential IPO  China can ban mining and Japan can ban exchanges. Turkey can issue their national cryptocurrency and the USA can impose taxation on crypto investments. All these just to lose out to the next Ireland who will ease the tax burden on crypto companies and reap off a return on a worldwide angel investment.  Truth is, everyone wants to be Ireland and no one wants to miss out.  The price of Bitcoin is already a huge bubble. And the price might grow way more as the world is headed towards the new fad of FOMO fever. But you know what? The price is justified! If people are buying, the price will keep climbing.  Giving up on the promise of crypto will be an acknowledgment of our powerlessness. It’s like saying we are going to die of cancer anyway and we are free to forego decades of extensive research. We will not buy it! The sunk costs are too high. We want to live! And if it means billions in investment,  –  let it be. There is no coming back, no acceptance of defeat.  In such a scenario, the only thing Bitcoin can really do is keep growing until a widespread, mainstream real-life application gets introduced wherein millions of adopters get onboard.  And as with computers, AI or virtual reality, the application of crypto will come. It might take another year or a decade. But it will come. And if it does not come to the majority of the world it has clearly arrived to the main stakeholders and crypto ecosystem creators. And they are not ready to give up on the game.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   The First Blockchain-Backed Presidential Election Just Took Place in Sierra Leone Twitter  On March 7, 2018 the world ’s first blockchain-backed presidential vote took place in Sierra Leone. As election   suspense heightened , a Swiss blockchain startup,  Agora,  was working hard behind the scenes to help process and tally the results using blockchain technology.  In this particular election, Agora utilized a custom permissioned blockchain technology that it has built over the last two years. According to   Monax , permissioned blockchain networks allow the network to appoint a group of participants in the network who are given the express authority to provide the validation of blocks of transactions or to participate in consensus.  For Agora and Sierra Leone officials, this meant the secure transfer of information to a verifiable blockchain ledger, where independent node operators including the Red Cross, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, and the University of Fribourg were able to tally and verify each ballot and the election results. Leo Gammar, the CEO of Agora, told CCN, “I am grateful to Sierra  Leone for showing the world how visionary they are in bringing free and transparent elections to their people.”  For Sierra Leone, this election was particularly notable, as it was also the   first time in the country’s history  that more than two candidates had a significant chance of winning, creating the possibility for a more diversified parliament. Historically since 1961, the ruling All People ’s Congress (APC) party and the Sierra Leone People ’s Party (SLPP) have dominated the country’s parliament. A total of 16 candidates were on the ballot in this election.  This event marks an important first step towards improving the democratic process in countries historically impacted by   fraud and corruption  with paper ballots. While still early, the implications of blockchain voting could be transformative to democracies around the world. Blockchain technology improves upon previous digital voting systems by ensuring transparency, safety and voter anonymity.  According to Jaron Lukasiewicz, Agora’s COO, additional benefits of using a blockchain voting system versus paper ballots include reduced costs, the removal of human error and faster public access to election results. He explained, “All elections in the future will use blockchain voting systems. Blockchain is the only technology in existence today that can offer a fully-transpa rent platform for verifiably honest elections.“  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   South Korea’s Largest Hotel Booking Platform Will Accept Cryptocurrency Twitter  Yeogi Eottae, a major South Korean hotel booking platform which translates to “How is This Place?,” has partnered with the country’s largest cryptocurrency exchange to integrate cryptocurrency.  Major Partnership  As Bithumb has done with other retailers like WeMakePrice, a leading e-commerce platform in South Korea well known for its timely deals and discounts, the Bithumb team will likely enable the hotel booking platform to integrate all of the cryptocurrencies listed on the Bithumb platform including bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, EOS, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, and more.  TokenPost, a local cryptocurrency-focused media outlet overseen by EconoTimes,  revealed that  Bithumb has announced its strategic partnership with the hotel booking platform on March 6.   Bithumb spokesperson stated that its partnership with the hotel booking platform will allow South Korea to begin following the trend established by Japan and the US in adopting cryptocurrencies like bitcoin as a payment method and medium of exchange. The spokesperson further emphasized that businesses within South Korea are trying to make cryptocurrency transactions as easy as  cash payments.  The statement released by Bithumb spokesperson translated at CCN read:  “Through the formation of a strategic partnership between Bithumb and South Korea’s largest hotel booking platform Yeogi Eottae, South Korea will now be able to follow the global trend of utilizing cryptocurrencies as a proper payment method. Bithumb and Yeogi Eottae are discussing ways to efficiently process cryptocurrency transactions to ensure that spending cryptocurrencies  is as easy as spending fiat money or cash.”  Already, South Korea’s two largest retailers in Yeogi Eottae and WeMakePrice have partnered with Bithumb to integrate cryptocurrencies and process payments in major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ethereum.  The integration of cryptocurrencies by online applications and platforms widely utilized by casual users and consumers will lead to a drastic increase in cryptocurrency adoption, especially if the two companies work closely with Bithumb to provide special offers to users utilizing cryptocurrencies.  Increase in Adoption  Expectedly, the demand for cryptocurrencies fell in South Korea after a major market correction occured in January, and as the price slumped throughout February and March. The decline in demand is evident in the Kimchi Premium, which is virtually nonexistent at this point.  But, cryptocurrencies have penetrated into the mainstream in South Korea, and almost every consumer within the country is aware of cryptocurrencies, especially bitcoin. The rise in awareness of cryptocurrencies place the market in a unique position to grow rapidly in the region.  If the cryptocurrency market recovers in the next few months to its previous levels, demand for cryptocurrencies will inevitably rise, and the awareness of cryptocurrencies in South Korea would be stronger than before, given that significantly more people would have heard about cryptocurrencies in a few months time than early 2018.  Several companies are also cooperating with restaurants, cafes, and food franchises to distribute cryptocurrency ATMs and kiosks across the country, to provide an easier and simpler method for casual users and newcomers to purchase and sell cryptocurrencies without undergoing rigorous Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Know Your Customer (KYC) verification.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin, Ethereum Prices May More Than Triple in 2018, Survey Finds Twitter  According to a survey conducted by popular comparison website Finder and  published in the South China Morning Post  (SCMP), various blockchain industry participants expect the price of the top two cryptocurrencies, Bitcoin and Ethereum, to more than triple by the end of the year.  In the survey, nine blockchain industry participants were asked about the potential price trajectory of the world’s top 12 cryptocurrencies. The study interestingly found that the participants were more bullish on Ethereum than on Bitcoin, as they expected Ethereum’s market cap to increase by 212 percent. Bitcoin’s market cap is expected to grow by 194 percent, while Bitcoin Ca sh is expected to grow 123 percent.  The survey, according to the SCMP, was based on price levels seen on February 27. At the time, Bitcoin was above $10,00 and Ethereum was at $870. This means that, according to respondents, by the end of the year, Ethereum’s price would be at $2,550. Bitcoin would hit $29,533, and Bitcoin Cash would be at $2,721.  The survey’s projections would mean both Bitcoin and Ethereum would see their value more than triple within nine months, as  recent price trends saw Bitcoin drop  to $8,800 at press time. Ethereum is currently trading at $670.  The expected growth in Ethereum’s market cap is reportedly driven by the applicability of its network, and the growth of initial coin offerings (ICOs) As covered by Hacked, ICO fundraising has  topped $1.2 billion in February , bringing the total amount raised this year to $2.7 billion.  Per the SCMP, Ethereum’s price dip is seeing investors buy more, so they can then participate in more ICOs. Si Oh, vice-president at Octagon, a Hong Kong-based cryptocurrency broker, revealed his firm has been seeing interest in Ethereum pick up, although he revealed interest in Bitcoin is still prevalent.  He said:  “Bitcoin still accounts for an outsized portion of our flows [today]. To put it in perspective, average daily Bitcoin turnover is still more than three fold that of Ethereum.”  Kevin Loo, co-founder and chief strategy officer at CryptAM, a Hong Kong-based digital asset management firm, also told the news outlet he expected Ethereum to have a bright future. Loo pointed out that the cryptocurrency, just like Bitcoin, faces scaling issues, although he believes these are being properly taken care of.  To prove his point, he pointed to the  CryptoKitties  craze that temporarily congested the network. He stated:  “As an example, in November 2017, the ethereum network saw a new craze for CryptoKitties, a virtual kitten game which lets players buy and breed ‘crypto-pets’. This slows the network down and highlighted one of the challenges facing older blockchains – a lack of scalability.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Will Take Power Away from Central Banks: Ex Trump Aide Steve Bannon Twitter  Steve Bannon has made comments putting him firmly behind cryptocurrencies.  He made the statements during  a talk  in Zurich, Switzerland, referring to cryptocurrencies as an anti-establishment tool to  “take power back from the central banks ”. According to Bannon, the centralized control and constant deflation of fiat currencies is a form of slavery, keeping citizens spinning on the wheel. The audience was told that  “central banks are in the business of debasing your currency ”, and he suggested cryptocurrencies as a way to challenge them. Because banks cannot control them, Bannon described cryptocurrencies as the heart of the anti-establishment movement, empowering citizens, companies, and governments alike.  Cryptocurrencies were described as a way to escape from bank ’s control of fiat currencies, but Bannon also identified the centralized control of data as a huge issue. Whilst Bannon was less clear here, it seems he understood the potential of decentralized blockchain technology to put data back in the hands of people.  Bannon is well known for serving as White House Chief Strategist during at the beginning of Trump ’s presidential term, but he has also worked as an investment banker for Goldman Sachs. He knows the financial system well, and repeated the mantra that was drilled into him and others every single day:  “increase shareholder value ”. His comments come as part of his strongly anti-establishment political stance.  Whilst some will embrace Bannon ’s endorsement of cryptocurrency, others in the space will not be best pleased. Bannon ’s political stance is firmly nationalist and considerably right-wing, which flies in the face of many who support cryptocurrency as global and liberal movement seeking to overcome national boundaries. He co-founded Breitbart news, a right-wing publication, and is highly vocal about reducing immigration and strengthening national borders.  The well-known figure is no stranger to virtual currency, with it being reported last year that he had  spent $60 million  on World of Warcraft currency. He made the move in order to make easy cash gold-farming  – boosting accounts with skills and levels. No information has been provided regarding Bannon ’s ownership of cryptocurrencies, or what specific projects the figure supports.  Whether or not you agree with Bannon ’s political views, he is a well-observed public figure, and his comments will likely draw further attention to cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology.  Featured image from Flickr/ Gage Skidmore .  
INCREASE	   Russia is Considering Relaxed Rules for Cryptocurrency Adopters Twitter  Russia ’s plan to regulate cryptocurrencies and initial coin offerings lead to the first draft of the federal law  “On Digital Financial Assets ” .  According to translated documents, the law stated:  This federal law regulates the relations arising in the creation, issuance, storage and circulation of digital financial assets, as well as the exercise of rights and performance of obligations under smart contracts.  The draft also described cryptocurrencies, tokens and mining, as well as legalizing the act of mining. In a  meeting  held by the M inistry of Economic Development on Feb. 27, members have now proposed additions to the draft.   According to Russian news outlet Vedomosti, members requested that transactional profits, as well as personal income, from cryptocurrencies should not be taxed. Furthermore, investment limit in ICOs should be increased from  50,000 to 500,000 rubles. Russian token holders should be allowed to invest in other tokens and participate in foreign exchanges.  Lastly, members also proposed dropping the restrictions posed on non-residents for participating in ICOs.  Officials from the Ministry of Communications, Ministry of Justice, Central Bank of Russia,  Federal Antimonopoly Service ( FAS), Sberbank of Russia, MTS, Skolkovo Foundation, Gazprombank, Qiwi, and other companies were present at the gathering. However, representatives from the Ministry of Finance were absent since they are not a part of the  “working group ”.  The new proposal cuts down on the stricter rules favored by the Deputy Finance Minister  Alexei Moiseev . He said,  “Introducing tax exemptions is expedient, but the idea to increase the limit for individual investments in ICOs is debatable and we can discuss it. ”  Even Russia ’s presidential candidate,  Boris Titov , believes that the original draft is inflexible,  “The Finance Ministry’s proposals present a much tougher regulation than in Japan, Switzerland, Belarus, Armenia. That is, in all countries that have adopted some form of legislation. It would be better not to adopt anything than to adopt such legislation. ”  Amidst Russian Orthodox  Bishop Hilarion ’s  controversial views on cryptocurrency and  President Vladimir Putin  emphasizing blockchain ’s importance in the country, Russia plans to finalize  cryptocurrency legislation  by Jul. 1, 2018. However, the central bank is still hesitant on allowing cryptocurrency trading as explained by the chairman of State Duma Committee for Financial Markets, Anatoly Aksakov,  “The central bank is against the legalization of this type of digital currency, since in this case, citizens can start actively investing in crypto-tools, not taking into account possible risks. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Australian Police Question Govt. Employees on Crypto Mining Operation Twitter  Australian federal police are reportedly investigating two employees from the country’s official weather forecasting department over an alleged cryptocurrency mining operation.  Citing sources,  ABC News  is reporting that two IT employees from the Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) are currently under the federal police scanner for allegedly using the bureau’s predictably-powerful computers to mine cryptocurrencies.  Cryptocurrency mining is process wherein miners are rewarded with coins for creating blocks of validated transactions and adding them to a blockchain. An energy-intensive process, profits are made when rewards exceed the substantially high demands and costs in computing processing power and electricity.  According to the report, officers of the Australian Federal Police (AFP) raided the weather bureau’s headquarters in Melbourne on February 28. Two IT employees, in particular, were questioned with one of them currently on leave. The report adds the investigation is currently ongoing, with no charges pressed against any employee currently.  The incident sees the weather bureau involved in a cryptocurrency-related controversy for the second time in under a month. The bureau’s website inadvertently  hosted advertisements  for a cryptocurrency scam that had a CNN article purportedly claim that Elon Musk had quit Tesla to launch a blockchain startup invested in bitcoin. The faux story contained links to a number of websites pedaling crypto-related scams. The BOM apologized for the “unacceptable” adverts before promptly suspending a third-party provider responsible for the ads.  Meanwhile, news of last week’s raid on a government department is only the latest instance of a state staffer questioned or investigated over mining cryptocurrencies at the workplace. Last week, the Attorney General of the state of Louisiana opened a criminal investigation into his own IT department over allegations of former  employees using state resources to mine bitcoin . Last month, engineers at a top-secret Russian nuclear warhead facility were arrested for allegedly  using a supercomputer  to mine bitcoins.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Coinbase is Sending 13,000 Customer Records Over to the IRS Twitter  Coinbase investors knew this day was coming. The top US cryptocurrency exchange for bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum and Litecoin on Feb. 23 notified the 13,000 affected investors by email, informing them the other shoe had dropped. Coinbase will comply with a judge ’s ruling in a California federal court to share customer data of 13,000 of its users with the Internal Revenue Service ’s (IRS). The IRS was most concerned with accounts with at least $20,000  “in any one transaction type, ”  as per the court ruling .  While the number of customers affected may sound high, it ’s fewer than the initial amount that the tax agency requested in December 2016 for 500,000 customer records. Coinbase deems it a  partial  win, reminding investors it advocated on their behalf after taking the matter to the US courts.  Among the details that the IRS asked for were  “taxpayer ID, name, birth date, address, and historical transaction records for certain higher-transacting customers during the 2013-2015 period, ” as per a notification  on Coinbase ’s website .  Coinbase investors took to Twitter to reveal their fate.   Received notice from Coinbase today, that my account is one of the 13,000 that they will have to turn over to the IRS under the court order.  Not surprised, I knew I would be in that group. In case you were wondering, I 've filed  & paid taxes for my bitcoin income, gains/losses.  — Andreas M. Antonopoulos (@aantonop)  February 23, 2018   Some managed to find the humor in the situation.   Good news: the IRS wanted info on 500,000 customers but the court says we only have to turn over records for 13,000. Bad news: Baby, it 's you.  pic.twitter.com/beiEby6Xa4  — Ryan Godfrey (@rgodfrey)  February 23, 2018   Crypto Gains  Although these Coinbase investors have been reporting their gains and losses with the tax agency already, others may not be as prepared.  Recent reports suggest  that only a small percentage of Americans have been reporting their cryptocurrency transactions to the IRS, based on CreditKarma data so far.  Year-to-date, a quarter-million Americans have filed their federal taxes via CreditKarma. Of that amount, fewer than 100 have disclosed cryptocurrency activity. Meanwhile, more than half of 2,000 American taxpayers that participated in a recent CreditKarma survey said they experienced crypto-fueled gains. Taxpayers have until the April 15 deadline to file.  Additionally, the same cohort has yet to report any cryptocurrency gains to Uncle Sam ever, despite the fact that many investors seemed to understand that they owe taxes on the gains.  Coinbase Influence  Coinbase boasted more than 13.3 million platform users as of October,  according to data cited in CNBC . It ’s unclear, however, the percentage of these users that are based in the United States.  Meanwhile, the crypto exchange ’s user base surpassed the number of accounts at traditional stock brokerage Charles Schwab, whose number of users stood at 10.6 million as of Q4 2017. Coinbase in the fall added hundreds of thousands of accounts in as little as one week ’s time. Meanwhile, the crypto exchange ’s members have ballooned from less than 5 million in 2016.  Cryptocurrencies are taxed as property in the United States. As a result, crypto profits must be reported as capital gains while losses can be reported to offset gains.  Coinbase said it would turn over the customer records to the IRS  “within 21 days. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   EU Financial Stability Chief Hints at Broad Cryptocurrency Regulation Twitter  A European Union official raised the possibility of outlining new regulatory framework and guidelines for cryptocurrency markets and ICOs across the EU.  In a  speech  delivered yesterday during a roundtable on cryptocurrencies, European Commission vice president  Valdis Dombrovskis  raised the possibility of introducing a broad EU regulatory framework after determining current guidelines surrounding ‘facts and circumstances around specific crypto-tokens.’  The official, who is also in charge of Financial Stability, Financial Services and Capital Markets Union in the EU, said the European Commission (EC) would assess existing regulations surrounding cryptocurrencies and related services that include fundraising through initial coin offerings.  He stated:  “Based on the assessment of risks and opportunities and the suitability of the existing regulatory framework for these instruments, the Commission will determine if regulatory action at EU level is required. ”  The EU official has previously stated that cryptocurrencies, particularly bitcoin, had the EC’s ‘heightened attention’ citing investor risks in volatility, security failures leading to exchange thefts and more.  However, Dombrovskis expressed a markedly positive take on initial coin offerings. While touching upon investor risks due to a lack of transparency when it comes to ICO issuers and their business plans, the EC vice president said:  Initial Coin Offerings have become a way for innovative firms in this field to raise substantial amounts of funding.  Finally, the official also underlined an  ongoing proposal  by the EC to bring cryptocurrency exchanges and wallet providers under the anti-money laundering (AML) directive. The European Commission, which operates as the executive arm of the European Union, has previously proposed strict rules for the use of cryptocurrencies as well as a ‘ central database ’ for recording the identities of cryptocurrency users and wallet addresses. The latter proposal, in particular, has not gained any visible traction.  Still, “the Commission will continue to monitor these [cryptocurrency] markets” along with other entities at “EU and international level, including in the G20”, he stated, adding:  “We stand ready to take action based on an assessment of risks and opportunities. ”  Featured image from  Flickr /Valsts kanceleja/ State Chancellery.  
INCREASE	   Goldman Sachs is Also Sweating on Cryptocurrencies as a  ‘Business Risk ’ Twitter  Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein might say that the investment banking giant does not have a “Bitcoin strategy,” but the company is now admitting that cryptocurrencies pose a business risk to the firm.  Goldman Sachs Lists Cryptocurrencies as Business Risk  The firm made this disclosure in a  document  dated Feb. 26 and filed with the US Securities Exchange Commission (SEC), explaining that its investments in blockchain- and cryptocurrency-associated startups  — as well as its decision to facilitate Bitcoin futures trading for its brokerage clients  —  could adversely affect Goldman Sachs if weaknesses are found in the underlying blockchain protocols.  From the filing:  “We may be, or may become, exposed to risks related to distributed ledger technology through our facilitation of clients’ activities involving financial products linked to distributed ledger technology, such as blockchain or cryptocurrencies, our investments in companies that seek to develop platforms based on distributed ledger technology, and the use of distributed ledger tec hnology by third-party vendors, clients, counterparties, clearing houses and other financial intermediaries. ”  Indeed, despite Blankfein ’s sometimes-hostile comments on Bitcoin, the firm has quietly built a portfolio that includes startups operating in the blockchain space.  Circle, to which it provided early-stage funding, operates a  high-volume cryptocurrency trading desk  and recently announced that it had  acquired Poloniex , one of the larger cryptocurrency exchanges.  Banks Feel the Crypto Heat  As CCN  reported , Bank of America admitted in a Feb. 22 filing that potential mass adoption of cryptocurrencies presents the institution  — second-largest in the US as measured by total assets  — with a number of risk vectors.  While Goldman’s concerns about cryptocurrency stem primarily from its ownership stakes in blockchain startups, other institutions  — most notably Bank of America  — view the nascent asset class as a more fundamental threat to their business models.  Some of these risks are operational, such as the fact that the bank may have to upgrade its anti-money laundering system to better account for cryptocurrency usage.  However, others, are more foundational. The bank said, for instance, that the firm would likely need to make “substantial expenditures” to update and expand its existing products and services to remain competitive with fintech startups, some of whom are leveraging blockchain technology to disrupt the banking sector. Moreover, the firm admitted that, due to its  less-than-friendly stance  on cryptocurrency purchases, the bank risks losing customers to companies that more readily embrace them.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Litecoin Price Posts Lonely Decline as LitePay Debit Card Launch Fails Twitter  The Litecoin price posted a lonely decline on Tuesday after LitePay ’s much-anticipated debit card launch was scrubbed at the last minute and delayed indefinitely.  Litecoin Price Makes Lonely Retreat  The cryptocurrency markets continued to shake off their weekend slump on Tuesday, and most large-cap cryptocurrencies posted strong returns against the US dollar.  But while the  cryptocurrency market index  rose by seven percent, Litecoin became the lone top 15-cryptocurrency to post a single-day decline. At present, the Litecoin price is $217 on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex, which represents a single-day decline of four percent and translates into a $12.1 billion market cap.  LTC Price Chart  The largest slice of Litecoin trading volume is concentrated on OKEx, which accounts for more than 31 percent of all LTC volume. Notably, KRW pairs  — which often spur on altcoin rallies  — currently comprise a relatively small amount of Litecoin trading.  LTC Trading Volume | Source: CoinMarketCap  LitePay Launch Scrubbed at Last Minute, Delayed Indefinitely  The present Litecoin price decline appears linked to the planned launch of fintech startup LitePay, which was scheduled for Feb. 26 but partially-scrubbed at the last minute and delayed indefinitely.  As CCN  reported , LitePay purports to offer an LTC-based payments solution that will make it easier for merchants to accept Litecoin. The service also says it will issue an LTC-funded debit card, allowing users to indirectly spend their coins at virtually any business.  The announcement that LitePay would launch on Feb. 26, led to a significant Litecoin price rally. However, the company sent an  email  to users just ahead of the scheduled launch informing them that a core component of the firm ’s business model  — the LTC-funded debit card  — had been delayed indefinitely due to  “hostile actions by card issuers towards crypto communities. ”  LitePay said that it will open merchant registration as planned, but the indefinite delay on its debit card service caught many users by surprise and likely contributed to Litecoin ’s poor performance today.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Study: 0.04% of US Cryptocurrency Adopters are Paying Taxes Twitter  Online finance company  Credit Karma  and research firm  Qualtrics  shared the results of a survey that kept a close eye on 250,000 Americans and their tax activities in terms of cryptocurrency.  100 or fewer  of these people filed for cryptocurrency taxes while the rest of them did not. The reasons were not unintentional  – prior to the study, another one was conducted last month where 57% of 2,000 Americans admitted that they profited from cryptocurrency gains. Considering how 2017 was a roller coaster ride for crypto users, many people have gained a large sum of money by either shorting virtual currencies or selling them when the price  broke records .  Even before the study, Internal Revenue Service (IRS) had been tightening its hold around cryptocurrencies, warning people to pay their taxes on time. Last year, IRS won a court case against online exchange  Coinbase  to hand over information of 140,000 Coinbase users. These users were filtered out as ones who sent or received more than $20,000 from 2013 to 2015. IRS even employed a team to  investigate people  who used cryptocurrency to avoid taxes.  Around 57% of people in the study also reported that they didn ’t pay taxes to IRS and almost half of those knew that taxes were applicable on crytocurrencies. The situation requires attention since this topic has been gaining momentum for a very long time. Exploring the behavior of these people,  Jagjit Chawla , Credit Karma ’s general manager, said,  “Generally, Americans with more complex tax situations file later in the tax season, especially if they expect that they ’ll owe money. However, given the popularity of Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies in 2017, we ’d expect more people to be reporting. ”  Different Methods of Paying Cryptocurrency Tax  Credit Karma allows users to file taxes electronically for free. Reuters reported that 1 million people used this platform to complete the payment in 2017. According to IRS, around  155 million people  will be paying taxes for 2017. Last month, IRS posted a  deadline  on its website for tax payment, unlike the usual date of April 15, two days have been added to extend it to April 17.  Coinbase, on the other hand, gives users the option to download their cryptocurrency transactions in an  Excel file , which is not available on many exchanges. Alternatively, users can keep an Excel sheet of their own where they note down the transactions on every single activity. These files can then be imported on websites such as  BitcoinTaxes  and  CoinTracking  to automatically calculate cryptocurrency gains. Finally, users can use these details to file the  Form 8949,  Sales and other Dispositions of Capital Assets,  to complete the process.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Nano Price Continues to Rise With 30% Gains Twitter  Cryptocurrency Nano leaps ahead in price by 30%. The move places the coin in the top twenty in terms of marketcap with a total valuation of $2.06b, making each Nano coin worth at $15 the time of writing. This jump is the latest in a period of huge volatility for the virtual currency,  gaining 20%  in just one day last week.   (Image taken from Coinmarketcap 27/02/2018)  The cause of the volatility is likely the BitGrail event, where over $170m worth of Nano was stolen. Representing 10% of the total supply of Nano the event shook the market heavily. The price of one Nano fell a staggering 466%, from highs of $28 to just $6. Fear, uncertainty, and doubt led to a loss of confidence in the currency and left investors rushing to sell. The technology behind Nano was not responsible for the crisis, however, with developers pointing fingers at the now-closed BitGrail exchange. As time has passed investors have realized this fact and returned to the falling coin looking for a bargain.  Nano (NANO) was previously known as RaiBlocks (XRB) but underwent  re-branding  at the start of the year. The platform claims to provide zero fees, instant transactions, and near-infinite scalability. Currently, the system can allegedly handle seven thousand transactions per second  – a staggering improvement over Bitcoin ’s seven and Ethereum ’s fifteen- the most highly valued cryptocurrencies on the market. It is able to achieve these results by discarding the conventional blockchain structure entirely, using a block-lattice, essentially a two-dimensional system. It ’s referred to as a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG)  – the same technology used by popular platform Iota.  Whilst the technology underpinning Nano may be highly promising, users have reported  issues  syncing the desktop client and accessing their funds. According to developers, it ’s a problem that is being worked on, although there has not been a recent announcement from the team. Users desperate to check their funds may find a workaround with the introduction of an  Android wallet  last week.  Nano ’s 30% jump in price will likely not be the end of the virtual currencies volatile journey, as investors take advantage of the swings to make a profit. Over time the price will likely stabilize, but where exactly Nano will settle is impossible to predict.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   $26 Million: CoinDash ICO Hacker Returns 30,000 in Stolen Ether Twitter  A hacker who stole nearly 43,500 ether tokens after compromising an ICO from blockchain firm CoinDash last year has returned 20,000 ETH in a recent transaction, adding to 10,000 ether tokens returned in September.  In an  update  on Friday, blockchain development startup Coindash confirmed the return of 20,000 ether tokens (approx. $17.8 million in current rates) from the hacker who initially stole over 40,000 ether tokens from prospective investors during an ICO fundraising last year. The 20,000 returned tokens are in addition to 10,000 ETH reverted back to CoinDash  previously  in September.  As  reported  by CCN at the time, the perpetrator hijacked CoinDash’s website during its token sale event before replacing the company’s ethereum donations address with his or her own. Over 2,100 transactions took place with investors channeling funds to the hacker’s address. According to  Etherscan , the hacker still has a balance of 13,000 ETH. While that still counts for an estimated $11.4 million in value, the hacker has now returned a majority of the funds back to CoinDash.  Meanwhile, CoinDash insists that the launch of its product, an Ethereum smart contracts-enabled social media platform is still scheduled for today, stating the theft will not ‘jeopardize’ the company’s plans.  The product, which has already been put through a beta review phase, will see the automated integration of Ethereum-based wallets for a handful of major exchanges including Bittrex, Binance and  newly-acquired  Poloniex. The default currency in the platform is available in USD, Euro and Bitcoin, now we’ve added GBP as well,” CoinDash  said  earlier this month.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   E-Commerce Giant Rakuten to Launch Cryptocurrency Rewards Program Twitter  Leading Japanese e-commerce platform Rakuten will transition its rewards program to a blockchain-based system featuring a company-developed cryptocurrency.  E-Commerce Giant Rakuten to Launch Cryptocurrency-Based Rewards Program  Rakuten CEO Hiroshi “Mickey” Mikitani made this announcement at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, according to a  TechCrunch  report, explaining that the token would be called Rakuten Coin.  Rakuten Coin will replace the Tokyo-based company’s current “Super Points” program, which has long been regarded as one of the most robust loyalty programs in the e-commerce ecosystem, and its customers have collectively earned approximately $9.1 billion in points over the program’s 15-year history.  Mikitani did not announce a release date for Rakuten Coin, but he previewed that it will be integrated into all of the firm’s many subsidiaries, which include Ebates, PriceMinister, and Viber. At present, it is unclear whether Rakuten Coin will run on its own, company-controlled blockchain or whether it will be built atop another blockchain  — such as Ethereum, Stellar, NEM, or NEO  — using smart contracts.  A Borderless Currency Built for International Payments  Rakuten believes that establishing a “borderless” currency will enable the firm to eliminate transaction and currency exchange fees associated with conventional international payments. This could help the firm drive traffic between its subsidiaries, which the firm has gradually been rebranding under the “Rakuten” label.  “Basically, our concept is to recreate the network of retailers and merchants,” Mikitani said. “We do not want to disconnect [them from their customers] but function as a catalyst. That is our philosophy, how to empower society not just provide more convenience.”  As CCN  reported , Rakuten acquired Bitcoin payment processing startup Bitnet in 2016 and tapped its leadership to run a blockchain research lab. This new program is likely a product of that acquisition. Previously, Rakuten had contracted with Bitnet to accept Bitcoin payments, making it one of the earlier e-commerce platforms to embrace cryptocurrency.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Venezuelan President Claims ‘Petro’ Has Received 171,000 Pre-registrations Twitter  The initial coin offering (ICO) presale for Venezuela’s high-profile ‘Petro’ cryptocurrency has been a resounding success  — at least according to state-run media outlets.  Venezuela Claims ‘Petro’ Cryptocurrency Has Received 171,000 Intents to Contribute  On Monday, Nicolas Maduro announced through the official presidential Twitter account that more than 171,000 individuals and companies had pre-registered for the Petro presale, which opened last week.   #ANUNCIO  “Hasta el día de hoy hemos recibido 171 mil ofertas de intención de compras certificadas para el Petro, 40.8% en $, 6.5% en €, 18.4% en Ethereum , 33.8% en Bitcoin, de las cuales 3523 ofertas son de empresas” manifestó el Pdte.  @NicolasMaduro   pic.twitter.com/C6SLc4dUZq  — Prensa Presidencial (@PresidencialVen)  February 27, 2018   According to the government, 40.8 percent of contributors intend to complete the transaction with USD, while another 6.5 percent will make their purchase with EUR. Bitcoin and Ethereum are also prominent, accounting for 33.8 percent and 18.4 percent of all pre-registrations, respectively.  Astute observers will note that those figures add up to just 99.5 percent, but the government did not explain this discrepancy.  Notably absent from the list of accepted currencies is the bolivar  — Venezuela’s hyperinflated fiat currency that is on the brink of absolute collapse.  The government also said that 3,523 companies had registered to buy the Petro.  As CCN has  reported , the token sale for the supposedly oil-backed Petro has been fraught with difficulties, and although the government claims that the ICO presale raised $735 million in its first day, most observers believe this number is a pure fabrication.  Indeed, despite these grand claims about the Petro ’s success, Venezuela has yet to publicly name any of the contributors, and a  NEM wallet believed to belong to the government  has yet to distribute any of the 100 million Petro tokens available in the presale.  Venezuela Turns to Petro to Evade US Sanctions  Nevertheless, Venezuela continues to laud the Petro as a tool to evade economic sanctions levied against the country by the US, which  — assuming the presale figures are inaccurate  — is likely why the government has listed USD as the most-used currency among ICO contributors.  Venezuela has even said that it intends to launch a second state-backed cryptocurrency  — Petro Gold  — although it has not revealed when this token will be released.  Several other countries facing international sanctions have considered adopting government-sponsored cryptocurrencies as well. Russia, whose relationship with the US continues to worse, is planning to launch a  “ CryptoRuble , ” while both  Iran  and  Turkey  have discussed similar plans in recent days.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Texas Officials Issue Cease and Desist to Another Cryptocurrency Related Scam Twitter  The Enforcement Division of the Texas State Securities Board  has issued an immediate cease and desist order to LeadInvest , which was a platform that allowed investors to “earn interest on the crypto market.”  According to the order, LeadInvest was targeting investors in Texas and was failing to both disclose the background and qualifications of its team members, and the liabilities associated with its mining and lending operations. The team associated with the project is also non-existent, with stock photos being used in conjunction with fabricated names.  The largest red flag for the Texas State Securities Board was the fact that the platform was offering unlicensed securities for sale, and therefore violating most of the Texas Securities Act.  Respondent LEADINVEST is engaging in fraud in connection with the offer for sale of securities  The  LeadInvest website  is loaded with “get-rich-quick” language promising interested parties incredible returns, and that “zero” cryptocurrency experience is required to get involved. After a light attempt at explaining the cryptocurrency market, the team is presented along with a call to action informing investors of getting started even with just a few cents.  There are literally thousands of cryptocurrencies for investors to choose from. Choice paralyzes. Choice adds cost, complexity and the need for advice. We eliminate this complexity for the new crypto investor.  The site also features a  “careers ” tab in which a vague job description is offered, and is geared towards promoters for the program. As more of these types of scams appear, their longevity will most likely be throttled by government officials that are now on high-alert due to a sharp increase in fraud in the space.  This Is Not Their First Rodeo  This wouldn’t be the first time that the Securities Commissioner of the state of Texas has directly targeted fraud related to the cryptocurrency space. Just last month, the  Texas board accused known-cryptocurrency scam BitConnect  of both fraud and selling unlicensed securities. The order led to the eventual downfall of the platform, with its underlying asset losing over 90% of its value in a short period of time.  DavorCoin, another lending platform dealing with the sale of unlicensed securities, was also  recently issued an emergency order  by the Texas Commissioner. Similar to BitConnect, users purchased DavorCoin’s underlying asset in order to lend it on the platform and receive a commission for doing so. Although DavorCoin issued a statement claiming that BitConnect’s downfall didn’t “change anything for (them),” it quickly became the fourth sting by the Texas government due to issuing unlicensed securities.  The commissioner in Texas has truly taken the bull by the horns when it comes to targeting fraud in the space and will most likely continue to do so as more  “lending ” platforms materialize.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ECB Unveils Instant Payment System, Claims It ’s  ‘Better ’ than Blockchain Twitter  And from a central bank no less. The world is just recognizing the countless applications of blockchain technology, not to mention the speed, security and simplicity at which transactions can be completed, and Yves Mersch of Luxembourg has suggested he ’s got something that can run circles around it. Mersch, an executive board member of the European Central Bank (ECB),  told Bloomberg  the organization is readying a new settlement system dubbed Target Instant Payment Settlement, or TIPS, for its November debut, which he suggests leaves blockchain in the dust.  TIPS (not to be confused with US Treasury Inflation Protected Securities) is a product of a knee-jerk reaction among policymakers and regulators to create something that competes with blockchain, with the purpose of offering real-time payment transactions to disrupt the disrupter, if you will, of distributed ledger technology and digital coins.  Mersch,  in a separate Bloomberg article , is quoted as acknowledging the connection between what he described as the virtual and physical worlds, saying a  “collapse ” of the former could trigger a liquidity event in the latter. As a result, cryptocurrencies and the underlying blockchain have captured their attention.  Crypto Culture  Mersch touted the features of the new blockchain rival. “TIPS is 10 seconds, 0.2 cents. DLT transactions are at best 30 euros and take at least one hour,” he said, adding that the ECB is more result-driven than technology focused, which he alleges gives it an edge. Policymakers were more engaged than usual in the new technology, no doubt for the unexpected competition that bloc kchain has introduced.  But there are other alternatives to bitcoin,  such as Ripple ’s XRP  for payments, not to mention the bitcoin-accelerating Lightning Network ’s  famous pizza transaction .  The fact that the supposed next iteration of a decentralized blockchain is being unveiled by a centralized bank will no doubt raise some eyebrows among participants in the cryptocurrency community. But it also shows the influence that blockchain is having on the establishment, with central bankers finally addressing payments and settlement, which till now has been a cumbersome  and antiquated process that ’s failed to keep up with the rest of technology.  For his part, Mersch admitted that TIPS is in the early stages, which only underscores blockchain ’s headstart on the ECB, not to mention the high-tech and top financial talent who have been educated at Ivy League universities and worked at top Wall Street firms drawn to the crypto culture, including rising stars.  Meanwhile, cryptocurrencies are expected to be in focus at the forthcoming G20 meeting of monetary policymakers and finance ministers, which is to be held in Buenos Aires in March.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   India’s Leading IT Body Partners Canadian Blockchain Institute for Digital Economy  Twitter  Indian IT industry trade body NASSCOM has partnered Canada’s Blockchain Research Institute (BRI) to fast-track the adoption and deployment of blockchain technology in India.  India’s National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM) is collaborating with Canadian government-backed BRI to educate Indian organizations and government departments on blockchain technology as a part of a new Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between the two entities. The two groups, according to  Inc42 , will co-invest in fosters skillsets among developers domestically to further blockchain adoption and deployment in the country. Further, the collaboration will also see case studies, joint webinars and other research sharing activities facilitated by the BRI.  The collaboration sees a 2-phase roadmap wherein Phase 1 will “create an awakening in India [to] showcase the power of Blockchain,” BRI co-founder Don Tapscott  revealed . Phase 2 will involve the installation of a research institute to develop blockchain solutions in the country.  “We need to understand it’s not a plug and play we can do tomorrow but there is huge potential in developing this,” added NASSCOM chairman Raman Roy who underlined the collaboration as a means toward creating a “world-class sustainable blockchain ecosystem in India”, a move geared to enhance the industry body’s vision for a “digital economy.”  BRI co-founder Tapscott, who also serves as the think tank’s chairman, added:  “We strongly believe that India has the potential to lead the Blockchain revolution. ”  NASSCOM’s foray into exploring blockchain technology began in 2017 with the installation of Blockchain SIG,  a special interest group  geared to educate and inform the public on the decentralized technology.  The group’s partnership with BRI comes within days of India’s prime minister, the highest-ranking public official from the world’s largest democracy and second most populous country, calling for the “ rapid adoption ” of blockchain technology in society. “Disruptive technologies such as Blockchain and the IOT will have a profound impact in the way we live and work,” prime minister Narendra Modi stated this month.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Millionaire 50 Cent Flips, Denies Owning Cryptocurrency Twitter  In courtroom documents obtained from his bankruptcy hearings, rapper 50 Cent admitted he never owned any Bitcoins. He had previously boasted owning the cryptocurrency, having accepted Bitcoin as payment for his 2014 album, Animal Ambition.  Initially reported by  TMZ , the rapper, whose real name is Curtis Jackson, collected around 700 Bitcoin in Animal Ambition album sales. At the time, 700 Bitcoin were worth around $400,000. By early 2018, however, that value had soared. 50 Cent was reported to have had $8 million worth of Bitcoin sitting idle.  50 Cent  decided  to accept cryptocurrency because “All money is money.”   The rapper later  boasted  about his Bitcoin value in instagram and twitter posts. “Not bad for a kid from South Side, I’m so proud of me” and “A little bitcoin anyone? LOL. l know l make you sick but excuse me …I’m getting to the bag” were hardly attempts to dampen down the widespread belief he was a Bitcoin millionaire.  However, when forced to prove his bankruptcy, he denied owning any bitcoin at all, according to court documents obtained by  The Blast . It is claimed his cryptocurrency payments for Animal Ambition were converted instantly into USD. So why did 50 Cent previously declare his Bitcoin millionaire status?  “So long as a press story is not irreparably damaging to my image or brand I usually do not feel the need to publicly deny the reporting. This is particularly true when I feel the press report in question is favourable to my image or brand, even if the report is based on a misunderstanding of the facts or contains outright falsehoods,” the rapper reasoned.  The rapper originally  filed  for chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2015. At the time he dismissed its seriousness, “It means you’re reorganizing your finances, but it does stop things from moving forward that you don’t want moving forward.”  But over the course of what has become a lengthy and drawn-out saga, the price of Bitcoin has skyrocketed from the roughly $660 mark it was back when he released Animal Ambition to almost $20,000 at its all-time high. 50 Cent now has to prove he does not own any cryptocurrencies to prove his insolvency.  It has turned out that going along with positive  – yet false  – publicity has created an added layer of complexity in the courtroom for Jackson. The question he might rightly be facing is, “Not Rich … or Still Lyin’”?  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Leads $30 Billion Market Rally Twitter  The cryptocurrency market cap gained $30 billion on Tuesday, bolstered by a comprehensive advance that saw more than 80 of the 100 largest coins and tokens rise against the value of the US dollar. The Bitcoin price was the day ’s headliner, soaring 10 percent to threaten the $11,000 threshold, but a number of other cryptocurrencies posted strong showings as well.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The bullish pivot enabled the  cryptocurrency market cap  to climb to $461 billion, representing a 24-hour increase of seven percent.  Bitcoin Price Rises in Wake of Poloniex Acquisition  The  Bitcoin price  outperformed the index on Tuesday, rising 10 percent to $10,716 on Bitfinex. This represented a five-day high for the flagship cryptocurrency. Bitcoin now has a $181.7 billion market cap, which translates into a 39.4 percent market share.  Bitcoin Price Chart  The Bitcoin price rally correlated with the announcement that fintech startup Circle had  acquired cryptocurrency exchange Poloniex  in a deal reportedly worth $400 million. In addition to ranking among the largest acquisitions in the industry ’s history, the acquisition also  increases the exposure  of cryptocurrency-skeptics such as Goldman Sachs to the industry ’s supply chain, as the investment banking giant was one of Circle ’s earliest investors.  While it is not clear to what extent the acquisition factored in the market ’s single-day advance, the move clearly represents a step forward in making cryptocurrency-related investments palatable to mainstream firms.  Ethereum Price Tests $900  The  Ethereum price  lagged the index on Tuesday but still managed to return a two percent increase to $882. At one point, Ethereum made a run at the $900 barrier, but the second-largest cryptocurrency ran out of steam at $895 and subsequently ebbed to its present level. Ethereum currently has an $86.6 billion market cap, leaving it with an 18.8 percent share of the index.  Ethereum Price Chart  Altcoins Advance, But Litecoin Gets Left Behind  Large-cap altcoins made a near-comprehensive advance on Tuesday, but there was one notable cryptocurrency  — Litecoin  — that sat out the rally.  Altcoin Price Chart  The Ripple price rose four percent for the day, lagging the index but climbing back to $0.93. Bitcoin Cash, meanwhile, made an eight percent advance, raising its price to $1,272 and market cap to $21.6 billion.  Litecoin, ranked fifth, was the lone top 10-cryptocurrency to fall against the dollar. The Litecoin price declined by three percent, reducing it to a present value of $219.  NEO, on the other hand, nearly doubled the index return with a 13 percent surge. NEO is now valued above $140, providing the token with a $9.1 billion market cap.  EOS was the only other top 10-altcoin to beat the index, rising eight percent to $8.39, while Cardano, Stellar, and IOTA rounded out the market ’s top tier with gains of about four percent.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Venezuela ’s President Orders State-Owned Companies to Accept Petro Twitter  After officially launching the oil-backed Petro (PTR), Venezuela’s own cryptocurrency, the country’s leader Nicolás Maduro has ordered state-owned businesses to transact in it when buying and selling products and services. According to a video posted on Twitter by local television network  VTV , the Venezuelan president ordered these businesses to convert a percentage of their sales and purchases into the Petro. He stated (roughly translated):  “[I gave the order to] PDSA, Pequiven, and CVG to, as state-owned companies, realize a percentage of their product sales and purchases, from here on out, on the Petro currency.”   #EnVideo 📹 | Presidente  @NicolasMaduro : He dado la orden a la empresa Pdvsa, Pequiven y CVG para que realicen a partir de hoy un porcentaje de sus ventas y compras en moneda El Petro convertible  pic.twitter.com/zH1libPEOA  — VTV CANAL 8 (@VTVcanal8)  February 22, 2018   Maduro specifically mentioned three companies: PDVSA, Pequiven, and CVG. PDVSA is a state-owned oil and natural gas company, which just like the Venezuelan government was targeted by the US’ sanctions. Pequiven is a petrochemical company. CVG stands for Corporacion Venezolana de Guyana, which is a decentralized conglomerate whose subsidiaries include precious metal producers. M aduro’s words came during the Petro pre-sale announcement. He also added that Venezuelans will be able to pay for fuel and tourism services in cryptocurrencies, including the Petro. As covered by CCN, cryptocurrencies are popular in the country, as they  help citizens survive government failures .  The Petro was created as a way for the country to bypass US sanctions. The cryptocurrency’s pre-sale is currently ongoing, and according to Maduro the country’s government  netted $735 million in its first day , although he didn’t back his claim with any evidence. Shortly after the cryptocurrency was announced back in December, Venezuela’s opposition-run congress criticized its sale, as an “ illegal and unconstitutional ” instrument to mortgage the country’s oil reserves. Yet, merely one day after launching the Petro ’s pre-sale, Nicolás Maduro announced another cryptocurrency, the Petro Gold. While the first is backed by oil, the Petro Gold is set to be backed by precious metals. On a televised speech, Maduro stated:  “Next week I‘m going to launch the petro gold, backed by gold, which is even more powerful, that will strengthen the petro.”  It isn’t clear if the Venezuelan president referred to the gold reserves in the central bank, or to an undeveloped mineral deposit. Seemingly following Venezuela’s footsteps, other countries are now looking into launching their own cryptocurrencies. As covered by CCN, Iran recently backpedaled on bitcoin, and is  now planning its own state cryptocurrency . A Turkish politician has also  endorsed the idea of a national cryptocurrency , the Turkcoin.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bank of America Admits Cryptocurrencies Are a Threat to Its Business Model Twitter  Bank of America, one of the world’s largest financial institutions, admitted in an annual report that cryptocurrencies are a threat to its business model.  The  report , which was dated Feb. 22 and filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), listed a range of economic, geopolitical, and operational risks that the Charlotte, NC-based bank faces as it heads into the new fiscal year. For the first time, rising cryptocurrency adoption made the list.  The bank, which recently  barred its customers  from using credit cards to purchase cryptocurrencies, said that this and other similar policies could cost the firm clients.  “[C]lients may choose to conduct business with other market participants who engage in business or offer products in areas we deem speculative or risky, such as cryptocurrencies,” the bank said in the filing.  In an astounding admission, the bank  —  second-largest in the US  in terms of total assets  — said that widespread adoption of cryptocurrencies and other fintech innovations could require the bank to make “substantial expenditures” to update its existing services and remain competitive with upstart firms.  “The widespread adoption of new technologies, including internet services, cryptocurrencies and payment systems, could require substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our existing products and services,” it said.  In addition to these fundamental threats to its business model, Bank of America said that cryptocurrencies and other emerging technologies could limit the institution’s ability to comply with anti-money laundering regulations.  “Emerging technologies, such as cryptocurrencies, could limit our ability to track the movement of funds. Our ability to comply with these laws is dependent on our ability to improve detection and reporting capabilities and reduce variation in control processes and oversight accountability.”  Though a minor component of the bank ’s lengthy annual report, this represents one of the first public admissions that financial institutions are beginning to worry that mass cryptocurrency adoption could one day become a reality.  Arguably, banks have known this for some time now. Bank of America has quietly applied for dozens of  cryptocurrency-related patents  over the years. However, the bank has thus far declined to develop these technologies into functional products and has publicly expressed that widespread cryptocurrency usage is  “ unlikely ” to happen.  Now, though, it seems as though Bank of America and other financial institutions are realizing that they can no longer pretend cryptocurrencies are not a threat.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Gartman Loses Big On Biotech-Turned-Blockchain Stock Twitter  Dennis Gartman, the longtime publisher of an investment newsletter and television commentator known as the “commodities king” famous for touting blockchain technology while dissing bitcoin, might be having second thoughts about placing retirement funds in  Riot Blockchain Inc .  Riot Blockchain lost a third of its value on Feb. 16 following a CNBC report about the biotech-company-turned-blockchain-startup.  One Of His Worst Days  On Tuesday, Gartman wrote that it was one of the worst days he has experienced in a long time, according to  Bloomberg News . He was long of a sizeable position in the blockchain focused company when it fell victim to the CNBC expose that sent the shares down more than 20 percent. The fall sent Gartman down for the year after having been up 6%.  In October, the Bioptix Inc. announced it was rebranding itself as Riot Blockchain following years of weak stock performance and revenue growth. In response, shares more than quadrupled, but the gains didn’t last.  Shares of Bioptix, which manufactured diagnostic machinery for the biotechnical industry, had traded between $4 and $4.50 for the majority of September 2017, but they  soared above immediately following the October announcement  that the Colorado firm would make the leap into the burgeoning cryptocurrency industry.  Bioptix said it would shutter its operations and liquidate its biotech patents as it transitions into Riot Blockchain. It cited its first foray in the blockchain industry as a multi-million dollar investment in Coinsquare, a Canadian cryptocurrency exchange.  Gartman, who is 67, said lessons need to be continually relearned.  Consistent Bitcoin Critic  Gartman has been high on blockchain technology while he has consistently criticized bitcoin.  He said in January he expects the bitcoin market will fall  when its value drops to $5,000. He has criticized bitcoin for having no intrinsic value, and he recently said it makes the tulip bubble in 17th century Holland that sent the Dutch into a frenzy look almost like a “quiet, well demeanored market.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘Turkcoin’: Turkish Politician Endorses Launching a National Cryptocurrency Twitter  A Turkish lawmaker affiliated with the political party partnering the country’s ruling party has proposed a national cryptocurrency. On bitcoin, the politician suggested the government open its own bitcoin exchange(!).  Turkey’s former industry minister and deputy chair of the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP), Ahmet Kenan Tanrikulu, has reportedly drafted a ‘detailed report’ calling for the issuance of a state-controlled cryptocurrency. A “national bitcoin”, the  Al Monitor  reports, called “Turkcoin.”  The politician said missing out on decentralized blockchain technology would mean a grave error on the government’s part, stating:  “The world is advancing toward a new digital system. Turkey should create its own digital system and currency before it’s too late. ”  Details remain scarce as the 22-page draft has not seen a public release but the news report reveals the proposed Turkcoin would resemble asset-backed securities from Turkey’s Wealth Fund that includes large public assets including Turkish Airlines, the Istanbul Stock Exchange, Turk Telekom, the National Lottery and the Ziraat Bank, among others. The politician argued reliance  on public assets would bring low risk and volatility to the proposed cryptocurrency with profits higher than those offered by sovereign bond yields.  The proposal follows a noteworthy revelation by Turkey’s deputy prime minister Mehmet Simsek on February 7, who said the government would begin work toward launching a national cryptocurrency. “We are planning to start our own work on digital currencies,” the political official, who also sees Turkey’s economy under his purview, said in an interview with  CNNTurk . “We place high importance on digitalization.”  The 22-page report also presented an overview on the current cryptocurrency space in Turkey, calling for attention on the unregulated space. The trading of cryptocurrencies and creating revenues through bitcoin mining aren’t deemed criminal activity, Tanrikulu said in his report, calling for regulations at a time when “many enterprises accept payment in cryptocurrencies and the  number of customers using those currencies is rapidly increasing.”  Notably, he went on to urge the government to install its own state-controlled bitcoin exchange.  An excerpt from the report read:  “The introduction of encouraging regulations after assessing all kinds of risks would enable us to generate revenues from the cryptocurrency market, especially from bitcoin. In this context, the country needs a bitcoin bourse and legislation to regulate this realm. ”  Turkey’s foray into exploring and developing its own cryptocurrency follows similar efforts taking shape in a number of countries around the world. A notable example is that of Venezuela’s ‘ petro’ , an oil-backed cryptocurrency pedaled by controversial Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro which recently netted  $735 million  in the first day of its token pre-sale.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Tezos Foundation President Johann Gevers Resigns Amid Board Reorganization Twitter  Controversial Tezos Foundation President Johann Gevers has formally resigned his post as part of a wider board reorganization.  Gevers, who led the independent Swiss Tezos Foundation, had often been at odds with Tezos founders Arthur and Kathleen Breitman, who control the intellectual property associated with Tezos through their company, Dynamic Ledger Solutions.  The disagreement ultimately stemmed from a contract dispute  — the Breitmans accused Gevers of “self-dealing”  — but the infighting  bubbled over into the public sphere  following an explosive investigative report, and Gevers accused the Breitmans of attacking his character.  According to a  statement  issued by the Tezos Foundation, Gevers and fellow board member Diego Olivier Fernandez Pons “voluntarily offered to resign” from the board of directors.  The pair have been replaced by Ryan Jesperson and Michel Mauny, who will join Lars Haussmann  — himself having only recently appointed to the board  — in governing the Tezos Foundation.  Jespersen, along with Polychain Capital’s Olaf Carlson-Wee, had been a founding member of the  T2 Foundation , which formed last month in a bid to wrest the funds raised by the project’s  then-record  initial coin offering (ICO) away from Gevers and the Tezos Foundation. Mauny, a French computer programming researcher, also sat on the T2 Foundation board.  Gevers  tweeted  that he was “very happy” with the way the resolution.  “After months of very hard work under extremely difficult conditions, I ’m very happy that we ’ve achieved a good resolution that optimally serves the interests of the Tezos project and the wider crypto ecosystem,” he said.  Tezos community members, meanwhile, took to social media channels to convey their optimism about the Foundation ’s new direction, hoping that this development will help put the project  — which has lagged development targets  — back on track.  But though things are looking up for the embattled project, both the Tezos Foundation and Dynamic Ledger Solutions continue to face four  class-action lawsuits  filed by disgruntled ICO contributors.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitwise Exec Predicts Trillion Dollar Crypto Market Cap this Year Twitter  Matt Hougan has made a career shift from ETFs to cryptocurrencies. He jumped from the traditional fund market to a cryptocurrency index-fund manager, a market he described to Bloomberg as a  “generationally significant opportunity with interesting challenges. ”  He joins San Francisco-based Bitwise Asset Management as vice president of R &D. He made a splash with his call that cryptocurrencies are on their way to being a multi-trillion dollar market, though he  admits to Bloomberg  cryptos remain an  “early-stage technology ” that could be a bumpy road at times.  “The pathway to $1 trillion eventually is fairly certain. How we get there is going to be volatility and uncomfortable. I think we ’ll get there pretty soon, though. I wouldn ’t be surprised if we ended the year with a cumulated market cap of over $1 trillion. But I wouldn ’t be surprised if there were a significant drawdown again before we got there, ” Hougan told Bloomberg.  For instance, Hougan suggests the cryptocurrency markets could suffer a 50% drop before attaining a $1 trillion combined market cap. And as the leading digital coins have proven so far in 2018, volatility is the name of the game.  “I think for investors the important thing to realize it ’s an extremely volatile, high-risk asset. That ’s why you have the high potential returns, ” he said.  To the naysayers, who could never imagine bitcoin competing with gold or functioning in payments/money transfer, he politely suggests they ’re shortsighted and forgetting that  “tech increases at an exponential rate. ”  Source: Coin Market Cap  Risk  & Reward  Bitwise ’s newest hire offered some perspective on an otherwise dreary day when the leading cryptocurrencies were all trading in the red. First, he outlined the risks that cryptocurrency investors are exposing themselves too, which can be summed up accordingly:  regulatory technological network scaling bad actors  But he didn ’t leave it there, pointing next to the potential rewards for being an early investor in cryptocurrencies.  “You will be compensated with high potential returns for taking those risks now, ” he said, pointing to three-to-10 years ahead when cryptocurrencies will be a  “more established asset class, ” at which time volatility will be more akin to what ’s normal in the equity and bond markets, with higher upside potential.  Hougan is no stranger to emerging technologies,  having joined the ETF space  when it was still a nascent technology before the funds basically made their way into just about every retirement plan in America.  Meanwhile, the Bitwise Hold 10 Private Index Fund, the industry ’s maiden cryptocurrency index fund, holds the top 10 digital coins by value. The reason, Hougan suggested, is because the leaderboard can shift.  “The first mover isn ’t always the winner, ” he told Bloomberg, adding:  “The large caps have the largest chance of success but nothing is guaranteed. Investors would be foolish to bet on a single cryptocurrency  – you want to diversify your exposure, ” advised Hougan.  In his new role, Hougan will be focused on classification and analysis of cryptocurrencies. Bitwise ’s decision to court ETF veteran Hougan suggests that a bitcoin ETF could be on the horizon.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Austria Plans to Regulate Bitcoin Like Gold, Derivatives Twitter  Austria’s finance ministry said that it intends to regulate Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies similarly to how it currently governs gold and derivatives trading, and it hopes the European Union will do the same.  Regulators across the world have grown increasingly concerned about the immutability and decentralized nature of blockchain transactions, which they say makes them ideal tools for money launderers and other nefarious actors. This, of course, is despite the fact that the  majority of illicit transactions  are still denominated in US dollars.  In the quest to combat this perceived threat, Hartwig Loeger, Austria’s finance minister, said that he believes rules currently governing precious metals and derivatives trading will enable the government to prevent cryptocurrencies from being used to launder illicit funds.  “Cryptocurrencies are significantly gaining importance in the fight against money laundering and terrorism financing,” Loeger said in a statement, according to a  Bloomberg  report. “That’s an important aspect for the changes we support. We need more trust and more security.”  Loeger added that he believed initial coin offerings should be essentially treated as securities, requiring operators to register “digital prospectuses” with financial supervisors and seek regulatory approval before they begin accepting contributions.  However, given Bitcoin’s borderless nature, Loeger said that it was vital for the European Union to pursue an international regulatory framework on cryptocurrency, and he said he planned to discuss the issue with Portugal’s finance minister in their Friday meeting.  This increased attention from Austrian regulators comes less than two weeks after reports emerged that an Austria-based investment scheme called “Optioment” had fleeced more than 10,000 investors for 12,000 BTC, worth more than $122 million at current exchange rates.  However, regulators across Europe have been eying cryptocurrencies and associated financial products with increased scrutiny in recent days.  As CCN  reported , France’s financial regulators have put online trading platforms on notice that cash-settled cryptocurrency derivatives products fall under government oversight and must comply with existing market regulations.  The UK Treasury, meanwhile, is  conducting an inquiry  into both the benefits and risks of cryptocurrency, as well as blockchain technology in general.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Taiwanese Police Tackle Country ’s First Bitcoin Robbery Twitter  Four men have been arrested in Taiwan following a bitcoin  robbery .  Police were called to the street in the city Taichung by neighbors who reported a dispute. They found bloodstains at the scene, and it was discovered that a cryptocurrency trader named Tai had been lured by men pretending to wish to buy Bitcoin and attacked.  The police report details that after Tai showed proof of his Bitcoin using his mobile phone, he was allegedly assaulted, with the attackers managing to transfer 18 bitcoins worth $188,000 from the device. An attempt was then made to pass the attack off as a drunken row by forcing the victim to drink Kaoliang, a strong liquor.  One man was arrested at the scene, and a second on the island of Kinmen, where he had attempted to evade detection. The two other accused were caught by police after the event, with the fourth man stated to be the mastermind of the attack. No information has been provided regarding whether the funds have been restored to their owner.  The event marks the first occurrence of cryptocurrency robbery in Taiwan, however, a similar event did occur earlier this year in the UK. Two cryptocurrency traders were  robbed  at gunpoint in their Oxfordshire home, with the aggressors taking the couple ’s baby. Direct robbery is not the only method criminals have used to steal cryptocurrency. At the end of last year, news spread that an executive of the Ukrainian EXMO exchange had been  kidnapped , with criminals demanding a $1m Bitcoin ransom.  Cryptocurrency related crime appears to be growing, with users of the technology presenting a growing target following the recent boom in prices. It is a highly worrying development, and cryptocurrency users who wish to trade with strangers are warned to be vigilant and to operate in public spaces to minimize the risk of robbery. Whilst the many exchange hacks and online crypto currency heists (such as last months $530m  Coincheck breach ) have taught traders to be careful with their funds, police warn of the new risks of direct robbery that come with the additional risk of physical harm or even worse.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   A New Georgia Bill Could Allow Residents to Pay Taxes with Bitcoin Twitter  Georgia has become the latest US state to consider allowing its residents to pay their taxes using Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.  Senate Bill 464, which was  introduced  on Feb. 21 by Republican state senators Michael Williams and Joshua McKoon, aims to amend Georgia’s laws regarding tax payments to compel the state’s revenue commissioner to accept cryptocurrencies as payments for taxes and license fees.  “The commissioner shall accept as valid payment for taxes and license fees any cryptocurrency, including but not limited to Bitcoin, that uses an electronic peer-to-peer system,” the bill states.  The bill stipulates that upon receiving a Bitcoin tax payment, officials have 24 hours to convert the funds into fiat currency and credit the taxpayer’s account for the converted dollar amount.  This could cause some headaches for taxpayers seeking to take advantage of the feature, as cryptocurrency prices often fluctuate greatly from day to day. However, it could prove popular among cryptocurrency enthusiasts as adoption continues to increase.  It’s unclear whether the bill will garner enough support to pass the legislature, as other similar bills have failed in the past in other states across the country. Two years ago, for instance, Bitcoin-friendly New Hampshire  voted down a bill  that would have made it the first state to accept Bitcoin tax payments.  Notably, though, Georgia is not the only US state currently considering whether to make cryptocurrencies a valid payment method for state taxes.  As CCN  reported , Arizona has the jump on accepting Bitcoin tax payments. SB 1091, which includes similar language to Georgia’s bill, passed the Arizona Senate 16 to 13 earlier this month and is currently working its way through the legislative process in the state’s House of Representatives.  Meanwhile, Wyoming  — a state that does not have income taxes  — is on the cusp of approving a measure that would  exempt cryptocurrency holdings  from the state’s property tax, effectively equating it to other forms of money, which have always been exempt from property tax obligations.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Scam-Free: Binance CEO Officially Receives Twitter Verification Twitter  Chengpang Zhao, CEO of crypto exchange Binance is  the proud new owner  of a Twitter account with a verified blue check mark symbol on it.  Despite Zhao being the third richest person in the cryptocurrency industry with a net worth well over $1 billion, his Twitter account was among those of regular folk since he first signed up back in August of 2017.  Good Old Fashioned Third-Party Credibility  In his tweet confirming verification status, Zhao reminds the crypto faithful not to trust anyone that promises to send you more ETH because you generously give yours to them:  “One more time, NO ONE will not sent you more ETH just because sent them some. The world doesn ’t work that way. Binance  “quietly ” launched a charity, it is for people in real need, not just because you sent one transaction.”  Zhao is referring to the numerous scams that are currently floating around on various platforms where users send tokens to people they don’t know. An  anonymous user on Twitter  posing as Tesla founder Elon Musk now owns more ethereum tokens after offering to send out a return on investment to participants only to leave them hanging.  Restoring Reputation  Zhao maintains a great reputation in the crypto community for creating the industry’s most popular exchange platform. Yet Binance has recently come under fire for a few reasons.  Most recently, Binance shut down for a full day thanks to what was called a system upgrade. Many suspected it  was due to a hack.  This all happening just one month after Binance  became the largest  exchange in the industry.  To make up for the error, Zhao and his team are discounting trading fees  until February 24 th .  Knowing Who To Trust  Zhao’s Twitter verification may not seem like a big deal. Consider for a moment though what is happening in the industry right now.  Firstly,  government regulators  are now coming down harder on their citizens when it comes to the regulation of exchanges and tax policies.  Secondly, hacks are still  costing users millions  of dollars.  And finally, investors are still losing money to pyramid schemes like  BitConnect and USI-Tech . Not to mention  initial coin offerings  that either steal coins or fail to deliver a working product.  A little blue check mark next to a Twitter account is nothing to write home about. At least now there is one less unverified crypto influencer out there.  Remember to watch out for fake accounts people.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ex-Beverage Company ‘Long Blockchain’ Finds Itself in Hot Water with Nasdaq Twitter  Former beverage producer Long Blockchain is once again at risk of being delisted from the Nasdaq, mere months after making its questionable pivot into the cryptocurrency ecosystem.  According to a  document  filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and dated Feb. 16, Long Blockchain  — formerly known as Long Island Iced Tea  — received a letter from the Nasdaq stating that the company’s stock would be delisted from the exchange.  From the filing:  “On February 15, 2018, Long Blockchain Corp. (the “Company”) received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”) stating that Nasdaq had determined to delist the Company’s securities under the discretionary authority granted to Nasdaq pursuant to Nasdaq Rule 5101. The notification letter also stated that Nasdaq was revoking its pri or notification to the Company that it had regained compliance with the market value of listed securities requirement of Rule 5550(b)(2) (the “MVLS Rule”). ”  As CCN  reported , the company had rebranded as Long Blockchain in December, which led to a 300 percent surge in the firm’s share price. This, coincidentally, raised the firm ’s market cap above the Nasdaq ’s minimum $35 million threshold and allowed the company to narrowly avoid being delisted.  However, the subsequent cryptocurrency market downturn hit Long Blockchain and other cryptocurrency-branded firms hard, and the company’s stock had plunged from $7 in December to below $3 by the end of January.  The stock slipped so far, in fact, that  — now valued at just $30.5 million  — Long Blockchain once again finds its place on the Nasdaq in jeopardy.  The document, which was signed by Long Blockchain CEO Philip Thomas, stated that the company planned to appeal the ruling, and, if the appeal is approved, the firm would have until April 9 to raise its market cap above $35 million for 10 consecutive days.  “If the Company’s appeal is approved, the Company will still need to regain compliance with the MVLS Rule by April 9, 2018. In order to regain compliance, the market value of the Company’s listed securities must remain at $35 million or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days. If the Company does not regain compliance by such date, the Company’s securities would aga in be subject to potential delisting,” Long Blockchain said in the filing.  A buzzword-filled rebrand saved the company from delisting before, but it is unclear whether Long Blockchain has any more tricks left up its sleeve. At one point, the firm had  announced  a plan to buy 1,000 Bitcoin mining rigs, but this purchase was  abruptly called off  several weeks later.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Vitalik Buterin Engages in ‘Fruitful’ Discussions with Thailand’s SEC Twitter  Ethereum founder Vitalik Buterin  is meeting with officials  at Thailand’s Securities Exchange Commission to discuss the future of his platform and the OmiseGo token.  Thailand’s regulatory bodies are being very progressive in exploring both the regulation and utility of cryptocurrencies. The meeting with Buterin represents another step forward for the developing nation.  Real Recognize Real  In September of 2017, the Thai SEC  made a statement  recognizing the potential for startups and existing businesses to fund projects using initial coin offerings. Many other international regulatory bodies are actively expressing their ideas on cryptocurrency publicly. Specifically the United States, Russia, Malaysia, Singapore, the United Kingdom and China.  The Bhatt Saving Blockchain Bonanza  Thailand isn’t just into what’s happening with coins. The country is also  focusing its efforts  towards putting mail delivery, logistics and institutional investing on the blockchain.  Over a billion Thai Bhatt is going towards a decentralization project for The State Railway of Thailand.  Furthermore, blockchain companies are flooding the Stock Exchange of Thailand with applications hoping to access public funding while the industry continues to boom.  Customer data for Thailand’s mail delivery service, the Thai Post, is already on the blockchain.  The Future Of ETH and OMG in Thailand  The Ethereum and OmiseGO communities are working together to  deal with scaling issues.  The goal is to make Thailand ’s national payment and Know Your Client systems more efficient.  Scaling is a big issues in the crypto world. Ethereum’s challenges are making headline news on a regular basis, with the wildly popular CryptoKitties platform standing as  the most glaring example.  CryptoKitties ’ $12 million in sales in 2017 is pennies in comparison to managing Thailand’s economic and privacy infrastructure.  Thailand’s Gross Domestic Product  is growing faster than  it has at any point over the last five years. The country’s current economic output is valued at north of $437 billion US  according to the International Monetary Fund.  Crypto enthusiasts, developers and governments alike all clearly understand there is a lot of work to be done in order for blockchain technology to help make the world a more efficient and secure place. It’s clear Buterin, Thailand’s government and the team at OmiseGO recognize that.  Featured image from Twitter/ @ JUN_Omise .  
INCREASE	   Dutch Investors are Hodling, Unfazed By Cryptocurrency Price Dips: Survey Twitter  The Dutch don’t scare easily when it comes to cryptocurrency, according to a survey by  nu.nl . The 865,000 people who hold virtual coins have not converted them, despite the sharp fall in cryptocurrency prices since December.  One reason is that Dutch investors invest for the long term and in small amounts, according to Multiscope, a research company that recently surveyed Dutch cryptocurrency holders.  Dutch investors have invested around 200 euros in digital coins. More than 705 of the investors said they bought the coins for long-term returns.  High Expectations For Cryto  While Dutch investors have high expectations for future returns, they have become more pessimistic about this in February due to recent pricing activity.  Investors were still counting on a return of 11 times their deposits as recently as mid-January. In February, they modified their expectations to six times their deposits.  Three-quarters of the survey respondents indicated their cryptocurrencies were still profitable as of Jan. 16. By Feb. 12, 51% indicated the value of their cryptocurrency was still higher than the amount deposited.  Six out of 10 respondents bought cryptocurrency from their current account. Only 1% used borrowed funds.  A Bitcoin-Friendly Country  The Netherlands has  long worked hard  at embracing bitcoin. In 2014, Arnhem, one of the largest cities in the Netherlands, became the first place to have a supermarket that accepts bitcoin.  Not only that, but the Dutch have their very own digital currency, the  Guldencoin , which was launched in 2014. Named after the guilder Dutch currency that the euro replaced, it has gained a significant level of acceptance among Dutch businesses.  The guilder was the currency of the  Netherlands  from the 17th century until 2002, when it was replaced by the euro. Between 1999 and 2002, the guilder was officially a “national subunit” of the euro.  Guldencoin is not the only Dutch cryptocurrency that references the traditional Dutch currency. There is also electronic Gulden.  It’s clear to see that while the Netherlands may be significantly smaller than other countries, that certainly hasn’t stopped it from embracing bitcoin and cryptocurrency.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   South Korea’s Cryptocurrency Exchanges Will Scrutinize Themselves: Report Twitter  South Korea’s biggest cryptocurrency industry body will reportedly carry out self-evaluations of its members to ensure they are playing by a set of self-regulatory rules.  The Korean Blockchain Industry Association, an industry body that includes 33 cryptocurrency exchanges, has revealed it will carry out evaluations of 21 exchanges to ensure they are following a raft of self-regulatory measures mandated by the entity in December,  Yonhap  reports.  First announced in December, the move to foster a self-regulatory environment saw a number of measures including ethical codes for exchanges in a bid to improve transparency among what has become one of the world’s largest cryptocurrency trading markets. The industry body also mandated stringent rules to prevent insider trading and market manipulation.  Korea’s biggest cryptocurrency exchanges including Bithumb, Coinone, Upbit and Korbit will all undergo evaluations, according to the report.  The self-regulatory guidelines were notably introduced after the  proposal of a blanket ban  on cryptocurrency trading by South Korea’s increasingly scrutinizing justice ministry in mid-December, promptly followed by  strict guidelines  by the government.  However, the domestic cryptocurrency industry earned a reprieve this week after the country’s financial regulator backed cryptocurrency exchanges to carry out ‘ normal’, non-anonymous transactions . The regulator also insisted the government would urge traditional banks to establish ties with exchanges to carry out transactions through virtual bank accounts. Furthermore, the regulator  called on the government  to focus on developing a framework for the ‘normalization’ of cryptocurrencies in society, instead of increasing regulation.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Recovers Past $10,000 as Market Halts Mid-Week Slide Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets halted their mid-week slide on Friday, with most coins achieving minor advances after enduring significant retraces over the previous two days. The Bitcoin price headlined the advance with a march back above $10,000, while Ethereum outperformed the index by a considerable margin.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Altogether, the  cryptocurrency market cap  rose about 1.3 percent for the day. At its present value of $462.7 billion, the market is in an excellent position to challenge the $500 billion threshold over the weekend.  Bitcoin Price Recovers Past $10,000  The minor recovery enabled the  Bitcoin price  to climb back above the psychologically-important $10,000 barrier after briefly slipping below it on Thursday. At present, Bitcoin is valued at $10,199 on Bitfinex, which represents a single-day increase of about 0.4 percent but a six percent increase from its intraday low of $9,583. Bitcoin now has a $174.1 billion market cap, which sets its market share at 38.5 percent.  Bitcoin Price Chart  The moderate recovery is potentially linked to the news that stock trading app Robinhood had begun rolling out its  cryptocurrency trading service , which was first announced in January.  The service is currently only available to a limited number of users in five US states, but the company intends to quickly expand this in the coming months. Investors are largely bullish on the fact that most of Robinhood ’s 4 million registered users will soon have the ability to trade Bitcoin and Ethereum  — with more cryptocurrencies likely to follow.  Ethereum Price Leads the Large Cap Index  Although Bitcoin managed to recover back to a psychologically-important checkpoint, it was unable to advance much further. The Ethereum price, on the other hand, achieved an index-best six percent rally, raising its value to $867 on Bitfinex. Ethereum ’s market cap is now valued at $85.5 billion, placing its share of the index just a few points below 20 percent.  Ethereum Price Chart  Altcoin Prices Post Mixed Advance  The remaining large-cap altcoins achieved a mixed advance, with most cryptocurrencies remaining close to the index.   The Ripple price and Bitcoin Cash price each rose two percent and are currently trading at $0.95 and $1,272, respectively. Litecoin and Cardano, meanwhile, largely held steady at their previous-day levels.  The EOS price rose four percent, trailing only Ethereum among top 10-cryptocurrencies, and NEO ’s one percent increase tracked the index.  Stellar, the ninth-largest cryptocurrency, posted a single-day decline of one percent, reducing its price to $0.36, while IOTA rounded out the top 10 with a two percent increase to $1.75.  
INCREASE	   Emotion vs Reason, Round 1: Historical Technology Hypes Twitter   Emotion vs Reason  I’m sure most decisions you make are based on numbers rather than intuition or perception.  However, some are clearly misinformed. Not because you did not search thoroughly, or because you couldn’t find enough data. Rather, there’s something increasingly more difficult to analyse than numbers and facts: people’s feelings towards an event.  –disclaimer: my opinions and views are not financial advisement. I have personally invested in projects mentioned in this article –  This article will be split into 3 different rounds, as I’ll discuss different topics relating to emotion analysis.  Without further due let me tell you why I think emotion will triumph over reason. Every time.  Round 1: historical technology hypes  I have a thing for historical comparisons, although I don’t think history repeats itself, it sure does have patterns and it does live in cycles. Ignoring what has happened in the not-so-distant past would be a fatal mistake. I’m going to choose three different examples of bubbles, hypes and excitement periods that ultimately resulted in a crash; then I’ll explain how emotion al ways triumphs over reason (hence, why people lose money). But before I can do that, let me ask you:  Do you know the difference between  smart and dumb money ?  Smart money is considered to be whale investors and institutions while dumb money is, well, people in general and small investors. What usually happens is what you’re already thinking: smart money buys low and sells high, dumb money buys high and sell low. Now, on which group do you see yourself? Understanding where you are on the scale is the first step to making smarter decis ions in the future. This definition is important to retain, as I will show you some examples of lots of dumb money being wiped out in a matter of hours or a few days.  The not so famous 3D printing bubble  There are many small bubbles that pass by without many ever noticing. One of those examples is 3D printing technology. Although nowadays you see more and more real applications for that technology, like creating  artificial printed organs  or  3D printed houses , do you know when the real investment hype was?  https://www.engineering.com/3DPrinting/3DPrintingArticles/ArticleID/8293/Gartner-Despite-Hype-Consumer-Adoption-of-3DP-Will-Take-Time.aspx  When there were limited use cases for that technology . Does this sound familiar? It should as the exact same thing is happening in the cryptocurrency market. There is hype (overvaluation) of a lot of companies that promise certain features. That’s why it’s so important to understand (1) the purpose of a company/technology and (2) what problems it does solve. For example,  Santiment ’s purpose is to help investors making better, more informed decisions and the solution they propose is to enable machine learning, AI algorithms and sentiment analysis in a single platform, using the wisdom of the crowds. Santiment portfolio analysis,  Sanfolio , can become essential in helping investors choosing which cryptocurrencies to buy, sell and hold.  How do you avoid getting slaughtered when entering the market?  My first piece of advice to any investor: look at the price. Even if it solves all world problems, ask yourself “do I think the price is fair?”  The epic financial crash  This wouldn’t be a proper example if I did not mention that time when smart money took one of the biggest hits of all times. The 2008 financial crash is the best example of why trusting other people with your money to make decisions for you, will always end up the same way:  http://business.time.com/2013/12/17/one-chart-that-shows-just-how-much-global-stock-markets-are-booming/  With a huge  BANG!  That’s why it’s extremely important to differentiate between allowing other people to invest for you and allowing products and platforms to help you making better decisions. See, the later makes way more sense than the first. If you don’t believe me try the following: grab any bill (the higher the face-value the better) and ask a friend: how would you spend this money if it was yours? Whatever the answer is, just give that person the money and see how they spend it.  This is a really poor example for the expression: put your money where your mouth is.  My second piece of advice to any investor: Never take advice from someone who has not put money on the asset they’re advising you to buy.  The famous dot-com Bubble  The most common example folk tend to always speak about is the  internet crash of 2001 , when deciding the fate of cryptocurrencies . During this period  the NASDAQ composite index peaked to more than 5000 points, crashing more than 78% over the next 30 months. It looked something like:  https://news.gcase.org/2015/03/03/what-caused-the-nasdaq-internet-bubble-of-1999/  Most money wiped out was dumb money, so small investors who did not want to miss the train. Look at what happened to them: so many lost so much.  Of course if you just waited, let’s say 10 or 15 years, assuming you had bet in some of the top 10 technology firms that did survive the crash, this is what could have happened:  https://markets.ft.com/data/indices/tearsheet/summary?s=COMP:NAS  Even if you had bought near the peak in 2001, 15 years later you could sell it for a hefty profit.  This is important to understand as many of the successful ICOs,  which will survive future bloodbaths , already exist today. Considering the many different investment opportunities that will emerge, it’s key that investors have available a platform that helps them understanding the market’s emotions as:  Many investors will lose money, meaning, people will learn from mistakes and will likely search for tools that helps them making better and more informed decisions. Many ICOs will disappear, meaning investors want to understand what other investors think and feel about certain projects. Using the wisdom of crowds is a good way to understand the sentiment of the market.  All these crashes have one thing in common: dumb money entering the market when the price was too high and the company did not have enough purpose. All that happened due to emotion triumphing over reason: people did not want to miss the rocket ship to the moon.  My third and last piece of advice for this round: sentiment analysis is as important as technical analysis.The fate of your portfolio and earnings greatly depends on how much information you have available; never discard crowds’ emotions towards an asset.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Founder Buterin:  ‘Traditional Assets Are Safest Bet ’ for Life Savings Twitter  Editor ’s note: The article has been amended to remove previously erroneous reporting of a Twitter scammer purporting to be Vitalik Buterin. We sincerely apologize to Mr.Buterin and our readers for the flagrant mistake.  Blockchain veteran Vitalik Buterin, co-founder of the Ethereum network behind No. 2 cryptocurrency by market cap ETH, is a realist.  While last year may have put cryptocurrencies on the map, Buterin brings up the risk/reward profile. He doesn ’t want investors to have false illusions about pie-in-the-sky returns without identifying any of the risks. Meanwhile, the ETH price has advanced nearly 40% since Feb. 5.  Buterin took to Twitter, which is often his soapbox platform of choice, to seemingly tout the merits of traditional investments at the expense of cryptocurrencies but only in the event when an investor ’s life savings are at stake.   Reminder: cryptocurrencies are still a new and hyper-volatile asset class, and could drop to near-zero at any time. Don 't put in more money than you can afford to lose. If you 're trying to figure out where to store your life savings, traditional assets are still your safest bet.  — Vitalik Buterin (@VitalikButerin)  February 17, 2018   He doesn ’t offer specific investment advice though stocks and bonds are about as traditional as securities get. His comments echo the sentiment of regulators around the world that don ’t want to see investors risk it all on an emerging asset class. Meanwhile, even traditional asset managers tout the merits of diversification.  Buterin ’s advice to not invest  “more money than you can afford to lose ” isn ’t the first time he ’s addressed cryptocurrency prices. Previously he expressed some frustration with the focus on price. Back in December he tweeted  –   
INCREASE	   The World Needs a New Kind of Currency, Bitcoin: Investor Tim Draper Twitter  Tim Draper, the founder of venture capital firm Draper Fisher Jurvetson, says the world needs a new kind of currency. Speaking from Stanford, California, Draper, an early investor in Bitcoin and a victim of the infamous 2014 Mt. Gox hack, spoke to  Bloomberg TV  of his confidence in cryptocurrencies.  Draper lost around 40,000 Bitcoins in the Mt. Gox hack, equivalent to roughly $250,000 at the time. He told Bloomberg TV that his initial response to the hack was that it would be the end of Bitcoin and cryptocurrency.  “I thought that’s the end. It’s too bad, because this was going to be the currency that was free and open and cross-border and global…”  Amid the  turmoil  surrounding the Mt. Gox hack, Draper’s foresight and intuition at the time proved remarkable. Despite losing a quarter of a million dollars himself, he noted that “Bitcoin only dropped about ten percent on the news that Mt. Gox, the biggest exchange in Bitcoin basically stole or lost… all that Bitcoin.” To Draper, Bitcoin’s resilience in the face of the major disruption the Mt . Gox hack presented it, “meant the world needs this.”  When pressed as to the possibility of Bitcoin potentially falling back below $1,000 from the current price around $9,000, Draper was unfazed. Acknowledging volatility in currency markets but arguing the chances of a such a fall were unlikely, the venture capitalist spun the question around. Was Bitcoin volatile against fiat currencies or were fiat currencies volatile against Bi tcoin?  “Bitcoin is the future currency,” he said, “Why would I sell the future for the past? Why would I go grab some weird fiat thing that’s subject to the whims of some government?”   As for Bitcoin’s upside, Draper argued that “the world market for currency is $86 trillion. I think that will be crypto. I think a very large portion of that will be crypto.”  Draper speaks almost of a new world order created by Bitcoin (and cryptocurrency technology, generally). “The unbanked are bankable through Bitcoin,” he asserts, with banking regulations making it unfeasible for banks to open accounts for those without sufficient cash. The unbanked, Draper insists, represent half of the world’s population.  On the question of security, given the history of exchanges being hacked and cryptocurrencies being stolen, Draper stood firm. “My Bitcoin is more secure than my dollars in the banks.” The blockchain has not been hacked, he argues, whereas banks have been “over and over”.  Tim Draper is a third-generation venture capitalist, steeped in old money pedigree. He has established a university in Silicon Valley focusing on preparing startups to approach venture capital firms. But if his university is an indicator of Draper’s stance on cryptocurrency, he is extremely bullish on the new asset class. Draper University has recently added a new course to its  curriculum  – an  intensive course on blockchain technology , set to launch in April.     Featured image from Flickr.  
INCREASE	   Visa: Coinbase Not to Blame for Overcharges Twitter  Editor ’s update: The article ’s headline has been amended to reflect  a joint statement  issued by Visa and WorldPay.  Credit card processing giant Visa is pushing back against allegations that it is to blame for unauthorized charges reported by a growing number of Coinbase customers in recent days.  Earlier this month, Coinbase users began reporting that they had been overcharged  — sometimes by as much as 50 times their original purchase  — for transactions made through the popular cryptocurrency brokerage platform.  Affected customers reported being saddled with a litany of overdraft fees, in addition to an inability to pay their rent and utility bills.  Writing on  Twitter , Coinbase acknowledged the problem and said that the unauthorized charges would be reversed. The San Francisco-based firm blamed the technical issue on Visa, stating that the bug stemmed from the payment processor’s recent decision to reclassify Coinbase-related transactions as “cash advances.  Source: Twitter  Visa, however, denied that it was responsible for the overcharges. The problem, the firm said, lay at the feet of Coinbase.  “Visa has not made any systems changes that would result in the duplicate transactions cardholders are reporting,” a Visa spokesperson told tech outlet  The Next Web . “We are also not aware of any other merchants who are experiencing this issue.”  “We are reaching out to this merchant’s acquiring financial institution to offer assistance and to ensure cardholders are protected from unauthorized transactions,” the spokesperson added.  Regardless of which company is actually to blame, the incident marks the latest in a long line of public relations headaches that Coinbase has faced as it has matured from a plucky cryptocurrency startup into an industry giant with a $1.6 billion valuation.  The company has struggled to scale its operations to meet surging consumer demand, often going offline during periods of market volatility. Customer complains have also soared in recent months, owing to the fact that the firm ’s customer support staff has been overwhelmed with requests from new users, many of whom are new to the cryptocurrency space.  Coinbase did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Mining Facility Interferes With T-Mobile’s LTE Network Verifying Payments Twitter  US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) revealed in an official “ notification of harmful interference ” document that a bitcoin mining facility based in Brooklyn, New York interfered with T-Mobile’s LTE network by sending harmful radio emissions to the telecom’s 700 MHz band.  Antminer Interferes With LTE Network  The FCC noted in an document published on February 15 that on November 30, a complaint by T-Mobile has been received about potential interference with its mobile network. An investigation by FCC discovered that a bitcoin miner, Bitmain’s Antminer s5 Bitcoin Miner to be specific, interfered with the LTE network of T-Mobile.  “On November 30, 2017, in response to the complaint agents from the Enforcement Bureau’s New York Office confirmed by direction finding techniques that radio emissions in the 700 MHz band were emanating from your residence in Brooklyn, New York. When the interfering device was turned off the interference ceased. You identified the device as an Antminer s5 Bitcoin Miner. The dev ice was generating spurious emissions on frequencies assigned to T-Mobile’s broadband network and causing harmful interference,” read the FCC’s statement.  The FCC emphasized continuous interference with the telecom’s mobile network through the utilization of bitcoin miners is against federal laws, and the failure to cease operations or prevent the device in question from emitting harmful radio emissions to the LTE network of T-Mobile is in violation of an FCC regulation.  “The operator of a radio frequency device shall be required to cease operating the device upon notification by a Commission representative that the device is causing harmful interference. Operation shall not resume until the condition causing the harmful interference has been corrected,” the FCC’s document added, noting that the device can continue to operate if it stops harmfu l radio emission from affecting local networks.  Bitcoin Miners   Most bitcoin mining facilities and centers are based in regions with cold climate and cheap sources of electricity. Miners tend to relocate to regions like Iceland, Norway, Sweden, and Canada that abundant sources of renewable energy. Countries like Iceland that have virtually all of its electricity generated with hydroelectric power plants and solar power plants have cheap ele ctricity readily available for bitcoin miners, that lead to a significant decrease in operating costs.  Miners seldom base their operations in cities like New York, due to expensive land, resources, and electricity. New York is the  sixth most expensive city  in terms of real estate, on a per-square-foot basis. Hence, cryptocurrency miners do not normally based their operations or establish mining facilities in the state of New York.  Cases of mining facilities interfering with LTE and mobile networks of large-scale telecoms have not been reported in the past because the vast majority of mining facilities are not established in crowded cities or regions.  It is entirely possible that newer generation mining equipment and ASIC chips do not generate harmful emission that affect local networks. The device flagged by the FCC is the Antminer s4 of Bitmain, which was released in 2014. Bitmain, the company that produces the Antminer series, already released Antminer s9.   Competitors in the mining sector such as Halong Mining have also started to create more sophisticated mining equipment, that may reduce the likelihood of miners interfering with mobile networks.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Recovers to $500 Billion as Bitcoin, Ethereum Record Gains Twitter  For the first time in February, the cryptocurrency market has recovered to $500 billion, as most major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin and Ethereum recorded large gains in the past two days.  Within the past 24 hours, bitcoin recorded a price increase 9 percent, rising from $10,030 to $10,850. Premiums in the South Korean cryptocurrency market have reemerged, and over the past 24 hours, bitcoin has been traded in the South Korean market with a 2 to 3 percent premium. At the time of reporting, on Bithumb, South Korea’s largest cryptocurrency exchange, bitcoin is bein g traded at $11,200.  Relative to major markets like Japan and the US, the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market has significantly smaller supply of most cryptocurrencies. Hence, when the demand for bitcoin or other cryptocurrency spikes, premium rates tend to reemerge. The reappearance of premiums signal an increase in demand for cryptocurrencies by local investors, which is an optimistic ind icator of short-term recovery, especially in the Asian market.   The daily trading volume of bitcoin across all major cryptocurrency exchanges has been stronger in the last 24 hours than any period in the past week, which demonstrates sufficient momentum to lead a short-term rally in the upcoming days. Several analysts have stated that if the price of bitcoin can surpass the $11,500 mark, it will carry its momentum towards the $13,000 region.  Earlier this week, several mainstream media outlets in South Korea reported that many families have sent children and young adults bitcoin as the traditional lunar new year pocket money, instead of cash. Evidently, some instances of lunar new year pocket money payments with bitcoin did not contribute to the recent rally of bitcoin. But, a significant amount of positive press have come out due to such instances, and consequently, the demand for bitcoin within the local South Korean market has started to increase once again.  Ethereum et al.  Ethereum and the rest of major cryptocurrencies have more or less followed the price trend of bitcoin over the past week. Only a few cryptocurrencies such as NEO have outperformed bitcoin in the past 24 hours and the majority of cryptocurrencies have struggled to match the strong performance of bitcoin.  Many ICO projects and tokens have increased in value due to some optimistic reports from Switzerland. This week, Swiss financial watchdog  released a guideline on ICO s, with the intent of regulating ICOs with transparency. Given that most ICOs are based in Switzerland, the plan of the government to allow ICOs to be conducted in the future creates a better ecosystem for blockchain projects.   Peter Todd, a Bitcoin Core developer and cryptocurrency expert, stated that if governments decide to regulate ICOs, they should strictly regulate ICOs that do not ostensibly seem harmful or bad, to ensure investors are protected.  “I’m just saying that if they exist and they feel that their mandate is to prevent harm, the harm they should be preventing is not the obvious fraud — it’s things that are not obviously fraudulent. That’s where the actual harm is,” said Peter Todd, who plans to discuss more about the state of ICOs at the  Genesis London conference  on February 22.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Trader Loses $603,000 in Margin Trading, Steals $2 Million Twitter  Earlier today, it was revealed that 24-year-old trader Joseph Kim, who worked for a Chicago based firm Consolidated Trading, allegedly stole $2 million to cover losses he made in margin trading and personal investments in the cryptocurrency market.  Over $600,000 Lost Due to Greed  According to the criminal complaint obtained by  Bloomberg,  Kim illegally transferred massive amounts of bitcoin and Litecoin from company wallets of Consolidated Trading to his personal cryptocurrency wallets. Initially, Kim moved 980 Litecoins to his personal wallet, deceiving his superiors at the company that he had transferred the Litecoins as a security measure.  In November, two months after Kim had moved into the cryptocurrency trading department of the company, Kim moved 55 bitcoins to his personal wallet without the authorization of the company. At the time, Kim told the company that he had taken a necessary approach to unblock the company’s cryptocurrency exchange account by transferring $433,000 worth of bitcoin to his personal wa llet.   Although Kim had moved back 27 bitcoins back to the account of the company, 28 bitcoins remained in the personal wallet of Kim.  However, prosecutors of the case claimed that Kim stole more bitcoins than the amount he claimed to the company. The official criminal complaint noted that Kim stole 284 bitcoins at one point, an amount equivalent to $2.8 million. Bloomberg reported that Kim eventually returned 102 bitcoins he moved from the wallet of the company.  A serious problem emerged when Kim decided to gamble with the company’s funds stored in cryptocurrencies. After moving hundreds of bitcoins without authorization to his personal accounts, it was revealed that Kim engaged in personal trading, executing margin orders. Margin calls often provide high risk and high return trading opportunities. Because traders are required to risk  a certain amount of bitcoin in placing a margin call, usually, traders do not risk large amounts of funds in margin calls.  The report claimed that Kim engaged in large-scale margin trading, and inevitably lost large amounts of bitcoin stolen from the Chicago-based company. While the company was able to recover $1.4 million from the personal wallet of Kim, the company could not recover the remaining $603,000.  In the beginning, Kim admitted that he wanted to generate profits by risking small funds. But, as he continued to lose more funds through high risk trading, he placed larger high risk bets, eventually losing hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of bitcoin of the company.  “It was not my intention to steal for myself. I was perversely trying to fix what I had already done. I can’t believe I did not stop,” Kim told the prosecutors.  High Risk Trades  It is important to acknowledge that high risk margin trading within the cryptocurrency market can lead to two drastic outcomes: a massive gain or a massive loss. Most traders struggle to deal with the initial loss and are tempted to initiate in more high risk trades to cover their losses. Ultimately, this type of trading method can lead to significant losses, especially if the  initial amount used in margin trading is large.  Previously, Cornell professor Emin Gun Sirer encouraged traders within the cryptocurrency market to be wary of individuals that see easy answers regarding the short-term trend of cryptocurrencies in charts, as many factors contribute to the price trend of cryptocurrencies.  “Be wary of anyone who has an explanation. Disregard everyone who finds easy answers in charts. Ignore idiots with undergrad econonomics degrees who try to pass themselves as experts. And definitely let the trader/loser crowd inhabit basements, where they periodically get wiped/rekt,”  said Sirer.  In a higly volatile market like the cryptocurrency market, it is crucial to understand the high risk in short-term trades, analyze the potential outcomes of the trades, and make cautious decisions.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ABN AMRO Launches Blockchain Bank Accounts to Kill Escrow Accounts Twitter  Dutch ‘big four’ bank ABN AMRO has launched a new service wherein bank accounts are issued to individual clients via the blockchain, as alternatives to escrow accounts.  ABN AMRO is shifting gears in its blockchain endeavor. The Amsterdam-based banking giant has  announced  a new service wherein individual client within non-bank organizations entrusted with client funds – think brokers, notaries, exchanges etc. – will directly connect with its clearing bank over a blockchain.  Used by fund managers without banking licenses, escrow accounts see clients transfer funds into these accounts before the capital is accessed by the organization. The new blockchain product effectively negates the need for escrow accounts with the transfer of funds between the organization and clients included in the payment process.  The bank contends its blockchain-based bank account with the ABN AMRO Clearing Bank (AACB) will ‘dramatically’ cut down on administration costs for the organization by ‘eliminating escrow account management costs.’  Amsterdam-based FinTech stock exchange operator Nxchange will become the bank’s first client to use the blockchain-based bank accounts. The exchange, which enables direct securities trading between companies and investors, will begin using the service this month.  Nxchange chief executive Marleen Evertsz stated:  “The solution simplifies the way investors can invest in businesses and other issuers. Block chain technology also offers a wider future perspective to facilitate transactions in multiple asset categories in distributed networks.”  The launch comes after a number of blockchain R &D  initiatives  undertaken by the Dutch bank in recent years. The bank has already piloted ‘Torch,’ a mobile application that facilitates real estate transactions by connecting all parties – buyers, sellers, landlords, tenants, the land registry office and more – on a single blockchain.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Game Developer Atari Unveils Blockchain-Fueled Dual-Cryptocurrency Gaming Reboot Twitter  The video game console for hits like eighties favorite Pac-Man is readying a pair of digital tokens, which is likely to rack up points with investors.  The Atari Group revealed a two-pronged initiative for which it has inked a couple of partnerships involving not one but two cryptocurrencies.  Atari is the latest in what appears to be the making of a trend of old companies past their prime looking for a reboot in the cryptocurrency markets. Atari should expect that regulators will be closely monitoring its token sale/issuance, as the company doesn ’t want to run into similar roadblocks that slowed fellow icon Eastman Kodak ’s token plans.  Blockchain Effect  Atari ’s projects are comprised of a crypto entertainment platform for the Atari Token as well as a casino platform for cryptocurrency gaming activity. Atari ’s stock is listed in Paris and shares have advanced 57% since the last time it updated its blockchain plans about a  week ago. The company first made its blockchain ambitions known at year-end 2017.  Yahoo Finance  Gaming on the Blockchain  Now Atari is tipping its hand to more of its strategy, which involves taking a 17.5% equity stake in Gibraltar-based blockchain startup Infinity Networks, to which the game console company has licensed out its brand. Infinity is behind a decentralized platform for digital entertainment across channels including video games, film and music.  Atari is quick to point out that the Infinity platform is still under development, which is a key point for potential buyers of the Atari Token, which will fuel the Infiniti platform.  Meanwhile, Atari also has its sights set on the casino market and is taking its relationship with online gaming platform Pariplay, whose platform is fueled both by fiat money and cryptocurrencies.  Nostalgic gamers will be glad to see some of their favorite Atari games on the online casino sites, though the company doesn ’t identify which ones yet.  Atari is developing a second digital coin dubbed the Pong Token that will be dedicated to the casino platform.  Gaming has been among the sectors to flock to the blockchain, with casinos, gamers and virtual gifting startups frequently issuing proprietary tokens in ICOs designed to function within their respective ecosystems.  Meanwhile, Gibraltar, which is where Atari ’s blockchain partner Infinity Networks is domiciled, is on track to emerge as the maiden territory to unveil ICO regulation. This bodes well for potential buyers of the Atari Token, as it gives the company a model by which to follow should it decide to pursue the ICO route with its new tokens.  
INCREASE	   Solve This Videogame ’s  “Mind-Blowing ” Test, Get a Bitcoin Twitter  Beat the game, win a Bitcoin. Simple, right? That’s the premise of MonteCrypto: The Bitcoin Enigma, a PC game scheduled for release next week.  The mysterious game, the latest in a long tradition of public treasure hunts, offers players the opportunity to achieve a lucrative payday  — if they can solve the game’s two dozen puzzles, that its.  At its core,  MonteCrypto: The Bitcoin Enigma  is a first-person maze exploration game, and players will be tasked with solving 24 “mind-bending puzzles. ”  Embedded in the game’s files is a wallet.dat file containing the private key to an address with a 1 BTC balance. The wallet is encrypted with a 24-word seed that players will unlock once they beat the game. Only one player, however, will be able to claim the prize, and the rest will be met with an empty wallet.   Although the game is single-player, users can leave messages for others to find. Will they cooperate to solve the puzzles, or will they use the feature to try to steer them off the correct path? That’s what the game’s creators say they want to find out.  From the game’s Steam page:  “Montecrypto: The Bitcoin Enigma is an experiment in player choice and cooperation like no other, with a prize that translates not only to bragging rights but to real world value. How much will players be willing to share, how much will they be able to compromise and who will claim access to the final vault of Montecrypto?”  Incidentally, the development team, Gem Rose Accent, is as enigmatic as the game itself. The company has not produced any other games under this brand, and the developers said that they will not reveal their identities until a player has claimed the 1 BTC prize.  The game, which will be released on the Steam platform on Feb. 20, has a $1.99 entry fee. The 1 Bitcoin prize? That ’s currently valued at $10,763, according to the  CCN Bitcoin price index .  Featured image from Steam/Montecrypto.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Regulation: Abu Dhabi Financial Regulator Considers Cryptocurrency Framework Twitter  The regulator for Abu Dhabi’s international financial center is considering embracive regulations for the cryptocurrency industry, a move that could see exchanges and intermediaries move into the financial zone.  In an  announcement  on Sunday, the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (FSRA) of Abu Dhabi Global Market said it is currently reviewing the development of a regulatory framework with industry firms and relevant authorities.  If established, the regulatory move would establish the international financial sector as friendlier shores for cryptocurrency exchanges and firms.  The regulator said it is:  “[R]eviewing and considering the development of a robust, risk-appropriate regulatory framework to regulate and supervise activities of virtual currency exchanges and intermediaries. In considering such a framework, the FSRA intends to consult and work closely with industry participants and relevant professional bodies. ”  The development comes within months of guidelines  released  by the Abu Dhabi government for cryptocurrencies and ICOs in the capital of the United Arab Emirates (UAE). In October, Abu Dhabi’s financial markets regulator ruled out a “one size fits all” regulatory approach to the sector, separating ICOs as securities and cryptocurrencies as commodities.  It’s a marked turn of events for the development of the sector in the region after bitcoin  ducked a prohibitive ban  by the UAE’s central bank a year ago. Yesterday’s announcement follows  a public warning  on investments risks in ICOs by UAE’s Securities and Commodities Authority (SCA), the capital’s financial markets watchdog.  In its announcement, the FSRA also touched on the advent of cryptocurrencies as a medium of exchange. Friendly regulations could see the use of cryptocurrencies in payments, if only within the international financial center of over 40 companies.  It said:  “The FSRA notes that virtual currencies, although not legal tender, are gaining interest globally as a medium of exchange for goods and services. ”  Meanwhile, the central banks of the UAE and Saudi Arabia are  jointly working  on the development of a cryptocurrency that could soon see cross-border transactions using a blockchain-based cryptographic token. Elsewhere in the region, the likes of Dubai is exploring the use of blockchain technology in  sweeping measures  in areas including the  government , a  state cryptocurrency , a  citywide payments system  and even its  airport .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Members of Congress Should Disclose Cryptocurrency Holdings: Blockchain Caucus Founder Twitter  The founder of the US Congressional Blockchain Caucus wants his fellow members of Congress to be required to disclose their cryptocurrency holdings.  Colorado House Representative Jared Polis (D), who has long been one of Bitcoin’s most vocal advocates on Capitol Hill, sent a  petition  to the House Ethics Committee earlier this week arguing that cryptocurrency holdings should be subject to the same financial disclosure requirements as other assets.  “Members of Congress and covered employees are already required to report certain asset holdings over certain amounts, including reporting any commodities holding over $1,000, a Member or covered employee should report any virtual currency holding as they would report any other commodity, such as gold,” Polis wrote in the letter, which was dated Feb. 5.  He noted that the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and Internal Revenue Service (IRS) have all provided investors with regulatory guidance surrounding cryptoassets and have ruled that they are subject to regulations governing commodities, securities, and property, depending on the specific substance of the asset involved.  If adopted, these disclosure requirements would prevent lawmakers from secretly trading on non-public information, such as whether the federal government was preparing to enact cryptocurrency regulations.  This has proved to be a problem in other countries. Last month, several financial regulators in South Korea were  found  to have invested in cryptocurrency and then sold their entire stakes prior to the government’s announcement that it would adopt a stricter set of regulations governing cryptocurrency exchanges.  In Ukraine, meanwhile, a similar financial disclosure policy  revealed  that three lawmakers held a combined $47 million worth of bitcoins.  Previously, Polis co-sponsored several bills to promote the development of blockchain technology and normalize the use of cryptocurrency as a financial instrument.  Last year, Polis and Arizona House Representative David Schweikert (R) introduced the  Cryptocurrency Tax Fairness Act , a bill that would eliminate reporting requirements for cryptocurrency transactions worth less than $600, making it far less burdensome for US residents to use cryptocurrencies to pay for small value items.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Canadian Blockchain Startup Expands Into Crypto-Friendly Wyoming Twitter  Nova Scotia-based BlockCrushr is expanding into the lower 48. The blockchain startup has chosen Wyoming for its new corporate subsidiary amid the state ’s openness to both the technology and cryptocurrencies, as evidenced by pending legislation. BlockCrushr Wyoming ’s presence ahead of the state Legislature ’s ruling suggests the startup is confident about the prospects of the policy.  Wyoming is currently entertaining several blockchain-related proposed policies, including  Bill HB0070 , which supports a digital token issued on an open blockchain that ’s not subject to securities and money transmission regulations as long as it meets a set of criteria. It ’s unclear what the SEC would have to say about it.  “Wyoming is one of the best places in the U.S. to do business. Between low startup costs, the most business-friendly tax system in the country, and lawmakers who are focused on supporting and fostering the growth of innovative fintech business and technology, Wyoming just makes sense, ” said BlockCrushr Labs chief Scott Burke  Bill HB0070 would be a boon to BlockCrushr Wyoming, as the startup is behind TokenClub, which they describe as a monthly service for  “the hottest ICOs ” that are sent to a subscriber ’s Ethereum wallet. The user sets a spending cap, and TokenClub fills their basket with what they have vetted to be the top tokens that month. As examples, the following projects would  meet their criteria :  “Civic, FileCoin, Golem, and Kik. ”  December ’s tokens were as follows  –   BlockCrushr Wyoming is in the process of being incorporated and is located in Cheyenne-based coworking space T he Second Floor @ the Paramount .  Wyoming is among US states jockeying for position in fintech, with the Wyoming Blockchain Commission  — of which Overstock ’s Patrick Byrne is an advisor  — leading the charge. The commission is designed to promote blockchain technology in Wyoming, touting the distributed ledger tech ’s benefits, such as slashing costs, improving efficiency as well as stimulating the formation of new businesses.  House Bill 0070  As for the open blockchain exemption bill that was introduced in January, it ’s being sponsored by a trio of lawmakers. It suggests that tokens would not be characterized as securities if they meet the following criteria  –  they aren ’t marketed to the public as investments users of the token can exchange it for goods or services, which most token-fueled blockchain startups should qualify for there are no repurchase agreements involved the token issuer must not be a broker-dealer or in any way deal in securities  At present, it seems upcoming ICOs are using trial and error to determine whether or not their tokens fit as a utility or a security, most often settling on the former. Policymakers are looking to enact the bill in July 2018.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Market Cap Could Hit $4 Trillion: Winklevoss Twins Twitter  The Bitcoin price has the potential to rise 4,000 percent over the coming decades, enabling the flagship cryptocurrency to one day achieve a $4 trillion market cap.  Bitcoin Market Cap Could Hit $4 Trillion: Winklevoss Twins  That’s according to longtime Bitcoin bulls Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, who first invested in Bitcoin when it was valued at $120 and became the first verified “ Bitcoin billionaires .”  The twins have often compared Bitcoin favorably to gold, forecasting that the digital asset will disrupt the yellow metal, and Cameron Winklevoss said that the recent Bitcoin price decline has not caused him to waver from this optimistic prediction.  “Taking bitcoin in isolation … we believe bitcoin disrupts gold. We think it ’s a better gold if you look at the properties of money. And what makes gold gold? Scarcity. Bitcoin is actually fixed in supply so it ’s better than scarce … it ’s more portable, its fungible, it ’s more durable. It sort of equals a better gold across the board, ” Winklevoss said during a  CNBC-sponsored forum  at the Milken Institute’s MENA Summit last Wednesday.  Based on this assessment, he said that Bitcoin could end up with a market capitalization similar to that of gold, which is currently valued at $7 trillion. Bitcoin, he predicted has a “potential appreciation of 30 to 40 times,” which would set the Bitcoin price above $320,000 and result in a circulating market cap of at least $4 trillion.  This, Winklevoss said, made Bitcoin’s recent correction an attractive buying opportunity:  “So if you look at a $100 billion market cap today, now last week it might have been more like 200, so it ’s actually a buying opportunity, we think that there ’s a potential appreciation of 30 to 40 times because you look at the gold market today, it ’s a $7 trillion market. And so a lot of people are starting to see that, they recognize the store of value properties. So we think regardless of the price moves in the last few weeks, it ’s still a very underappreciated asset. ”  Of course, the Winklevoss Capital co-founder cautioned that this transfer of capital will not take place overnight but could come to fruition within the next 10 to 20 years.  Criticisms Just a  ‘Failure of the Imagination ’  His brother, Tyler, agreed with Cameron ’s assessment that Bitcoin would disrupt gold, adding that he believes cryptocurrencies will ultimately replace fiat currency as the primary medium of exchange for machine-to-machine transactions.  “Cryptocurrencies aren ’t really important for human-to-human transactions,” he said, “but when machines-to-machines trade economic value, they are going to plug into protocols like Bitcoin and Ethereum.”  He explained that, given the multitudinous applications of this technology, most critical analyses from Bitcoin skeptics are baseless.  “You know the criticisms [of Bitcoin] are just a failure of the imagination, ” he concluded.  Featured image from Flickr.  
INCREASE	   20 Organizations File Amicus Briefs in Support of Silk Road Founder Ross Ulbricht Twitter  Twenty organizations signed onto amicus briefs in support of Silk Road operator Ross Ulbricht’s petition to have his case reviewed by the US Supreme Court.  On Feb. 5,  five amicus curiae briefs  were filed regarding  Ulbricht v. United States , which alleges that the government violated Ulbricht’s Fourth and Sixth Amendment rights during its investigation and sentencing of his case.  Each of these five “friend-of-the-court” briefs was filed in support of Ulbricht, who is currently  serving a life sentence  for a variety of crimes related to his administration of the infamous darknet marketplace Silk Road and petitioned the Supreme Court to take up his case after an appellate court rejected his appeal last year.  In his petition, Ulbricht has asked the Supreme Court to rule whether the government can seize an individual’s internet traffic without a warrant or probable cause, as investigators did to unmask him as Silk Road operator “Dread Pirate Roberts”, which he claims was a violation of his Fourth Amendment right to be protected from unreasonable searches.  The petition also argues that his trial judge violated his Sixth Amendment right by justifying an otherwise unreasonable sentence with information not introduced as evidence during the trial, namely that investigators believed he had attempted to pay a hitman to commit five murders  — allegations which were uncharged and unproven.  The briefs  — which present information related to the case but may or may not factor into the Court’s decision  — attracted a combined 20 amici curiae from across the political spectrum, with filers ranging from the progressive-leaning National Lawyers Guild to the libertarian Reason Foundation and even the conservative Gun Owners of America.  As CCN  reported , legal expert and SCOTUSblog founder Tom Goldstein named  Ulbricht v. United States  his petition of the day on Jan. 23, a designation which indicates that he believes the case addresses constitutional questions that “have a reasonable chance of being granted in an appropriate case” but does not necessarily mean that the specific case is an “appropriate vehicle” for the Court to decide the question.  Feb. 5 had originally been the deadline for the government to respond to Ulbricht’s petition, but the Court granted Solicitor General Noel J. Francisco’s request to extend that deadline until March 7. No amicus briefs have been filed in support of the government’s position.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   UAE Remittance Giant Partners Ripple for Instant International Payments Twitter  One of the Middle East’s biggest money transfer and forex houses has entered an agreement with fintech giant Ripple to enable real-time cross-border payments using the latter’s enterprise blockchain.  With a presence in over 31 countries, the UAE Exchange is among the region’s earliest largest international remittance operators and becomes the latest payments solutions provider to partner San Francisco-based Ripple.  The  collaboration  will see UAE Exchange join RippleNet, the company’s enterprise blockchain network that sees over 100 members in banks and financial institutions, using Ripple’s SWIFT-replacement product for real-time clearing and settlement of international transactions. RippleNet, unlike the Ripple Consensus Ledger (the company’s public blockchain), does not use Ripple’s native token XRP.  UAE Exchange CEO Promoth Manghat spoke on the importance of being an early mover in adopting the decentralized technology, stating:  “The early adoption of this game-changing technology allows us to offer a competitive service, as it will have an impact on the speed and cost of cross-border transactions. We are proud to deliver the future of payments with Ripple. ”  With the implementation, Ripple contends that the foreign exchange giant will be able to facilitate instant international retail payments at ‘competitive rates, speed, transparency and efficiency.’ Based in Abu Dhabi, the remittance operator has already seen Ripple partner the National Bank of Abu Dhabi, the emirate’s largest bank, to launch blockchain-cross border payments. Wi th a significant population of immigrants in the region, the UAE sector is notably among the world’s busiest remittance corridors.  Ripple says it has been paying attention and is keen to focus on the region. The company’s global chief of infrastructure innovation Dilip Rao added:  “We chose to focus on solving inefficiencies in key corridors where payment flows are significant and growing. Adding a market leader like UAE Exchange to RippleNet will bring instant, certain, low-cost payments to the millions of retail customers in the UAE who send money abroad. ”  The development comes within days of Ripple announcing a partner in Hong Kong-based LianLian to facilitate  cross-border payments to China . In January, Ripple’s XRP-based xRapid saw two international payments providers sign-on for pilot testing with chief executive Brad Garlinghouse pointing toward more partnerships in 2018.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Lingerie Tycoon Sells 50 Luxury Dubai Apartments for Bitcoin Twitter  Aston Plaza  & Residences has successfully sold  50 apartments  to Bitcoin users in February. Located in Science Park Dubai, the apartments will offer residents the chance to live close to Dubai ’s famous landmarks such as the tallest building in the world Burj Khalifa as well the Dubai International Airport.  The 2.4 million square feet project with almost 1,300 apartments was initially launched in  September  of last year. It is currently being constructed by Aston Developments, which works under the parent company Aston Property Ventures owned by  Knox group of companies . Founder and Chairman of Knoxx, Douglas Barrowman, partnered with Baroness  Michelle Mone  of Michelle Mone Interiors and lingerie company Ultimo, for this crypto-friendly $325 million project.  Barrowman told Business Insider that,  “We allocated 50 out of 1,300 developments. We’ve sold all out. Some bought ones and twos, and one individual bought ten. ”  While Bitcoin users worldwide and specifically UAE were given a golden opportunity to invest their cryptocurrency, Mone told BI that most of those buyers  “fit the stereotype of early bitcoin devotees ”.  Mone further described how the Aston team slowly built a relationship with those young investors,  “They would talk on the phone — they’re not just like in their hoodies in the dark in the rooms. ”  Aston Plaza  & Residences: What ’s Next?  According to the website, a total of 400 apartments have been sold to early investors. However, the purchasing process is still in  ‘Phase 1 ’, which is now offering 150 apartments, the lowest price starting at 9 Bitcoins. At the time of writing, only 132 apartments are left. Once they are sold and the project moves closer to its  completion  (estimated around summer of next year), the prices for the next developments will increase.  Barrowman explained that they haven ’t announced more apartments yet,  “We’re still getting lots of inquiries. We’ve not released another batch. Particularly when bitcoin was riding high in the charts. I think a lot of people were cashing out over the Christmas period. ”  The plaza will offer various attractions and basic facilities to future residents including food, beverage and retail shops, supermarket, swimming pool, play area, a potential medical center, gym, and tracks for walking and running.  The prices of the studio apartments range from 15 to 16 BTC, around 132, 976$. One bedroom apartments can be found at 25 to 27 BTC (approx. $223,057) while two bedroom apartments are priced at 38 to 41 BTC (approx. $343,165). The payment can be made via global BTC payment service BitPay.  This is not the only cryptocurrency project led by Barrowman and Mone. Both of them are planning to launch a  $75 million ICO  which will offer  ‘Equi ’ tokens for the  ‘Equi ’ platform. Barrowman explained that the website will provide investment opportunities to people. He said,  “I like to see this crypto space being used to buy real-world assets. That’s the spirit of Equi as well. It’s transcending the crypto space into the physical and real world. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Regulation ‘Inevitable,’ Says IMF Chief Christine Lagarde Twitter  The head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) says that cryptocurrency regulation is “inevitable” due to the nascent technology’s utility as a tool that criminals can use to perpetrate illicit activities.  Speaking in an interview with  CNN Money  at the World Government Summit in Dubai on Sunday, Christine Lagarde, managing director of the IMF, said that illicit cryptocurrency use had made the IMF and other regulatory agencies determined to develop a framework for cryptocurrency regulation.  “There is probably quite a bit of dark activity [in cryptocurrencies],” she said. “We are actively engaging in anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism. And that reinforces our determination to work on those two directions. ”  Lagarde explained that following the 2008 financial crisis, regulatory agencies focused their attention on entities such as banks. However, she said that the prevalence of cryptocurrencies demonstrated that an “entity-based” regulatory framework is not sufficient and that the IMF and other regulators must take an “activity-based” approach to supervising cryptocurrency usage.  “I believe that it’s inevitable,” Lagarde said of cryptocurrency regulation. “We clearly have to move into an activity-based regulation. Forget about the entities, work on the activities themselves: who does what and who is licensed to do what and who is properly regulated and supervised.”  This statement is the latest development in Lagarde’s pivot from dismissing blockchain technology out of hand to diagnosing it as a threat to the global financial establishment.  In 2015, Lagarde told an audience of bankers that they  did not need to worry  about Bitcoin and poked fun at those who expressed concern about it.  By last year, however, she was warning that cryptocurrencies could bring “ massive disruptions ” and that bankers “it may not be wise to dismiss virtual currencies.”  Lately, Lagarde has begun latching onto cryptocurrency’s negative associations,  trumpeting  its perceived use in illicit transactions and the large amount of electricity that miners consume.  This negative public stance has coincided with a  coordinated IMF push  intended to promote an international framework for cryptocurrency regulation  — a proposal that has been  embraced  by a variety of financial regulators from G20 nations.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   JPMorgan: Cryptocurrency is Unlikely to Disappear [Yes, Really] Twitter  JPMorgan ’s mixed signals on bitcoin persist. The top US bank based on assets has released what ’s been dubbed a  “Bitcoin Bible ” for investors, conceding that cryptocurrencies aren ’t going away while simultaneously warning investors about a looming 50% or so drop in the BTC price. Meanwhile, JPMorgan ’s CEO Jamie Dimon, whose distaste-turned-disinterest in bitcoin made headlines for months, hopefully ok ’d the resources to create the bitcoin manual. Otherwise, someone ’s job could be on the line.  The bitcoin bible, which is comprised of  71-pages of crypto , covers topics ranging from the technology of bitcoin to its use cases, not to mention the hurdles that it faces. Meanwhile, JPMorgan analysts have issued their own report saying conditions are ripe for the BTC price to fall to $4,605, which would reflect nearly a 50% drop from its current level of $8,727.  Bitcoin Bible  Perhaps the most revelatory finding in the bitcoin bible is the bank ’s realization that cryptocurrencies aren ’t going anywhere. They write:  “CCs are unlikely to disappear completely and could easily survive in varying forms and shapes among players who desire greater decentralization, peer-to-peer networks, and anonymity, even as the latter is under threat. ”  The bitcoin bible also pointed to cryptocurrencies as a point of diversification for investment portfolios, providing a non-correlated asset to stocks and bonds, for instance. This point of view could bolster cryptocurrencies into the retirement market, such as 401(k) plans in the United States, or at least further the conversation.  The hurdles, they say, surround bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies competing with fiat based currencies, pointing to the euro and the yuan as some of its stiffest competition. And if you argue bitcoin more as a store of value than as a currency by which to spend, the argument loses some of its luster.  Less surprising is their acceptance of the blockchain, which Dimon himself has touted as  “real ” and whose technology is increasingly permeating the bank ’s internal divisions. JPMorgan in the bitcoin bible points to the merits of distributed ledger technology for accelerating cross-border payments, pointing to  “reward tokens or funding systems for other blockchain innovations and the internet of things. ”  Analyst Warning  Meanwhile, despite the rosy report on bitcoin, JPMorgan analysts also issued a wake-up call in the form of technical analysis, warning investors that the BTC price is headed for a drop of enormous proportions, to the $4,605 level from its current price of more than $8,700, reflecting a drop of almost 50%.  “The question is whether we go there straight away, indicated on a failure to clear 10128 and 10776, or at a later stage after a stronger countertrend rally,” according to the analyst report  cited in Business Insider .  But JPMorgan analysts, which remain  “impressed ” by the bitcoin price ’s recovery from its recent doldrums, suggest that bitcoin ’s fate is only sealed if it doesn ’t break through its current resistance noted in the above range. If it can do that, the bitcoin price could recover back to a range of $14,334 to $16,304.  Mixed Signals  It ’s not the first time that JPMorgan has sent mixed signals both to Wall Street and the crypto community on bitcoin. Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan chief executive famously called bitcoin a fraud back in September before having a change of heart. He later expressed remorse, with his feelings on the topic advancing from intolerance to no interest.  JPMorgan also addressed institutional capital, most of which remains sidelined from cryptocurrencies, as a signal to watch for cryptocurrencies making their way into the mainstream.  Hedge funds comprise the lion ’s share of the 175 cryptocurrency funds in the market, but assets under management have yet to surpass the low-billion-dollar threshold.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Iceland Lawmaker Proposes Tax on Incoming Cryptocurrency Miners Twitter  Virtual currency miners are flocking to  Iceland  due to its abundance of renewable energy, and some lawmakers want to tax them, according to  ABC News . Iceland’s renewable energy from hydroelectric and geothermal power plants has delivered competitive electricity rates.  Smari McCarthy, a lawmaker from Iceland’s  Pirate Party , wants to tax bitcoin mines. According to ABC News, the lawmaker ’s initiative will find support due to Icelanders’ skepticism about financial speculation following the country’s banking crash in 2008.  Companies creating value pay taxes under normal circumstances, McCarthy told The Associated Press.  The town of Keflavik on Iceland’s southern peninsula has attracted virtual currency miners who are building large construction sites on the town’s outskirts.  Mining To Double  Johann Snorri Sigurbergsson, a business development manager at Hitaveita Sudurnesja, a local energy company, expects virtual currency mining to double the country’s energy consumption to around 100 megawatts, which exceeds that used for the country’s 340,000 households, according to the country’s National Energy Authority.  Sigurbergsson said he could not have predicted this development four months ago. The Svartsengi geothermal plant supports the southwestern peninsula, where the mining takes place. He said he recently met with a mining company that wants to purchase 18 megawatts.  At Mjolnir, the largest of three mining farms in Keflavik, tall metal fences surround 50-meter-long warehouse buildings containing computer mining rigs.  These data centers are designed to take advantage of the regular wind on the peninsula. The buildings have partial walls to allow cold air to cool the equipment.  Also read:  Bitcoin mining isn ’t an  ‘environmental Armageddon ’: Credit Suisse report  Miner Objects  Helmuth Rauth, who oversees operations for Genesis Mining, said bitcoin mining should not be singled out as environmentally taxing. He said computing always requires energy. He pointed to the energy needed for credit card transactions and Internet research, and said cryptocurrencies have the same global impact.  Rauth compared the mining activity to gold mining. Genesis Mining began in Germany and moved to Iceland in 2014.  Residents of Reykjavik remain skeptical. When the bank crash hit in 2008, the Pirate Party was swept into power and presently holds 105 of the seats in Parliament. McCarthy questions the benefit of bitcoin mining to society, and believes it should be regulated and taxed.  Iceland is spending tens or hundreds of megawatts to produce something with no tangible existence or real use for humans outside of financial speculation, which cannot be good, he said.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Tokyo Police Question NEM Trader Over Coincheck Theft Twitter  Japanese police have reportedly questioned a domestic trader who converted a small portion of stolen NEM from Coincheck into Litecoin as a part of an ongoing investigation.  Citing sources with an ear to the investigation of the recent major theft of NEM tokens from Japanese exchange Coincheck, the  Nikkei  is reporting that police have questioned at least one individual in connection with the hack.  According to the publication, the unnamed individual had anonymously converted a small amount of the stolen NEM coins – tagged by Singapore-based NEM Foundation following the theft – into Litecoin through a dark web website. The individual, who reportedly admitted to being aware that the NEM sold was originally stoen from Coincheck, was tracked by Tokyo Metropolitan Police Depa rrtment’s cybercrime division after actively monitoring websites on the dark web. Few other details are currently known.  As reported in late January, Coincheck executives  confirmed  a massive hack of 526 million NEM tokens, worth over $530 million at the time. The stolen NEM tokens were subsequently split up between several digital addresses, all of which are being tracked by the NEM.io foundation.  “The decentralised NEM protocol’s flexibility allows transactions to be traced in real-time, which aids exchanges to identify wallets attached to malicious activity,” the non-profit foundation  said  this month. “This helps make stolen XEM tokens effectively unusable, because they cannot be deposited without being flagged by NEM. “  The automated tagging system was specifically introduced with the objective of tracing stolen funds and identifying wallets holding stolen funds, enabling observers to check and verify if those funds reach regulated cryptocurrency trading platforms.  The investigation into the theft has already revealed at least one hacker possessing a portion of the stolen NEM making attempts to trade the cryptocurrency into bitcoin, last week. The hacker  reportedly  offered a 15% discount to bitcoin traders over the dark web to sweeten the deal with the Bitcoin-NEM swap.  Meanwhile, Coincheck has said it will  re-enable withdrawals  of fiat yen deposits to customers, starting tomorrow.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   US Senate Reviewing Bill Calling For Assessment Of Cryptocurrency Terror Threat Twitter  The meteoric rise in interest in cryptocurrencies has led to a ton of new investments flooding into the space. Speculators, professional investors, and even whole companies want in, and there’s no sign that will be abating anytime soon. The increased interest is also leading to greater scrutiny, including from the United States Congress.   For all of the hype that suggests cryptos are the wave of the future for financial transactions, there remains a bit of a stigma attached to the space due to suspicions that cryptos have been used to finance illegal activities. Last May, representatives Kathleen Rice (D-NY) and Derek Kilmer (D-WA) introduced  HR2433 , a bill that aims to push the Department of Homeland Security to coordinate with other federal partners to conduct a threat assessment on virtual currencies.   Specifically, the bill called on the DHS Office of Intelligence and Analysis to examine “the threat posed by individuals using virtual currency to carry out activities in furtherance of an act of terrorism, including the provision of material support or resources to a foreign terrorist organization.” Upon completion, the DHS would be expected to share its findings with other la w enforcement bodies at the federal, state, and local levels.   It has been suspected that terror network ISIS has been using Bitcoin to fund its activities. Last year, a 27-year-old Pakistani-Born US resident named Zombie Shahnaz was stopped by authorities as she attempted to board a flight bound for Pakistan. She was subsequently charged with bank fraud, money laundering, and conspiracy to commit money laundering, as it’s alleged that she  fraudulently obtained funds that were used to purchase Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies online. Shahnaz was discovered to have made a number of strange wire transfers to vague entities and individuals located overseas.   “These transactions were motivated to benefit ISIS, which the defendant ultimately sought to join in Syria,” according to court documents.   Last week, the US Senate held hearings on amending the Department of Homeland Security Authorization Act via  HB2825 . One section of that bill contains language that’s similar to HR2433, which successfully passed the House last year before being sent over to the Senate. No action was taken by the Senate since that point, so it appears that the threat assessment request has been absorbed into the broader DHS bill. Either way, it’s clear that cryptos are on the radar of regulators, but we’ll h ave to wait and see if the assessment sparks any changes.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   A World First: Gibraltar Plans to Regulate and Legalize Initial Coin Offerings Twitter  The Government of Gibraltar is weighing up legislation to regulate initial coin offerings (ICOs) and their secondary markets.  In an  announcement  by the Gibraltar Financial Services Commission (GFSC) today, the financial watchdog for the British Overseas Territory said the government and the authority are jointly developing legislation for blockchain-based token offerings in the territory. The decision follows a discussion by the government with local stakeholders in December after an initial September  statement  outlined authorities’ intent to introduce a ‘complementary regulatory framework covering the promotion and sale of tokens.’  “A new regulatory framework for DLT which will become operational as from January 2018 will regulate the activities of firms, operating in or from Gibraltar, that use DLT to store or transmit value belonging to others, such as virtual currency exchanges,” an excerpt from the statement said at the time.  And so, it has proved, with work toward regulatory draft laws currently underway.  Specifically, the draft laws will push for the regulation of ICO operators’ promotion, sale and distribution of tokens; the secondary trading markets related to these tokens located in the territory and businesses offering investment advice related to tokens in Gibraltar.  As a result, the regulations will mandate ICO issuers to follow disclosure rules that includes ‘adequate accurate and balanced disclosure of information’ to all prospective token buyers. Further, the regulations will also establish mechanisms to prevent financial crime.  According to Gibraltar’s commerce minister Albert Isola, the regulatory move will coincide with authorities’ intent to protect consumers and safeguard companies offering token sales in Gibraltar.  GFSC senior advisor on distributed ledger technology (DLT) Siân Jones added:  “One of the key aspects of the token regulations is that we will be introducing the concept of regulating authorised sponsors who will be responsible for assuring compliance with disclosure and financial crime rules. ”  Notably, the government’s announcement also hinted at the prospect of regulated investment funds dealing with cryptocurrencies and ICOs, a development that is currently under review.  The bill is expected to reach the Parliament’s floor sometime in Q2 2018. If passed into law, Gibraltar will prove an attractive destination for businesses weighing up token sales in the coming months and cryptocurrency investment funds in the future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Finds a Base at $8,000 Twitter  The Bitcoin price appears to have found a base at $8,000 as it seeks to recover to its mid-December high.  Bitcoin Price Finds a Base at $8,000  At this time last week, the Bitcoin price was neck-deep in the most precipitous market correction that the majority of cryptocurrency investors had ever experienced. By the end of the day, Bitcoin would plunge below $6,000 for the first time since November, leaving Bitcoin bears  gleefully predicting  the flagship cryptocurrency ’s imminent demise.  That, of course, did not happen, and the Bitcoin price soon reversed trajectory and began to mount a recovery. By Feb. 7, Bitcoin had once again ascended past the $8,000 mark on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex, and  — despite a few brief dips back into sub-$8,000 territory  — it has held above that mark since.  Five-Day BTC Price Chart  Consequently, it appears that $8,000 has developed into a base for Bitcoin, perhaps indicating that the market has shaken out a large percentage of the weak hands who contributed to its recent decline.  However, Bitcoin has thus far been unable to break through resistance at $9,000, albeit for a brief period on Feb. 10. At the time of writing, Bitcoin was trading at $8,703 on Bitfinex, which was in line with the coin ’s global average.  The Partial Return of the Kimchi Premium  One reason for Bitcoin ’s recent recoveryThe global Bitcoin price has been bolstered in recent weeks by the return of moderate premiums at South Korean exchanges. The so-called  “Kimchi Premium, ” which had once priced cryptoassets as much as 25 or 30 percent above equivalent values on Western exchanges, had largely disappeared at the beginning of February following the implementation of new restrictions intended to cool the country ’s heated local markets.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Included in these new rules was a prohibition on anonymous trading, which meant that all traders had to undergo KYC verification before they could resume trading. Many traders were slow to do this, perhaps because consumer interest had tapered in response to the recent market correction. However, BTC/KRW volume has gradually increased over the past two weeks as traders have verified their accounts and re-entered the markets, and this increased volume has been accompanied by a slight return of the Kimchi Premium.  At the time of writing, Seoul-based cryptocurrency exchanges Upbit and Bithumb each priced Bitcoin at about $9,100, which represented a roughly five percent premium over the coin ’s global average, although these platforms accounted for just a combined four percent of total Bitcoin trading volume.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Eyes $9,000 as Markets Recover from Sunday Dip Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets entered the week on a high note, as every top 100-cryptocurrency rose against the value of the dollar on Monday. The rally placed the Bitcoin price in position to surmount the $9,000 barrier, while the Ethereum price began to test $900.  Altogether, the  cryptocurrency market cap  made a nearly $40 billion advance, from $392.8 billion on Sunday to $432.4 billion on Monday. This works out to a 24-hour increase of 10 percent, one of the index ’s better single-day performances in recent memory.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Eyes $9,000  Monday morning brought an eight percent recovery for the  Bitcoin price , raising it to a present value of $8,729 on Bitfinex. This represented a nearly $1,000 recovery from Sunday morning when the flagship cryptocurrency dipped to $7,851. Bitcoin now has a market cap of $149 billion, which holds its market share steady at 34.5 percent.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Ethereum Price Punches Past $850  Monday ’s market movement also dealt the  Ethereum price  a winning hand, and the second-largest cryptocurrency rose by six percent to $860. Ethereum currently has a market cap of $85.1 billion, which places its market share at 19.7 percent.  Ethereum Price Chart  Altcoins Ride the Bullish Wave  The wider altcoin markets took full advantage of the day ’s bullish wave, and every cryptocurrency ranked within the top 100 advanced by at least two percent (excluding  stablecoins ).   The Ripple price posted a 14 percent gain, which raised the value of XRP to $1.07. Ripple now has a $41 billion market cap, making it nearly twice as large as fourth-ranked Bitcoin Cash, which rose just six percent to $1,290.  Cardano saw its price rise by eight percent, placing its market cap in position to crack the $10 billion barrier in short order. EOS, meanwhile, punched through $9 billion on the heels of a nine percent price increase.  The final four coins in the top 10 managed to outperform the index. Litecoin, ranked seventh, rose by 12 percent to $162, while NEO ’s 14 percent gain led all top 10-cryptocurrencies.  The Stellar price added 11 percent to reach a present value of $0.39, and IOTA  — bolstered by news that  Bosch had invested in IOTA  and joined the project ’s network advisory board  — rose 13 percent to round out the top 10.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitstrade Hit With Cease and Desist by New Jersey Watchdog Twitter  New Jersey ’s Attorney General says the online bitcoin investment platform has been fraudulently selling unregistered securities in the state. The New Jersey Bureau of Securities, a division of AG Gurbir S. Grewal ’s office, has  sent a cease-and-desist letter  to Bitstrade, effective immediately, alleging that the company is in violation of the State’s Uniform Securities Law for pooling investments and promising returns of 10%, accruing daily. Bitstrade takes payments in bitcoin.  The Bureau ’s response comes in the wake of a meeting among federal lawmakers to discuss the crafting of a regulatory framework for cryptocurrencies. Meanwhile, AG Grewal said the Bureau is looking to  “protect investors as they navigate the uncharted and largely unregulated domain of cryptocurrency-related investments. ”  “Bitstrade is a prime example of a company seeking to capitalize on the cryptocurrency craze. Regulators, including the Bureau, are actively responding to fraudulent crypto-cloaked securities offerings, ” said Bureau chief Christopher W. Gerold in the statement.  The state ’s approach has the hallmarks of  similar action  taken by Texas regulators against Bitconnect, leading to a series of events that led the bitcoin investment platform to shut its doors, which doesn ’t bode well for Bitstrade.  Opaque Bitstrade  But with the exception of bitcoin, little is known of Bitstrade ’s investment approach. They have a table on the home page listing the top 10 investors who wish to identify themselves alongside recent withdrawals. Bitstrade boasts nearly 1,000  “happy investors ” across more than $802,000 total invested. But their activity in the state of New Jersey is unclear.  Bitstrade has minimum and maximum investment allocations of $10 and $100,000, respectively, promising  “the more you invest, the more profit you will receive, ”  as per the website .  Investment Pool, Fixed Returns  Bitstrade runs an investment pool that combines small allocations from members and redirects the funds into what the company describes as a  “single huge investment. ” According to the letter, Bitstrade promises investors return of as high as 10% that  “accrue daily. ” Bitconnect, before it was shuttered, similarly promised investors fixed returns.  Meanwhile, Bitstrade isn ’t registered to sell securities in the state of New Jersey, which has the regulator crying foul. The NJ Securities watchdog also took issue with a lack of transparency surrounding the Bitstrade management team, its headquarters, the health of the balance sheet, risks associated with the pooled investments and the precise securities that investors are gaining exposure to.  A visit to the Bitstrade website reveals that they are domiciled in either Redlands, Calif. or Scottsdale, Ariz., but the NJ Bureau contests that the California address is fabricated while the other is a dead-end. Bitstrade doesn ’t list its management team on the website. They claim to work with  “e-currencies, ” offering features such as instant deposits and withdrawals.  Certainly, Bitstrade ’s business practices raise some eyebrows. But at the same time, the NJ Bureau doesn ’t appear to be a fan of cryptocurrencies, referring to them as  “virtually anonymous ” and saying they offer investors  “no recourse  … to recoup their losses. ”  But some digital coins are more anonymous than others, and exchanges are increasingly engaged with regulators and lawmakers to stave off fraudulent activity.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   French, German Finance Officials Call for Global Crackdown On Cryptocurrency Twitter  German and French finance officials want the  G20 , an international group of financial officials, to take action to prevent cryptocurrencies from undermining global financial stability and creating risks for investors, according to a recent letter to G20 members.  The officials – Bruno Le Maire, France’s Minister of the Economy; Peter Altmaier, acting German Finance Minister; Francois Villeroy De Galhau, governor of the Bank of France; and Jens Weidmann, president of the Deutsche Bundesbank – are urging the G20 ministers to take action to prevent risks posed by the rapid growth of cryptocurrencies.  The officials said they want the matter discussed at the first G20 discussion during its Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governor’s meeting in Buenos Aires March 19 and 20. Their letter was specifically copied for Argentina’s minister of finance, Nicolas Dujovne.  G20 is an informal group of 19 countries and the  European Union , and includes representatives of the International Monetary Fund and the  World Bank , according to the G20 Information Centre.  Crypto ’s Rise Brings Alarm  The letter noted the “significant rise and the volatility in the valuation and market capitalization over the past year of digital instruments issued through distributed ledger technology.”  The officials said the G20 could adopt appropriate, “international harmonized actions” recognizing the “transboundary implications” of cryptocurrencies. They acknowledged cryptocurrencies present a fast evolving tool, but at the same time pose risks for investors and can be vulnerable to financial crimes.  Four Challenges  The letter cited four challenges:  1) Understanding the nature of crypto tokens. The officials said such tokens are mislabeled as “currencies,” and that regulators hold disparate views about the nature of such tokens that result in a “lack of clarity for investors” that will cause speculation.  They called for a clear distinction between the tokens and the underlying distributed ledger technology that promises “sustainable innovation” that Germany and France are pursuing.  2) Monitoring the rising exposures of market participants to tokens in terms of market integrity and financial stability. Such implications appear to be limited at present, but considering the expanding capitalization of tokens and the new financial instruments, such developments must be closely monitored to prevent risks to financial stability. While there are no implications in monetary policy, the use of such tokens as a means of exchange should be monitored in the field of monetary policy. The intention by some central banks to issue cryptocurrencies must also be extensively monitored.  3) Protecting non-professional investors. Better information is needed for investors who do not understand the risks they are exposing themselves to.  4) A common approach is needed for anti-money laundering and counterterrorism financing. Cryptocurrencies have the potential for those who can make the worst use of them. Germany and France have taken regulatory measures in the field of anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing, and the European Union is following suit. But a coordinated global effort is needed.  International Action Called For  The officials want the international forums that respond to the G20, such as FSB, FATF, BIS, to conduct a report on the four challenges raised by the G20 Finance Ministerial in July and propose possible guidelines for additional action.  G20 should also consider asking the IMF to conduct a quantitative analysis of international financial stability issues related to crypto assets, the letter noted.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘Worthless ’: Research Firm Levels Kodak ICO With Withering Indictment Twitter  At CCN we have been following the  Kodak story  – a once monolithic print photography company that has struggled to adapt to the digital world. The announcement that the brand was turning to blockchain with KODAKCoin, which aims to protect photographers ’ digital rights utilizing immutable distributed ledger technology, swept through the crypto space. Despite the ICO ’s  early wobbles , when the coin finally launched it tripled from its ICO price, leaving initial investors pleased and observers optimistic regarding the company ’s transformed future.  However, investment research firm Kerrisdale Capital this week has released a crippling  22-page indictment  on the project.  Referring to the company as a  “dying relic of American manufacturing” , (KODAK went bankrupt in 2013), Kerrisdale sees the $300m ICO as a cash grab that  “will never deliver promised benefits” .  Their report is damning, stating that whilst:“blockchain and cryptocurrencies are exciting technologies with the potential to disrupt many industries; their use in media rights licensing by KODAKOne will not be one of them”.  They go on to describe the project as a “moribund company’s hollow attempt to chase the ICO craze” and the team as having  “zero credibility ”.  Investors were further warned that the cryptotoken is in their eyes of no value, stating:  “We view the equity as worthless, implying downside of -100%.”  In Black and White  The central criticism is that the project uses buzzwords such as  “AI-enabled image recognition”  and  “encrypted digital ledger”  to generate hype and “speculative mania”, obscuring the reality that the project cannot achieve it’s stated goals. According to the firm, “cryptographic hashing will not prove the provenance of IP and using blockchain does not diminish the resources necessary for infringement detection and enforcement”.  In other words, the project won’t be able to protect photographers any more than they currently are, and that “there is no practical advantage to using blockchain”.  An unnamed blockchain expert the firm spoke with predicted that:  “[O]nce the speculative mania has left….what will be left will be a dry husk of a software application that will never do what it was marketed to do”.  The report goes further than criticizing the blockchain platform, it also raises allegations of “highly suspicious trading” by the company and predicts future SEC investigation.  Last month CCN reported upon the  Kodak KashMiner,  a piece of crypto mining hardware leased by KODAK  for $3400. In addition to the lease fee, customers were also obligated to return 50% of their mined Bitcoin to the company. Kerrisdale conducted further research on the mining rig, and discovered that it was allegedly a Bitmain Antminer S9 with the label replaced.  The report concludes that Kodak are “impostors” with their attempt to jump on the blockchain tech bandwagon, and foresee that the funds they have generated will not protect the company from the “gravity of dying, old-world fundamentals”.  This report may come as yet another call for greater investor care in the speculative ICO market, in line with recent SEC  regulatory plans . In this space, it’s easy to generate hype and mania, covering the absence of working fundamentals or a viable model. Whether the report is accurate or not in it ’s assessment of KODAKCoin remains to be seen. The company provides assessment spanning a broad range of investments, from pharmaceuticals to popular retailers, and so are not blockchain specific experts.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘Zap ’: Developers Release Lightning Network Beta Wallet Twitter  Developer Jack Mallers has announced that Lightning Network wallet Zap is ready for testnet use with its Beta  release on Monday .  The project has been open-source since its inception, but the release of Zap aims to make transacting on the Lightning Network easier for the average user. To gain an understanding of how easy it is to use.  Download the demo  and let this video guide you:   Proceed with caution. For now Mallers maintains the Beta solution isn’t ready for a mainnet launch just yet. Any attempt to transfer cryptocurrency through the Beta app can result in a loss of funds and backlog the apps developers in continuing to make progress.  What Is Lightning Network?  The Lightning Network  allows for the scaling of bitcoin transactions and a dramatic increase of payment speed through the use of smart contracts. This is all done away from the blockchain initially so there’s no need to worry about block confirmation times.  This means payments can now be made without custodians, making Lightning Network a much more scalable and sustainable solution for the long term. It has the potential to handle billions of transactions.  It will also be possible to make transactions between different chains as long as the chains can support the same cryptographic hash functions. This again eliminates the need for third parties to be involved in signing off on a transaction.  If you want to dive deeper into the technicalities of the Lightning Network,  take a look  at the whitepaper and PowerPoint presentations available. Or watch this handy explanation:   Progress Being Made  A Reddit user hinted  just a week ago  that they have successfully completed the first purchase of physical goods on the Lightning Network. This comes less than four months after developers at Blockstream  used testnet coins  to complete one of the very first transactions on the network.  Now that testing is well underway and real BTCs are being exchanged, Zap aims to be the next step in Lightning Network’s progression. It makes sense given that the original Lightning Network demo features a lot of command line coding that non-programmer friendly bitcoin users will undoubtedly be confused by:   Still, Mr. Mallers and the rest of the LN open-source community warn that the kinks still need to be worked out before it can be widely used. Try it out but exercise caution. Don’t use real coins just yet.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bosch Invests in IOTA, Outlines Blockchain Plans Twitter  Robert Bosch Venture Capital  is investing in IOTA . The firm is also joining the network’s advisory board.  Digging In Deep With Data  Bosch is a 131-year-old company, yet it’s on the cutting edge of crypto and IOTA’s tangle-style platform. Clearly, the firm desires to go deeper into data rather than stick to its old business model and profit from hardware.  Selling data is the future and Bosch views IOTA and autonomous cars as a great way to collect micropayments and information.  Add this to the fact the city of Taipai, South Korea is set  to use IOTA  to turn the city into an app-driven smart city. Its obvious IOTA is really making some waves.  IOTA’s data marketplace has been  in the making  since 2015. Around the same time, IBM  spent $2 billion  to acquire the Weather Company. The sole reason for the purchase was to get access to data.  IOTA’s Automotive Ambitions  IOTA is already taking care  of $10 billion worth of transactions on its ledger. Wireless no fee micro-payments relating to electric vehicle charging and parking are already happening.  As the exchange and value of data continues to grow in volume, IOTA’s value will continue to grow on the open market.  The Future Is Friendly  The five most valuable publicly traded companies in the world  all rely on data  as their number one commodity. Those companies include Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft and Alphabet (Google’s parent company).  The Internet of Things industry is approximately  growing at a rate  of 28.5% annually. Boston Consulting Group predicts the industry will be worth $267 billion by the year 2020.  Consider where IOTA’s tangle technology lies within these two trends. Couple that with its commitment to building ‘smart cities’. It makes perfect sense for Robert Bosch to jump on board now and ride the wave into the future.  A future where self-driving cars will be able to platoon together on the freeway, saving fuel and moving faster in a safer way than cars have ever been able to do before. This will all be possible thanks to data, and the real-world application of it is what makes the Bosch/IOTA partnership an interesting one to watch for the long run. Cryptocurrency prices are currently rebounding after a strong recent downturn. Perhaps Robert Bosch and IOTA will prove the long-term value of the IOTA token.  As long as they don’t  mislead the public  about the nature of their partnership the way they did with Microsoft of course.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Steadily Rebounds, Surpasses $450 Billion Valuation Twitter  At last, after a week-long correction, the cryptocurrency market surpassed $450 billion in valuation, for the first time since February 4. While the market has been steadily recovering, it still isn’t ready to initiate strong rallies.  Steady Recovery  On February 10, when the market valuation of all cryptocurrencies in the market combined achieved $458 billion, the price of bitcoin peaked at $9,074 and the price of Ethereum hit $911. However, since then, the market has struggled to maintain momentum, as bitcoin fell by more than $500 to $8,461 and Ethereum fell to $840.   Briefly, earlier today, the price of Ether, the native cryptocurrency of the Ethereum network, fell to $820, to a two-day low. Generally, the price trend of Ether has followed that of bitcoin over the past few weeks. As the price of bitcoin surpassed $9,000, Ether achieved $900 and as the price of bitcoin fell to $8,500, Ether fell to $850.  Overall, the entire market has been following the trend of major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin and Ethereum, mostly because in periods of extreme volatility, cryptocurrencies with large market caps tend to operate as reserve currencies of the market.  In previous corrections, the cryptocurrency market recovered quickly because there was still hope among newcomers and casual investors that the market would rebound in the short-term. This correction has been significantly different to previous corrections. The media has reported more stories about investors losing money than optimistic developments within the cryptocurrency sector.  South Korea in particular, which continued to show optimism throughout 2017, was hit with a bear market in recent weeks due to negative press. This week, another individual committed suicide due to his losses in the cryptocurrency market. The public was shocked to discover that the individual was a well-known senior developer at a high profile IT startup in the country.  Given the negative press towards the cryptocurrency market, despite the enthusiastic approach of regulators as seen in US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and US Commodities and Futures Trading Commision (CFTC) senate hearing, it may require several more weeks for the market to recover and major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, Ethereum, and Ripple to regain psychological thresholds at $10,000, $1,000, and $1 respectively.  Market Will Rebound in a Few Weeks  Pantera Capital CEO Dan Morehead noted that the cryptocurrency market could begin rallying in a few weeks, as the market has been in correction for over 52 days.  Morehead said:  “We ’re certainly aware it ’s a very speculative market. It ’s volatile on the upside. It can be volatile on the downside. And we ’re 52 days into this. It seems like another couple of weeks and everything will be normal and [bitcoin] can start growing back up again.”  Morehead emphasized that bitcoin is still underowned by retail traders and the adoption of the asset class by institutional investors in 2018 could allow the market to grow rapidly.  “There ’s such an institutional appetite to get exposure to this. It ’s a half-a-trillion-dollar asset class that nobody owns. That ’s a pretty wild circumstance. And bitcoin is still so underowned by institutional investors that it trades at its own beat,” he said.  
INCREASE	   $170 Million: Cryptocurrency Exchange BitGrail Loses 17 million Nano (XRB) Twitter  BitGrail was the fifth most popular exchange for XRB trading according to Coinmarketcap, however the volume has now been amended to zero. With a market valuation today of $10 per XRB, the to, al loss is estimated to be $170m.  The Nano Core team were informed by the owner of BitGrail, Francesco “The Bomber” Firano of the loss on Thursday. In a  blog update  they report that the fault appears to be related to BitGrail’s software. In private correspondence, Firano allegedly inquired as to the possibility of modifying the ledger in order to cover his losses, but the development team responded that this line of action: ”[I]s not possible, nor is it a direction we would ever pursue. ”  The blog posts then makes subtle accusations regarding the legitimacy of the hack, stating that:  “We now have sufficient reason to believe that Firano has been misleading the Nano Core Team and the community regarding the solvency of the BitGrail exchange for a significant period of time. ”  The team adds that criminal investigations are underway:  “Our team promptly contacted law enforcement and we are fully cooperating with law enforcement on this matter ….We are preparing all information we have on the matter such as blockchain entries, screenshots, and chat logs ”  Following the loss of XRB Bitgrail has claimed insolvency and is not in operation, whilst unofficial sources claim that the exchange had been insolvent months earlier. The source in question claims to have discovered that the account from which user funds had supposedly been lost funds, ( BitGrail Representative 1 ), had multiple transactions of large even numbers, (e.g. 3000, 5000, 8000 XRB) to the Mercatox exchange. He/ she describes this behavior as suspicious, adding that:  “It certainly doesn ’t look organic. ”  Another user took to Reddit, conducting an AMA post (As Me Anything) titled  “I lost 147k Nano ($1.4 M and falling) in the Bitgrail hack.”  The user responded with surprising positivity to the terrible news:  “I ’ve decided that the only way to deal with this is to move on as quickly as possible and keep making solid decisions. Negative emotions in times like these serve no one. I will continue to invest in cryptocurrency to the degree that I believe it has potential, and if it does, the worst decision I can make right now is stopping. I will be much, much more careful with exchanges i n the future.”  When commended by other uses for his/her mental fortitude, the user outlined a community-minded approach, putting others before themselves:  “I hope that by doing this AMA, I can help some other people who lost funds understand how to respond in a healthy manner. The only thing you can do is continue to make rational decisions that do you  & others the most good. If money makes you do terrible things, it matters too much to you. ”  This approach sets out a responsible and healthy attitude to the financial loss that sadly is frequently experienced in the cryptocurrency world. It comes as a reminder to keep financial matters in perspective, contrasting with the sad news that a young Korean Bitcoin investor  committed suicide  due to the recent crypto crash.  Nano (XRB) was previously known as RaiBlocks. It uses a DAG (Directed Acyclic Graph) protocol similar to IOTA, with zero fees and scalability advantages. There is a maximum supply of 133 million coins which are all in circulation, and so the breach represents a loss of over 10% of the total supply.  Users of the exchange had been reporting issues prior to the event, with many waiting for identity registration. Many users also reported being unable to withdraw their XRB from the exchange. BitGrail had been a popular choice for Nano investors, as one of the first exchanges to open trading on the coin.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   JPMorgan: Bitcoin Must Evolve, Blockchain ’s Not a Threat  Twitter  It may surprise some people to learn that JPMorgan Chase is invested in the blockchain. Umar Farooq, a banker turned blockchain leader at JPMorgan, discussed how the bank is using the blockchain and didn ’t shy away from bitcoin. He was speaking at the Yahoo Finance All Markets Summit for Crypto in New York earlier this week.  He spoke of  “active engagement ” with blockchain internally, as teams from across the bank ’s operations are increasingly looking to distributed ledger technology as a possible solution to problems. Farooq ’s at the head of that business, and he ’s more open-minded about bitcoin than you might think.  He said that while the industry may say blockchain ’s good and bitcoin ’s bad, that ’s now how JPMorgan, the top US bank based on assets, sees the world.  “We all believe in blockchain good. I wouldn ’t go as far to say cryptocurrencies bad. I would say and cryptocurrencies have issues. ”  The big issue, he says, surrounds know-your-customer (KYC) and anti-money laundering (AML) rules.  “Everyone I talk to in the banking industry, regulators, central banks  — everyone sees the potential. But everyone is trying to fundamentally grapple with the issues. I wouldn ’t say crypto is bad, but I think crypto needs some evolution, ” he said.  Elephant in the Room  Meanwhile, he wasn ’t afraid to tackle the elephant in the room, his boss Jamie Dimon ’s previous derogatory remarks on bitcoin, offering some perspective.  “I think he ’s backed off, clarified a couple of comments. He ’s always been super consistent in breaking the two apart cryptocurrencies versus blockchain. In terms of cryptocurrencies, given right now the banking industry is facing these questions, I think his comments were quite relevant to the times. If you talk to many regulators, they possibly have similar feelings, ” said Farooq.  But he wouldn ’t go so far as to say that JPMorgan has plans to roll out a bitcoin product to retail investors in the near future, saying:  “At this point, everyone is studying the stuff. ” Once policies are developed reflecting KYC and AML standards,  “then the retail bank will take a hard look at how to do this, ” he added.  Radical Impact  Meanwhile, JPMorgan has been exploring blockchain technology for the past two years when the market was still  “nascent, ” having developed Quorum, based on Ethereum, which was open-sourced and brought Jamie Morgan to GitHub. He doesn ’t view the technology as a threat for now.  Farooq expects blockchain will have a  “radical impact ” on some of the bank ’s businesses, particularly as it relates to providing trust between parties.   “There ’s always a role for a trusted advisor in the mix, ” he said, adding the bank could provide infrastructure or facilitate the data layer.  “There will always be a role. It ’s not an existential threat in the short-term. ”  Blockchain has gripped JPMorgan, as evidenced by a blockchain virtual room for messaging that ’s ballooned to more than 1,500 people. He said his team started small and now every line of business at the firm has blockchain representation. They approach the blockchain group saying a problem  “smells or feels ” like it could use the blockchain for data transfer, reconciliation, etc.  Today the blockchain group is engaged with multiple businesses across payments, capital markets and custody.  “Our fundamental approach to blockchain is we think about the customer issue we want to solve  … 80% of the time, blockchain isn ’t the answer and it ends up being an infrastructure issue. But we focus on the 20% of the time where blockchain really is a good solution. We have a number of solutions on the way, ” he said.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Blockchain Technology Officially Enters the Oil and Gas Industry Twitter  Oil and gas companies can rejoice, as Ethereum-powered blockchain technology is officially being adopted into a major industry. The oil and gas industry is generally considered slow to change, however, since the oil glut that drove prices to record lows starting in 2014, hydrocarbon companies have been adapting at a rapid pace to survive.  Separate Moving Parts Align into One  Ethereum-based project developer  ConsenSys  and Paris-based, cash-to-order-automation company  Amalto  are developing an Ethereum-based blockchain, joint-venture called Ondiflo. This joint-venture would provide digital solutions for order-to-cash processing. The digitized process will improve production and hauling efforts in a synchronized environment producing benefits such as improved scheduling and dispatching, accurate measurement of discharged fluid volume, precise invoic ing, significantly reduced revenue leakage, and zero to very few coding errors.  From Paper to Digital  Once set up, Ondiflo would be based in Houston, Texas, the heartland of the U.S. oil and gas industry. The company would use Ethereum’s smart contracts to develop a ticket-based automated system to streamline and enhance the order-to-cash processes related to oilfield services contact services in the up-, mid-, and downstream sectors of the industry. These processes are still b eing executed by processing physical paperwork. Additionally, data verification through proof of work would be another benefit. Transactions could be settled in only a matter of hours, compared to days. Furthermore, it could reduce the number of potential points in which errors could occur. Once the technology is set up and the process adopted, companies would see an overall ef ficiency increase in conjunction with increased profits.  ConsenSys founder Joe Lubin sums up the power of the blockchain:    As one of our first ventures into the oil and gas supply chain industry, Ondiflo will offer a solution where all operators and service companies can benefit from digitization, automation and the seamless exchange of data and immutability of their records, made possible by the Ethereum platform. Ondiflo will deliver efficiency to processes, which today are still largely manual a nd paper-based, like field ticketing or bill of lading, and are ready for the blockchain.  Facilitates Accounts Payable   In the oil and gas industry, companies must deal with a high rate of days sales outstanding (DSO). This period is usually around 90 days from the order date to the payment date. The longer a company goes without collecting the balance due, then the more chances the company has to fall into a cycle of cash-flow disorders. In this case, the company is selling on credit to its cus tomers and maintains a high debt-to-accounts-receivable ratio. In dealing with DSO rates, a happy medium is to be desired, because a rate that is too low, indicates that a company is too strict with its credit and may drive away potential customers.  What’s the next step for Ondiflo?  A stakeholder’s meeting is set to take place on 15 February 2018. After this meeting concludes, a plan will be set for the joint-venture to follow and launch Ondiflo. More developments on this status will surface after this date.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Legendary Billionaire Investor Carl Icahn Shuns Bitcoin, Blames Himself  Twitter  The activist investor won ’t go near bitcoin for three reasons. Carl Icahn  in an interview with CNBC  expressed his distaste for cryptocurrencies, calling them  “ridiculous, ” but unlike others who were quick to write digital coins off, he admitted that in this case, the problem may lie with him.  In true curmudgeon style coupled with a dose of self-deprecation, he pointed to limited understanding and old age as two of the key reasons he ’s on the sidelines.  “Maybe I ’m too old for them, but I wouldn ’t touch that stuff, ” he quipped. Separately, Warren Buffett, who similarly will only invest in companies whose business models he understands, doesn ’t predict a happy ending for cryptocurrencies. Though these baby boomers aren ’t buying, the millennial generation would increasingly choose bitcoin over other asset classes.  Check out the results from a recent  Blockchain Capital poll   –   Corporate Raider  Meanwhile, Icahn, whose style is to raid corporations that he believes are undervalued, doesn ’t get the technology behind bitcoin and other altcoins.  For instance, in the equity markets, if he spots a corporation that ’s  “poorly managed ” or is a ripe candidate for a takeover, he knows what to do  — swoop in, acquire enough equity shares to assert his influence on the board of directors and implement a change in direction.  Among the sectors of the economy that he ’s focused on are rail, food packaging and investment, which incidentally are migrating toward the blockchain.  But with cryptocurrencies, it ’s a completely different ballgame, as given the decentralized nature of the digital coin it can trade separate and apart from the entity that issued it if needed. Ripple ’s Brad Garlinghouse  once told CNBC :  “With respect to centralization, if Ripple (the company) went away tomorrow, the XRP ledger would continue to exist and trade. ”  Meanwhile, Icahn admitted to CNBC that he doesn ’t grasp the connection between blockchain and cryptocurrencies.  “I don ’t like the cryptocurrencies only because, maybe I don ’t understand them. How do you regulate them?, ” he said, pointing to the series of scandals that have rocked investors.  A lack of regulation for cryptocurrencies is Icahn ’s third reason for avoiding the market, but he ’s not alone. It ’s is a topic that policymakers, too, are  trying feverishly to solve .  And he ’s not suggesting that investors follow his lead.  “If you like that though, maybe you understand it much better than I do, ” he said.  Another 2008?  In addition to talking cryptocurrencies, Ichan also gave his opinion on the condition of the equity markets, where said was  “overleveraged, ” suggesting too much money has flowed into index funds and ETFs, saying,  “It ’s a little bit  like  ’08 when everybody was mortgage-backed securities, which were crazy. ”  On the note of ETFs, Canadian regulators in recent days approved the country ’s maiden blockchain ETF. Harvest Portfolio ’s Blockchain Technologies ETF  launches on the  Ontario Stock Exchange in a week.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   BitFury Launches Blockchain Investigation Tool to Fight Bitcoin Crime Twitter  Bitfury , a well-known industry group which started in 2011 as a Bitcoin mining company and has since grown into a multinational blockchain research group, has moved into the law enforcement space with the release of its new tool  Crystal .  The Crystal tool was designed with two main use cases in mind. The first of which is for law enforcement to track bitcoin transactions related to criminal activity. Bitcoin is commonly used in Ransomware attacks, which encrypt a user ’s data and force the user to pay a certain amount of money to decrypt it. One such attack, the infamous  WannaCry , made nearly  $25 million  in bitcoin over a period of two years.  The Crystal tool in action on the WannaCry ransomware attack  The creators of WannaCry, despite its vastness (about  $4 billion in damages ), mistakes (like the infamous  killswitch , meant for testing whether or not the ransomware was sandboxed), and the sheer amount of money lost; no arrests have been made. The Crystal team  claims  that this attack could have been traced in a matter of 3 hours and could have easily allowed authorities to instruct exchanges to halt withdrawals from the suspected wallet addresses in real time.  The second use case for the tool is a compliance measure and risk management tool for financial institutions. As a case study, Crystal uses Bitcoin based venture capital firm aimed at the healthcare sector. The tools aim, in this case, is proving compliance with rules against violating national sanctions, funding terrorism, and money laundering. By producing transparent reports on the sources of funds and where they are going institutions can prove compliance with national laws. This prevents legal action against the venture capital fund and it ’s principals. Crystal has also advertised its ability to  audit mining operations  in order to ensure they aren ’t Ponzi schemes and  counteract corruption  of elected officials (when bribed through Bitcoin, of course).  Not a New Development  The Crystal tool is part of ongoing efforts by the BitFury Group to de-anonymize the blockchain. Earlier this year, the group announced that it had been making progress on a new method for  “clustering ” related wallets. They published a detailed  white-paper  on the subject explaining their findings and revealing a probabilistic model for determining the relatedness of transactions and then testing it with off-chain data to identify addresses associated with gambling, mining pools, and drug transactions. This first paper,  nearly a month old, was successful in de-anonymizing about 15% of the blockchain.  A table explaining clustering methods in the whitepaper  “Automatic Bitcoin Address Clustering ”.  The new tool ’s marketing materials show that Crystal has been in real-world use for some time and likely has already had an impact on several high profile investigations. The most significant development seems to be Crystal ’s risk scoring which are intended to be used in an automated fashion and could conceivably be implemented by major exchanges in the near future.  Toward Anonymity?  Bitfury ’s developments toward de-anonymizing the Bitcoin blockchain have the potential to increase the appeal of security-focused cryptocurrencies. We ’ve already seen that malware developers convert their currencies from Bitcoin to a less traceable form of currency upon moving the funds to an exchange (Perpetrators of Wannacry, for example,  moved  it ’s funds over to Monero).  In order to prevent the real-time exchange level locking, it ’s likely we ’ll start to see more ransomware developers request payment in other forms of cryptocurrency and potentially even  return to the dollar .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Betting on Superbowl …with Ethereum Twitter  Tonight at 6:30 PM EST traders will tear themselves away from exchanges around the United States and turn on the Superbowl. It ’s unfortunate, but if they miss it, there ’ll be very little to talk about with their non-crypto friends on Monday. This year cryptocurrency professionals and enthusiasts around the world can combine their two loves with an Ethereum smart contract they can use to gamble on the Superbowl.  Gambling with cryptocurrencies is nothing new. As a matter of fact, in a report by  Credit Suisse  this summer gambling ICO ’s dominated the market by sheer number. As a matter of fact, whole ICO ’s, such as  XWIN  have been dedicated to creating a trustless platform for sports gambling.  None of these platforms are live yet and many are still months out from conducting ICO ’s. Even so, what differentiates  CryptoBowl  is how simple it is. It ’s about 1200 lines of code on an Ethereum  contract . It simply checks  WolframAlpha ‘s API to see who won the Superbowl and makes payouts accordingly. The smart contract utilizes Oraclize.it ’s API in order to communicate the results back to the smart contract. In the midst of the cryptomania as of late, it ’s simplicity is incredibly refreshing.  cryptobowl.co website screenshot.  It ’s so simple, as a matter of fact, that the website ’s slogan is  “No ICO, no bullshit. ” The mere existence of this product is definitely reflective of the fatigue felt by crypto traders as of late with the explosion of ICO ’s in recent months and the rampant price fluctuations and uncertain market conditions. Nonetheless, it hasn ’t proved too popular thus far. As of press time, about $200 worth of Ethereum seems to have been contributed in total with New England in the lead.  The distribution mechanism also results in a self-creating spread. According to the FAQ on the bottom of the  website  The winners will receive their money back plus the losers pot (minus 10% for the creators of the website) in proportion to what they have contributed. This self-creating and adjusting spread is an interesting way to go on a trustless platform and maybe a trend going forward.  While this smart contract obviously represents a microscopic portion of the sports gambling market, it ’s a definite sign of things to come in the crypto space. As more ICO ’s take off they ’ll have to deal with problems like setting a spread. More importantly, they ’ll need to find a better way to retrieve results than through a centralized system. I look forward to seeing how much more (if any) money is put into this before it closes tonight.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Malware Monero Miner Targets Google’s DoubleClick Twitter  Trend Micro, a provider of security software, hardware and services, discovered a malvertising campaign on high traffic websites used by  Coinhive , a JavaScript code that allows website admins to mine  Monero  with visitor’s CPUs.  The attackers targeted Google’s DoubleClick, which provides Internet ad serving services for distribution, Trend Micro reported on its security intelligence  blog . In addition, the maladvertisements also used a separate web miner that connects to a private pool.  Trend Micro has reported its findings to  Google  about the campaign, which affected Japan, France, Taiwan, Italy and Spain.  Trend Micro noticed a rise in traffic to five malicious domains on Jan 18, and on Jan. 24 it found a near 285% jump in the number of Coinhive miners. The traffic came from DoubleClick advertisements.  Web Miner Scripts Embedded  Two different web miner scripts were embedded, along with a script displaying the advertisements from DoubleClick. The attacked web page displayed the legitimate advertisement while the two web miners conducted their covert tasks.  The use of the advertisements on legitimate websites is believed to be a ploy to attack a greater number of users.  The traffic connected to these miners declined after Jan 24.  The advertisement contains a JavaScript code that creates a random number between one and 100 variables. When it creates a variable above 10, it alerts coinhive.min to mine 80% of the CPU power. This occurs 90% of the time. For the other 10%, a private web miner launches. The two miners were configured with throttle 0.2, indicating they use 80% of the CPU resources to mine.  After de-obfuscating a private web miner known as mqoj_1, a JavaScript code based on Coinhive can still be identified. The modified miner then uses a different mining pool, wss[:]//ws[.]l33tsite[.]info[:]8443, which is used to avoid the Coinhive 30% commission fee.  Also read:  Starbucks ’ Wi-Fi found using people ’s laptops to mine Monero  Attacks Can Be Prevented  Coinhive miners can be prevented from using CPU resources by blocking JavaScript based applications from running on browsers, the blog noted. The impact of cryptocurrency malware and other threats exploiting system vulnerabilities can be mitigated by regularly updating and patching the software.  Trend Micro Smart Protection Suites and Worry-Free Business Security protect businesses and users from threats by blocking malicious files and related URLs.  Trend Micro Protection Suites provide capabilities such as behavior monitoring, web reputation services, high fidelity machine learning and application control to reduce the impact of such cryptocurrency miners and other threats.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Fighting for Bitcoin  – Is Cryptocurrency Trading a Threat to Government Policies? Twitter  The mere fact that Bitcoin is decentralized concerns governments at global scale because only a centralized system can be in full control. Mark Zuckerberg argued in a recent statement that the people once believed in the decentralized nature of technology. Over the years, they’ve lost faith because governments are now using it to manipulate the masses.   “Cryptocurrency takes power from centralized systems and puts it back into the hands of its rightful owners  – the people”,  said Zuckerberg  in a post on Facebook. Bitcoin is risky because it’s difficult to keep under control, although at the core of the crypto world lies a purpose: the ability of cryptocurrency to reconstruct financial systems leveraging transparency and eliminating the dire need to trust; and when there’s no reason to doubt there’s no chance for deceit or fraud.   High-level security, transparency and trust are three of the main benefits that Blockchain technology and Bitcoin can provide, and the democratization of money seems to be the greatest financial revolution of the century. Regardless, governments around the world are trying to make Bitcoin a pariah of society. Illegal trades, cybersecurity breaches, volatility, and ICO scams hav e persuaded countries like South Korea to regulate Bitcoin.   As cryptocurrency falls under government scrutiny in Asia, Europe seems to be on the verge of building a crypto-based empire. Countries like Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, Sweden, and UK see the good in cryptocurrency, the influence it holds, and, ultimately, the power it has to disrupt centralized governments and revolutionize financial systems.   Bitcoin  – a Great Friend but an Even Greater Foe  Big governments around the world are catching up with the cryptocurrency craze. Apparently, they’re on a hunt for blood. After announcing the ICOs are greatly influencing financial and economic order in China,  the government banned all forms of ICO funding . It happened in October 2017, with bitcoin losing nearly 10%, Litecoin 24.92% and Ethereum 21.74%. In Venezuela, the government has began  locking up Bitcoin miners , although because of the severe financial crisis, cryptocurrency might actually help overcome a complete financial blockage.  Previously the head of the state Nicholas Maduro has said Venezuela would issue 100 million tokens, each backed by the equivalent of one barrel of Venezuelan oil. This will make the entire value of tokens a little over $6 billion. The pre-sale is about to start on February 20th, but critics strongly doubt that such measure could pull the country out of the economic crisis. Besi des, some consider it illegal.   As far as South Korea is concerned, which is also one of the most popular Bitcoin markets in the world  – the ban on anonymous cryptocurrency trading has just been enforced.   The overall crypto market is challenged by Asian regulations, and as of  January 30  South Korea Financial Services Commission enabled a set of rules that allegedly are meant to reduce illegal cryptocurrency activities, such as “money laundering, crimes, and tax evasion.” The new terms and conditions imposed challenge the status quo of cryptocurrency, which is anonymity. All traders will have to link their crypto exchange accounts to their bank accounts using  their real names.   The South Korean situation with the crypto market is, at the very least, complicated. At first, the government’s intention was to ban crypto trading entirely. But the Korean people reacted and filed a petition to fight than. They called it a “happy dream”, and its intention was to  compel  officials to declare their crypto assets. After dealing with several pain points related to privacy failure, several  Korean crypto exchanges were penalized , influencing once more the price of Bitcoin.   Rather than befriend Bitcoin, big governments in Asia and the US claim their actions are meant to protect the people from market manipulation. However, they’re actually attempting to  kill a currency that poses a threat  to government monopolies on seigniorage income and printing money. Somewhere somehow, innovators who understand the crypto world were joined by enthusiasts and early adopters that see the potential of an “exotic” currency  – a better, more transparent hedge that’s better than gold, can be used for cross-border payments, and has a limited supply of 21 million.   Things could take a turn to the better in Europe, where a member of Germany’s Bundesbank, Joachim Wuermeling,  highlighted that  an attempt to regulate Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies would demand international cooperation, as  “the regulatory power of nation states is obviously limited.”  On December 22,  Belarus legalized cryptocurrency transactions , marking the beginning of a journey to attract foreign investment and foster growth in the private investing sector by freeing the people from Soviet-style stigma.  In Russia , The Ministry of Finance recently presented a Digital Assets Regulation Bill meant to legalize and regulate cryptocurrency trading, mining, and ICOs. Given that the Central Bank of Russia is a centralized entity, the officials disagree on several grounds, emphasizing the cryptocurrency trading rule should apply to tokens with real potential to attract viable financial investme nts.  The creators of the bill argue that legalizing cryptocurrency would reduce financial fraud and provide better fiscal transparency. But approving the bill doesn’t mean cryptocurrency will become a legal payment instrument in Russia, as trading would only be allowed through compliant exchanges.   They Can Crush It, but They Can’t Kill It  Even after China’s ban on ICOs in Oct. 2017, Bitcoin didn’t give up. It came up stronger than ever increasing in value from $4,000+ in October to  nearly $20,000 in Dec. 2017 . Because centralized governments will always hold monopoly on the value of money, Bitcoin enthusiasts will never get to see cryptocurrency replace national currencies. Regardless, just because South Korea, China, the US and other countries can crush Bitcoin by issuing new regulations and influencing cryptocurrency prices, it doesn’t mean they can kill it.   On the bright side, blockchain technology is way too powerful to be put down by big governments, and Bitcoin will always remain a collectible digital currency for savvy enthusiasts that understand how technology works, and the potential it has. This 2018, we’re looking at more and more  companies eager to accept cryptocurrency  as an official payment mode, including Microsoft, PwC, and online retailer Overstock.   Late last year, CME (Chicago Mercantile Exchange) and CBOE (Chicago Board Options Exchange)  launched Bitcoin futures , proving market confidence in Bitcoin, and strengthening the fact that cryptocurrency is here to stay. Cantor Fitzgerald and NASDAQ are also making plans to develop their Bitcoin derivatives contracts. Furthermore,  Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE)  recently looked into the possibility of creating a data center in partnership with Blockstream Inc. The goal is to provide hedge fund investors with a crypto-based price data feed that will provide real-time information from 15+ exchanges.   Last but not least,  Goldman Sachs  has plans to designate a Bitcoin trading desk, highlighting that more and more institutions are open to accepting and adapting in an already decentralized financial ecosystem.   Author : Vladimir Smerkis is the c o-founder and managing partner of  Tokenbox , a unique ecosystem that combines cryptocurrency funds under the control of professional portfolio managers and traders on the one hand, and investors on the other.  
INCREASE	   Enron 2.0: How Cryptocurrency Could Lead to Another Meltdown Twitter  Cryptocurrencies have changed the way we view economics. Cryptocurrency entrepreneurs have found ways to tokenize everything from  time  to  real estate . What struck my attention most, though is the tokenization of power. Commoditizing power is nothing new. The idea has been around as long as electricity itself and the liquidity of this market led to great infrastructure development in the United States and abroad.  What scares me about the tokenization of power is something that happened just about 17 years ago: long enough to be out of memory many of today ’s prominent crypto investors and consequently a large portion of the total crypto holdings today. I ’m referring to Enron, a commodities company which, at the time of its demise, was the largest corporate bankruptcy in history. The scandal led to at least one  suicide , a  congressional hearing , several executives being arrested and hundreds of billion dollars in lost market value.  Right off the bat, bulls will accuse me of making unfair comparisons, citing Enron ’s  fraudulent accounting practices ,  rampant insider trading ,  misrepresentation financial information to investors , and dozens of dissimilarities like Enron ’s centralized corruption that blockchain is supposed to prevent. They would be right: but they ’d also be missing my point. Regardless of Enron ’s behavior, the company was still losing money.  Why  they were losing money is the important thing to note here, not what was done to cover this up.  An Enron Refresh  Former Enron CEO Jeff Skilling in front of Enron Towers with the second tower under construction on the right.  Considering the fact that many of our readers were in diapers when the Enron scandal broke, a quick recap is in order. Enron was the product of a merger between two energy conglomerates in the 1980 ’s which led to a massive reorganization of the newly formed company and the rise of  Ken Lay  who would remain chairman and CEO for the remainder of Enron ’s existence (with the notable gap of a few months during the beginning of the end). At first, Enron was primarily a  gas pipeline company . This was a low market cap, somewhat boring business until  Jeff Skilling , a consultant at the time, suggested the facilitation of natural gas sales between consumers turning natural gas into a commodity. Enrons job, at first, was to facilitate the transfer of this gas between traders. This proved to be lucrative, but nowhere close to the ambitions of Skilling and Lay who were just getting started.  During the bull market of the 1990 ’s, Enron transitioned from merely from the production and transport of natural gas into a fully formed financial institution. Enron brought in Andrew Fastow, an early proponent of  asset-backed securities  which readers may recall were a factor in leading to the 2008 financial crisis. Fastow ’s expertise in complex financial instruments is what allowed Enron to lose billions of dollars without being caught. For his role in the scandal, he would serve 6 years in prison.  California flag used as part of anti-Enron protests following the California Energy Crisis.  In 1994, Enron began to take advantage of increasing  deregulation  of the energy markets and moved into the retail energy market. This division became one of Enron ’s most profitable and with its armies of traders, Enron was eventually able to  quadruple revenue  from $12 billion in Q1 of 2000 to over $48 billion the same time next year. This blatant manipulation of the market caused over 30 blackouts in California. This led to protests, elaborate lobbying efforts involving George W. Bush, and Arnold Schwarzenegger which is far outside of the scope of this article, but noteworthy to give a sense of scale.  Within a few years of it ’s expansion to the energy market Enron was eager to trade anything and everything. It set up an online trading platform, EnronOnline. Here, anything and everything went. Billions of dollars of trading volume were processed every day on things like broadband, freight, water, multimedia, and even weather derivatives were traded.  The rise and fall of Enron.  Over the following years, the company fell apart. The unveiling of a cover-up of billions of dollars in losses by Enron executives and it ’s accounting firm resulted in the stock price crashing from $90.56 to less than $1 in the course of about a year and a half. Ken Lay died before being convicted and Skilling was given the longest sentence in the history of white-collar crime, a record that would hold until  Bernie Madoff ‘s conviction just a few years ago.  Yet, even after the bottom fell out and the stock was trading at $0.45 the underlying business model was being  hailed as a  “New Economy ”.  The concept of Enron, now being revived in the offices of Crypto Companies around the world, was still alive.     The Crypto Connection  Enron ’s first lesson to the cryptomarkets is the behavior of the trader ’s effects on the underlying assets. Cryptocurrency traders are notoriously bullish. Members of communities (or cults, depending who you ask) around a specific coin will chant  “HODL ” and encourage each other with the pictures of Lamborghinis they ’re all going ot buy. This works fine in a telegram group with thousands of other retail investors, but the real market with real people cannot handle rampant price fluctuations and estimating their electric bill on the whims of free-market sentiment. This is a continuing challenge facing coins like  SolarCoin ,  WePower , and blockchain plays like peer-to-peer retail energy provider   Drift . Most similar in it ’s challenges to Enron is  PowerLedger .  PowerLedger is an especially interesting case. It has taken the crypto world by storm quickly climbing into the top 100 and reaching a peak market capitalization of half a billion dollars. Powerledger also boasts an energy trading platform. Like most of these markets, PowerLedger runs on a token,  POWR , which is tradeable for electricity. In a similiar manner to every other energy token and the free traded energy services offered by Enron, POWR is subject to rampant price fluctuations. With daily price changes in the double digits a normal occurrence, one wonders how this product will fair in a consumer market. This, combined with consumer pressures (recall the protests in California) could lead to strict regulation leaving coins that commoditize electricity in a precarious position.  Key Takeaways  Outside of the issues facing retail tokenization are those facing mass tokenization in general. As I mentioned at the beginning of this article tokenization is leading to the ability to trade everything from  time  to  eSports . This, combined with a mostly retail investment base  extremely  prone to both FUD and FOMO will lead to the insanity that caused the fall of Enron Online. As a former Enron consultant,  Robert McDonald , says what Enron lacked (and what I think the tokens today lack) is   “advanced financial tools to price..derivatives ”. As a result of the decentralized nature of crypto coins, this is not possible in cryptomarkets.  If you do decide to enter this volatile market despite the historical risks of retail facing commodities, there are a couple of things you can do to avoid the fate of Enron. Beyond the obvious Buffet-esque investment advice of  not investing more than you can lose , there are some things you can do specifically to these kinds of investments: inspired by the mistakes of Enron.  Dale Kutnick, an advocate of these types of commodities, writing about Enron in 2002, said:  “Enron could have done extremely well with betting on market inefficiencies and hedging bets ”. In other words, when looking at a token of energy, compare it to the  real world  value of energy for that unit. Look at historic energy prices, and decide that way. If you do decide to trade energy, and other risky  commodities  tokens  hedge.  Be careful and don ’t repeat the mistakes of the past. Studying Enron might be the best investment guide you can get as we head into unknown territories.  Disclaimer: The views expressed in the article are solely that of the author and do not represent those of, nor should they be attributed to CCN.  
INCREASE	   Music Meets Crytpo: Introducing the Virtual Currency Girls, Japan ’s Latest J-Pop Sensation Twitter  A new music group has captivated the Japanese Pop scene, and they’re capitalizing on cryptocurrency’s rising popularity in Japan to step out into the spotlight.  Say hello to the Virtual Currency Girls, the eight-woman pop group derived from the  One Hundred Constellations  underground music collective.  Sporting eclectic outfits of maid uniforms and luchador masks, they prance around the stage belting verses about Bitcoin and friends to raise cryptocurrency awareness.    Each girl represents a different cryptocurrency, with each coin’s respective logo displayed prominently on the girls’ masks.  These coins include popular choices you might expect, such as Ethereum, Bitcoin, Cardano, Ripple, NEM, NEO, and Bitcoin Cash, along with the lesser known MonaCoin, a Litecoin fork that’s quite popular in Japan.   Oh Japan. Why you so awesome? 😂  The group’s name is  #KasotsukaShojo , which translates as Virtual Currency Girls. Each one of the eight members represents a different  #cryptocurrency , including  #Bitcoin ,  #Ethereum ,  #Ripple , and  #Cardano .  pic.twitter.com/dFl3je4P87  — Beebom (@beebomco)  January 13, 2018   Their first song,  “The Moon, Virtual Currency, and Me,”  was released January 7th on the One Hundred Constellation’s  Youtube channel .  The girls made their concert debut on January 12th, singing to live audiences about the dangers of fraudulent ICOs, the importance of account security, and other informative tid-bits about the cryptocurrency space.  According to the group’s website , they’re not out to encourage cryptocurrency investing, but rather, to give exposure to what they believe is a budding technological revolution:  “It seems that greed precedes and ignores the technology and potential of [cryptocurrencies],” the website states.    “That is why we intend to promote entertainment that virtual currency is not a tool of speculation but a technology that creates a wonderful future.”  Emphasizing this point further, they claim that they do not “encourage speculation or investment.”  Instead, they are “a unit that carefully selects future currencies from a number of virtual currencies and spreads correct knowledge in entertainment.”  “Although we are still immature,” they conclude,  “we will do our best to study every day and serve you a lot, thank you!”  And they are certainly a young bunch.  As detailed on their website, the Virtual Currency Girls’ oldest member is only 22, while their youngest is just 15.  Fittingly, the pop collective sells tickets and merchandise exclusively for Bitcoin and Ethereum, and member salaries are paid for in these cryptocurrencies, as well.  The virtual Currency Girl’s January 12th debut garnered heaps of international and domestic media attention. The event invited coverage from “many domestic media, including WEB media, TBS and TV Asahi,” the group posts on their website, “as well as overseas major media such as Reuters, Financial Times and AFP communication.”  Featured image from YouTube/ TRT World .  
INCREASE	   Austrian Startup Completes First Lightning Transaction on a Bitcoin ATM Twitter  An Austria-based cryptocurrency startup has completed what it believes to be the first Bitcoin ATM transaction made using the Lightning Network (LN).  Austrian Startup Coinfinity Completes First Lightning Transaction on a Bitcoin ATM  Coinfinity, which operates out of Graz, already held the distinctions of deploying the first  Bitcoin ATM  and web-based cryptocurrency trading platform in Austria.  On Tuesday, the company marked another historic achievement, completing the first off-chain Bitcoin ATM transaction across the Lightning Network.   The transaction was completed in the Coinfinity office, and the company posted a German-language video demonstration of the purchase on YouTube.  Lightning Adoption Speeds Ahead Despite Lack of Production Release  Believed to be a potential long-term solution to Bitcoin’s network congestion, the second-layer Lightning Network will allow users to make transactions through off-chain payment channels. LN transactions settle nearly instantaneously and can be executed for extremely low fees, which proponents say will enable Bitcoin to once again become a viable payment system for small-value  transactions in addition to a secure, censorship-resistant store of value.  Though still in alpha-stage testing, the  main Lightning Network  already has 395 nodes and approximately 1,000 open payment channels. For reference,  Coin Dance data  indicates that Bitcoin Cash  — the fourth-largest cryptocurrency by market cap  — has 1,197 active nodes on its network.  LN Mainnet Nodes | Source: https://lnmainnet.gaben.win/  Last month, the Lightning Network had its first “ pizza transaction ,” when a brave user used an LN payment to buy a router from TorGuard. Previously, the company had begun  accepting LN payments for its VPN service , but this was the first recorded instance of an LN payment being used to purchase a physical item.  More recently, developer Jack Mallers released a beta version of Zap, a  cross-platform LN wallet  that lowers the amount of technical knowledge required to set up an LN node on either the testnet or mainnet.  However, while Lightning Network development and adoption continues to speed ahead, mainnet users must remember that the software  — which has not received a production release  — likely still contains bugs that could potentially cause them to lose their LN funds.     
INCREASE	   Opinion: All Crypto Must Go; Bitcoin on Sale! Twitter  https://i.redd.it/u9u1ji0kvdxy.jpg  In Januray, I spoke about bitcoin ’s first bottleneck,  the price  and the second bottleneck,  exchanges . I feel the series needs a brief interruption so that we can discuss, yet again, the price; before we move onto different subjects, more technology related.  Some are calling this correction a  complete bloodbath . I’ve read in many places how this has to be connected with  regulatory scrutiny  in eastern Asia: due to heavier restrictions being applied to crypto exchanges and mining companies, people are fleeing the markets.  How many times have you read news about China or South Korea or Russia (and so on),  imposing heavy restrictions on cryptocurrency?  How many times  has China banned cryptocurrency trading?  And how often have do you read about the  ‘ impending bitcoin bubble ‘.  I really don’t see that much of a connection between such news and what’s really happening in the market. We can conclude that, by looking into what’s been happening to volume over the last month or so.  https://www.gdax.com/trade/BTC-USD  I really don’t notice much of a difference between now and December 2017. Is this really  the  apocalypse , or rather the expected correction we’ve been all waiting for? Most of the selling orders seem to be coming from small investors: people who need to use the money to buy things and people who got scared.  Yes, there are a few spikes, which may be related to institutional investors. There seems to be a correlation between some of those spikes and  bitcoin futures settlement dates , that is.  Let ’s see the below example:  https://www.tradingview.com/script/pexmzQ8o-BTC-Futures-Settlement-Dates/  If you compare it to the above GDAX graph, look at what happens to bitcoin ’s price on settlement days like the 17th or the 23rd. If this isn ’t enough today, January 31st is another settlement date. And guess what ’s happening!  If you ask me personally, although I agree that news may have a huge influence on people’s decisions, usually deep corrections don’t happen due to a single cause.  I’ve read on reddit  (as many of you I’m sure), in 3 or 4 weeks’ time it’s the Chinese New Year, which could invite people to dump bitcoin for USD.  I’ve actually done the math myself using  coinmarketcap   prices. And you know what I found? Bitcoin lost between 19% up to almost 40%, from the end of December to the end of January.  Every. Single. Damn. Year.   Want to guess what factor(s) usually perceives this correction?  A: Bad news!  B: The Chinese New Year!  C: People getting scared!  D: Market manipulation!  E: All of the above!  Yes, the answer is E)! All of the above reasons seem to contribute to bitcoin’s price drop in January. And that does make sense, as we need to think about how bitcoin works, being the first distributed currency:  If bitcoin is money controlled by all who own it, then we can argue that “cultural” events (like holidays, for example) can have a far greater impact on the price of bitcoin, than what is expected for fiat-markets. Most mining corporations and exchanges are located in Asia, which increases the price fluctuations as when wealthy investors convert bitcoin into USD, the price of bitcoin drops (as expected). Bitcoin futures settlements affect the price even harder, due to the retraction of the Asian markets. This is, the weight of Wall Street and Institutional investors is even greater.  For the above reasons we can clearly see that there is an incentive for bitcoin price to drop. Plus, during celebrations like the Chinese New Year’s  the amount of money spent by consumers is insane . Should we rellay ignore this incentive for people to convert bitcoin into USD?  This is a problem that will be gone as soon as people start using bitcoin as money. The need to exchange it for fiat-currency disappears, as most accept bitcoin.  4. People tend to react negatively to bad news (especially about bitcoin). So when traditional market investors or media channels release news about the bitcoin’s “doomsday” and terrible effects of regulation, people get scared. And what do you do when you get scared? You sell like crazy (to avoid bigger losses).  But every storm has its purpose.  Do you know what I really like about this one in particular? The cleanse:   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bee Token ICO Derailed by Phishing Scam, Possible Theft of $1 Million in Ethereum Twitter  When the Bee Token ICO kicked off on Wednesday, thousands of investors rushed to fund “Beenest,” a commission-free home-sharing platform that aims to disrupt industry heavyweights Airbnb and VRBO.  Unfortunately, hundreds of them unwittingly fell prey to an email- and Telegram-based  phishing scam  targeted at prospective  Bee Token ICO  contributors.  Bee Token has spent the bulk of the past two days warning its ICO contributors about the scams, advising them to ignore direct communications that claim to be from the company and verify the token sale’s contract address on the official ICO website.   Please do not fund ETH to addresses that have the following warning:  "Warning! There are reports that this address was used in a (BeeToken) Phishing scam. "  pic.twitter.com/cKmpZPa5gT  — The Bee Token (@thebeetoken)  January 31, 2018   “The Bee Token has received reports of fake emails, Telegram accounts, etc. claiming to represent the Bee Token ICO Token Generation Event. Please note that we will NEVER EVER communicate an Ethereum address through an email or Direct Message to you via Telegram, ” the company said in a post on  Medium .  Despite this warning, the scammers have managed to divert nearly $1 million away from the official token sale and into their own pockets. The actual ICO, meanwhile, had raised about $2.8 million by the time of writing.  Three Ethereum addresses linked to the phishing scam contain a combined total of nearly $1 million, while the official Bee Token ICO has raised $2.8 million.  Social media users allege that there is a reason the phishing scam has been so successful.  Although the scammers may not have sent the emails from official Bee Token addresses, victims claim that the scammers had access to the company’s email list.  They base this accusation on a  lesser-known Gmail trick  that lets users insert a tag into their email addresses when they subscribe to mailing lists. When they start receiving emails for which they did not subscribe, they can use this tag to identify from whom a sender acquired the receiver ’s contact information.  Bee Token did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the alleged breach.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Square’s Cash App Makes It Easier Than Ever to Buy Bitcoin Twitter  Fintech startup Square rolled out full support for Bitcoin to the majority of US customers this week, making it easier than ever to buy bitcoin  — and, as seems to be the prevailing trend this year  — sell it.  Square CEO Jack Dorsey revealed the rollout on Twitter, adding that the digital payments firm believes cryptocurrency can provide  “greater financial access for all. ”   Instant buying (and selling, if you don’t want to hodl) of Bitcoin is now available to most Cash App customers. We support Bitcoin because we see it as a long-term path towards greater financial access for all. This is a small step.  We also made this!  https://t.co/z3u0liDNk4  — jack (@jack)  January 31, 2018   Square had initially limited this feature  — which  began as a pilot program in November   — to a small group of users, but it had gradually expanded it to more customers over the ensuing months. This comprehensive release comes, coincidentally, less than a week after stock brokerage app Robinhood announced that was launching a  cryptocurrency trading platform  in February.  US customers in 46 states can now use the Cash App  — which has more than 5 million downloads from the Google Play store and ranks third among finance apps in Apple ’s App Store  — to buy, hodl, and sell BTC. At present, residents of Georgia, New York, Hawaii, and Wyoming are excluded, likely because they have more restrictive regulations for cryptocurrency-related transactions.  Upon testing the app for the first time, one comes to the conclusion that it is quite possibly the easiest way to buy bitcoin.  After creating an account, you can instantly fund your wallet by connecting it to your debit card.  Once your wallet has been funded, you can enable Bitcoin functionality on your account page and will then be allowed to buy and sell Bitcoin on the platform.  The Cash App ’s minimalistic interface provides a near-seamless way to buy bitcoin.  The entire process takes seconds, and  — unlike Coinbase and other cryptocurrency brokerage firms  — Square does not charge any additional transaction fees or commissions for the service.  As easy as Square Cash makes it to buy bitcoin, however, there are a couple factors of which you should be aware before you use it. The weekly purchase limit is $10,000 (there is no limit on sales), but investors who are placing orders larger than this are likely doing so through services that offer more features anyway. As the service will likely attract many first-time Bitcoin buyers, funds remain in Square ’s custody, although you can withdraw them to a personal wallet after performing minimal know-your-customer (KYC) verification.  It is not immediately clear what measures Square has taken to secure customer funds, which you should keep in mind if you are considering holding a large balance through the app.  Finally, Bitcoin has not yet been integrated into the Cash App ’s core functionality, which is to seamlessly send payments to other users of the app, and Square has not stated whether it intends to add this feature at a later date.  Featured image from Square Cash.  
INCREASE	   Hong Kong Govt Offers Crash Course on Cryptocurrency, ICOs to the Public Twitter  Advertisements, infographics, articles and more  – all included in Hong Kong ’s latest effort to educate the public on initial coin offerings (ICOs) and cryptocurrencies.  According to a  recent press release , Hong Kong’s Financial Services and Treasury Bureau (FSTB), and Investor Education Center (IEC) have launched a public campaign to both educate and warn investors about the “risks” associated with both initial coin offerings and cryptocurrencies.  Included in the campaign are advertisements to be placed throughout Hong Kong’s public transit system, television and radio advertisements, and even government-sponsored educational videos to be posted on social media.  According to Under Secretary for the FSTB, Joseph Chan, the aim of the program is to provide a “correct and comprehensive understanding of ICOs and cryptocurrencies” so that the public has a better idea of what they’re investing in.  This wouldn’t be the first time that a country has pushed for a government-sponsored educational program on cryptocurrencies and ICOs. Just a few months ago, the Russian government announced a suggestion to  include cryptocurrency  in their financial literacy improvement strategy in order to educate the public on associated risks.  One of the main drivers behind the educational push is due to the dangerous volatility of the cryptocurrency markets that many traditional investors are not prepared for. As the media hype-cycle continues, more investors are becoming interested in joining these markets without doing their own due diligence beforehand.  “ICOs and  ‘cryptocurrencies ’ are high-risk products that are not suitable for everyone,” said Dr. Kelvin Wong, Chairman of the IEC. “Cryptocurrencies are highly speculative and are associated with various kinds of risks. Their prices may be susceptible to significant fluctuations due to speculative activities.”  Also included in the campaign will be articles and infographics on ICOs and cryptocurrencies provided by Hong Kong’s “ Chin Family ” website – the public financial education arm of the IEC. Information on the topic is  already live  on the website, and already covers a multiplicity of topics including  scams and wallet security .  Hong Kong has generally been a bit more open toward cryptocurrencies unlike the hostilities faced in mainland China. One of the larger cryptocurrency exchanges, Gatecoin,  operates in Hong Kong , and regulators have generally held  a cautious but open  approach. Their concern is mainly focused on protecting and informing investors rather than completely shutting the door on this emerging asset class.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Zcash Price Could Hit $60,000 by 2025, Predicts Grayscale Analyst Twitter  An analyst at the investment firm behind the Bitcoin Investment Trust (OTC: GBTC) predicted that the Zcash price could reach $60,000 by 2025 if investors begin to use it in place of traditional offshore banking services.  Last week, Grayscale Investments published the  investment thesis  for the Zcash Trust, the latest fund in its lineup of cryptocurrency-based investment products that includes the wildly-popular Bitcoin Investment Trust and the Ethereum Classic Trust.  In the 20-page thesis, Grayscale analyst Matthew Beck writes that that Grayscale believes Zcash could prove to be the “first globally accessible ‘offshore’ investment opportunity”  — the proverbial Swiss bank account in one’s pocket.  Beck notes that the offshore banking sector has declined in recent years due, in part, to “added pressure on tax evasion and increased competition.”  He writes that it is conceivable that Zcash, a privacy-centric cryptocurrency that has been  lauded by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden , has the potential to not only fill the void left by the declining offshore banking sector but also expand this opportunity to everyone  — not just wealthy elites.  According to his calculations, the Zcash price could rise significantly if the asset can capture even a small percentage of the wealth that is currently stored in offshore accounts.  Source: Grayscale  At one percent of the global offshore wealth, the Zcash price should reach $6,289, a more than 1,500 percent increase from its present level. If Zcash can manage to capture 10 percent of offshore wealth, it could surge as high as $62,893.  This, of course, would be no small feat, particularly given the reservations that many people have about Zcash ’s  “trusted setup. ” Developers have sought to mitigate this risk by holding increasingly-larges  “ ceremonies , ” but critics say allege that the risks associated with a trusted setup are untenable, no matter how small.  Moreover, Zcash faces stiff competition from Monero, whose market cap is currently three times the size of Zcash ’s and is already experiencing increasing adoption in darknet markets.  Finally, innovations such as  Bulletproofs  and the  Lightning Network  could enhance the privacy of Bitcoin transactions and ultimately reduce demand for privacy-centric altcoins.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Slump Merely  “Growing Pains ”: Cryptocurrency Brokerage Executive Twitter  It ’s been raining on bitcoin in 2018, but one London-based broker is taking the pullback in stride. BitcoinBro CEO Oliver von Landsberg-Sadie  told Bloomberg  that despite bitcoin shedding nearly 50% of its value in the past four weeks, he ’s not worried. Instead, he pointed to  “growing pains, ” saying that he remains  “very bullish over the long term, seeming to suggest that in the end, the cryptocurrency market will be better for it.  “It ’s a healthy correction. It ’s a sign that the market is growing up. It ’s recognizing that cryptocurrencies are not a tool for money laundering or illicit use, ” he said.   KYC / AML  Part of the reason for the pullback, the BitcoinBro chief said, has been the regulatory environment, pointing to South Korea, for example. South Korean regulators uncovered  $600 million in illicit trades  in cryptocurrencies, even as the country is crafting regulation for cryptocurrency exchanges. South Korea has been instrumental in the rise of bitcoin and other digital coins,  comprising about one-fifth  of cryptocurrency trading activity across 12-plus exchanges in the country.  But their steps toward a more regulated cryptocurrency industry, more specifically KYC and AML protocols, are moving bitcoin forward, von Landsberg-Sadie said, not backward, despite the toll it ’s taken on the bitcoin price.  While the bitcoin price is getting punished amid the regulatory clampdown, von Landsberg-Sadie pointed out that bitcoin itself is not a proper choice for money laundering activities, despite what critics think. If you recall, BlackRock ’s CEO Larry Fink  famously said  that bitcoin was a reflection of the  “demand for money laundering  … in the world. ”  Meanwhile, von Landsberg-Sadie said bitcoin is a  “terrible choice ” for hackers such as Wanna Cry ransomware attacks because the funds are traceable along the blockchain. More privacy-focused coins such as Monero or Zcash, for example, have the anonymity feature in money laundering, but not bitcoin.  One of BitcoinBro ’s own clients who had bitcoin stolen and said the funds were  “easy to trace ” back to the wallet.  “The on ramps and off ramps key points. How is a money launderer actually going to convert that money into something useful today. They ’re going to need an off ramp like an exchange. But now that regulation is stepping and those exchanges are locking down on knowing their customer and having the proper money laundering controls, it ’s a use case that will dwindle. ”  —  von Landsberg-Sadie     Biggest Buying Opp of the Year?  Meanwhile, Fundstrat Global Advisors co-founder Tom Lee  in recent weeks suggested  putting in a buy order for bitcoin at $9,000, as the low presented  “the biggest buying opportunity in 2018. ” He has a $25,000 price target on bitcoin in 2018 and has been known to revise those forecasts to the upside.  Something to keep in mind is that the bitcoin price is still trading higher by approximately 800% since January 2017  –   
INCREASE	   Malicious Cryptocurrency Mining: A $100 Million Hacker’s Dream Twitter  Talos, a leading cyber security intelligence firm, estimates that malicious breaches in cryptocurrency mining operations could be netting hackers  more than $100 million a year .  Why Hacking Miners Is The New Trend  Hackers aren’t just going after mining operations because cryptocurrency is worth a lot of money (we’ll do the math in a minute). They do it because it’s easy to get away with it.  Hackers decide what cryptocurrency they want to target and build things called botnets.  A botnet  is a series ofInternet-connectedd devices infected with malicious software that the owner of those devices is unaware of.  Today, botnets can be created using almost any device in the Internet of Things landscape. That means hackers can do a lot more than just spam you with emails or  flood a bitcoin exchange  with a DDoS attack.  The Math  They can steal mining profits. Just imagine that you’re browsing the web or checking email. A hacker can leverage the energy you are using to get nodes to mine more currency. One computer can generate about 28 cents worth of Monero per day. That means a botnet stacked with 2,000 devices can generate $568 worth of Monero per day. That’s over $200,000 per year.  Consider that a coin like Monero has risen in value are most 3000% in the last 12 months, and it’s easy to see how scaling netbots and rising values can lead a team of hackers to $100 million a year.  2,000 devices may sound like a lot. But a skilled hacker  like Alexey Khiprov . He’s developed many popular gaming apps for Google’s Android devices and his plan to monetize those games was to redirect the power of 100,000 devices playing them into a mining operation.  If he were able to pull it off, users would have had no idea.  So What’s Next?  The advancement of technology and the willingness of hackers is an ongoing game of cat and mouse. Rest assured as long as stealing computing power to mine cryptocurrency is profitable, it will keep happening.  It was just 20 years ago that a group of young hackers from Boston  informed the US Senate  they had figured out how to shut down the Internet.  Now here we are in 2018. Government regulators are trying to throw the hammer down on cryptocurrency. Enthusiasts are trying to keep their digital stores of value safe. And hackers are trying to steal that value.  There really is no telling what happens next. But as long as you don’t know about it and continue using devices hooked up to the Internet, hackers will have no problem borrowing your processing power to make a few dollars.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   India Signals Crackdown on Bitcoin, Cryptocurrency Usage Twitter  In presenting the country’s budget plan for 2018 today, Indian finance Minister doubled down on refusing to recognize cryptocurrencies like bitcoin as legal tender amid talk of a wider crackdown on their usage.  Speaking at the Indian Parliament while presenting the Union Budget 2018-19 today, India’s finance minister Arun Jaitley said:  The Government does not consider cryptocurrencies as legal tender or coin and will take all measures to eliminate the use of these cryptoassets in financing illegitimate activities or as part of the payments system.   https://coincrunch.in/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/Arun_jaitely_speech_budget_2018_bitcoin_cryptocurrency_legal_tender.mp4     The finance minister’s declaration comes a little over a month after the country’s Ministry of Finance  cautioned  the public against investments in cryptocurrencies, likening them to ponzi schemes.  Still, today’s remark is primarily a rehash of what  we already knew  of the government’s stance on cryptocurrencies. While the statement is likely to cause concern among adopters and investors of cryptocurrencies, Jaitley made no mention of an explicit ban on bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency.  Further, any clampdown on the usage of cryptocurrencies as payment instruments does not forbid adopters from trading them on cryptocurrency exchanges. Indeed, the finance minister made no suggestions toward any ban on cryptocurrency exchanges orcryptocurrencies outright.  While bitcoin-friendly restaurants and other local establishments accepting the cryptocurrency might be forced to stop, there is no indication of any curbs upon buying and selling of cryptocurrencies through exchanges.  Developing…CCN has reached out to domestic exchanges for comment. This article will be updated upon receiving a response.  Video credit: Coincrunch.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Kodak Postpones KodakCoin ICO, Future Is Blurred Twitter  The much-hyped $20 million KodakCoin ICO was supposed to debut on Jan. 31.  Instead, the iconic brand announced the night before launch they needed at least several more weeks to get to know their customers better, as they enter the  “accredited investor verification phase, ” leaving the 40,000-plus potential buyers who want dibs on Kodak ’s  “photo-centric cryptocurrency ” waiting. Skittish investors fled KODK, as the stock tumbled 13% after gaining 200%-plus when the KodakCoin ICO was announced.  The delay comes on the heels of a couple of critical reports, most notably from  The New York Times   questioning the vetting practices of the nostalgic brand. The  Times  suggests that Kodak ’s push into cryptocurrencies, for which it is betting its comeback, is one fraught with questionable decisions, most notably its business partners, including   “a paparazzi photo agency, a penny-stock promoter and a company offering what has been called a “magic money-making machine.' ”  Bull ’s Eye  Publicly traded Kodak, which only a few years ago filed for bankruptcy protection, must have known it would have a target on its back even though it registered its token as a security given the hard-line regulators have taken on cryptocurrencies and ICOs of late. SEC chairman Jay Clayton  in  a Jan. 22 speech called out public companies that  “shifted their business models to capitalize on the perceived promise of distributed ledger technology, ” and might as well just have mentioned Kodak by name.  Meanwhile, for all its controversy, KodakCoin is a much-anticipated project among photographers as it solves an industrywide problem for them. By using distributed ledger technology, photogs can register their prints and then proceed to license them out, paving the way for them to be paid for their work and catch anyone who violates the copyright.  Kodak chief Jeff Clarke told the Times it was this disconnect in the photography industry that led him to blockchain technology in the first place.  “This is not a dog food company that ’s creating a currency. This is a real solution around digital rights that Kodak has been involved in for many years, ” he told the  Times .  The KodakCoin ICO is targeting accredited investors across the United States, Canada and the UK, as per early reports.  Meanwhile, the lead advisor that Kodak engaged for the blockchain project is sure to raise some more red flags among regulators. Cameron Chell was banned from the Alberta Stock Exchange for half a decade in the late nineties and fined $25,000 for rules violations. Prior to that, one of Mr. Chell ’s companies closed its doors amid fraud allegations tied to its chairman.  Not the first impression Kodak wants to give to regulators, or investors for that matter.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   World’s Oldest Bitcoin Exchange BTCC Acquired by Hong Kong Investment Fund Twitter  Former ‘big three’ Chinese bitcoin exchange BTCC has been acquired by a Hong Kong-based blockchain investment fund.  In an  announcement  this week, BTCC confirmed its acquisition by a blockchain investment fund based out of Hong Kong. While details remain scarce and the terms of the deal are yet to be disclosed, the acquisition breathes new life into the former bitcoin giant, first known as BTC China, laying claim as the world’s oldest running bitcoin exchange.  BTCC explains the acquisition will help the company shift focus to the international market following China’s crippling curbs that has led to the widespread shuttering of domestic cryptocurrency exchanges.  BTCC co-founder Bobby Lee stated:  “[The] acquisition is an incredible milestone for BTCC that validates all of our hard work over the past few years. I’m very excited about the resources this gives BTCC to move faster and aggressively grow our businesses in 2018 and beyond. ”  With an optimistic take on BTCC’s new future, Lee further added that the new resources will spur BTCC “to lead every segment of the digital currency ecosystem, including the pool, payments and exchange businesses.”  BTCC pool, or BTCC’s mining pool, will remain as one of three core products in BTCC’s new business model, alongside its bitcoin wallet Mobi and a USD-based cryptocurrency exchange. BTCC is no longer operating  DAX , a crypto-to-crypto exchange that launched in June 2017.  “We now have the resources to more fully realize our vision of safeguarding and stabilizing digital currencies ’ blockchains,” added BTCC mining pool vice president Denver Zhao. At the time of publishing, data from  Blockchain.info  shows BTCC’s mining pool accounting for 2.8% of total bitcoin hash rate.  BTCC, along with the rest of China’s bitcoin startups, first saw scrutiny by authorities in January 2017 after central bank officials performed  on-site visits  at multiple domestic exchanges. This led to BTCC suspending user withdrawals of bitcoin in mid-February before eventually lifting the blockade in June. In mid-September, Chinese authorities  mandated a shutdown  of bitcoin exchanges, spurring BTCC to suspend trading immediately before ultimately  shutting shop  on September 30, 2017.  After its forceful removal from its home nation, BTCC has since relocated its headquarters from Shanghai to London.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Dives Below $9,700 as India Hints at Hard Line on Crypto Usage Twitter  The Bitcoin price dove below $9,700 on Thursday following reports that India may take a hard line against cryptocurrency usage to combat its use in  “illegitimate ” enterprises.  As CCN  reported , Arun Jaitley, India ’s finance minister, criticized cryptocurrencies during a speech before the country ’s parliament. Jaitley, who was ostensibly presenting the Union Budget, took time to state that the government does not consider cryptocurrencies to be legal tender and that regulators will take  “all measures ” to eliminate their use in criminal activities.  The finance minister did not list any concrete measures that the government intended to take to curb this alleged usage of cryptocurrencies in nefarious enterprises, and  — importantly  — he did not float a Bitcoin ban. However, because India accounts for approximately  10 percent of all Bitcoin transactions   — the statement appears to have placed more downward pressure on an already-heavy cryptoasset marketplace.  Source: CoinMarketCap  In the few hours following the finance minister ’s statement, the  cryptocurrency market cap  has declined from $515 billion to $489 billion, a reduction of approximately five percent.  Bitcoin Price Dips Below $9,700  January proved to be one of Bitcoin ’s worse months in recent memory, as a variety of factors converged to erase the tail end of the asset ’s remarkable 2017 rally.  Unfortunately, the flagship cryptocurrency does not appear to have shaken off those woes upon entering February, and growing regulatory concerns have reduced the  Bitcoin price  to a present value of $9,643. This translates into a $161.5 billion market cap and represents a single-day decline of six percent.  Bitcoin Price Chart  However, in the case of India, it appears that many media outlets are inaccurately reporting that regulators are seeking to enforce a Bitcoin ban, which is likely driving the Bitcoin price decline further than the finance minister ’s statement would have otherwise. It would not be surprising if the market sees a bounce as more accurate information circulates among traders and investors.  Ethereum Quietly Gains on Bitcoin  Ethereum, meanwhile, continued to quietly gain on Bitcoin in the competition for the largest circulating market cap. While all other top cryptocurrencies posted dismal performances, the  Ethereum price  managed to rise just above its previous day level. At present, the Ethereum price is $1,122 on Bitfinex, which translates into a $109.3 billion market cap and represents a 22 percent share of the total cryptoasset market.  Ethereum Price Chart  Altcoins Continue to Bleed  Although Ethereum managed to tread water, the market battered nearly every other major altcoin.   Ripple, which boasts the third-largest market cap, saw its price decline by seven percent to $1.04, while both Bitcoin Cash and Cardano endured eight percent hits.  EOS posted a top 10-worst nine percent decline, and Stellar, NEO and Litecoin all experienced seven percent pullbacks.  NEM, meanwhile, declined by four percent to $0.74 to round out the top 10.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   South Korea: $600 Million Uncovered in Illegal Cryptocurrency Forex Trading Twitter  The Korea Customs Service (KCS) has revealed an investigation into illicit Forex trading practices, and uncovered $600 million (637.5 billion won) worth cryptocurrencies that were exchanged illegally in South Korea.  The  statement  further disclosed four instances of illegal tradings. In the first case, money was transferred from Japan to an unknown country whereby  53.7 billion won  were sent to another person/entity  using cryptocurrencies . In the  second case , funds worth 472.3 billion Korean won were exchanged between Australia and South Korea. KCS explained that transferring funds between countries with the sole purpose of avoiding bank and remittance fees is considered illegal.  In the third case, foreign currency was sent to an overseas organization (as cryptocurrencies) which were then converted and remitted to the recipient. In the fourth case, funds worth  164.7 billion won  were received by a paper company, citing  ‘purchase of software ’ as a coverup. KCS mentioned that it will start investigating  cryptocurrency agents and forex operators for money laundering and illegal trading charges. Other areas that will undergo critical inspection include smuggling of drugs using virtual currencies. T he names of the suspects were not revealed in the press release.  The announcement came on the same day the finance minister, Kim Dong-yeon, said that cryptocurrency market and exchanges  will not be banned  in the country. Instead, South Korea will be focusing on regulating cryptocurrency exchanges. The country has been working on adopting cryptocurrencies, after the ministry of justice initially  banned ICOs  last year. The ministry also stated that it would be banning cryptocurrency trading earlier in January. However, this move was not supported by the  Ministry of Finance , as reported in their official statement,  “We do not share the same views as the Ministry of Justice on a potential cryptocurrency exchange ban. ”  While the majority of the ministries continue to support cryptocurrency activities, the South Korean government is doing its best to prevent illegal trading proceedings.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Most Cryptocurrencies Decline by Over 15% in Market Slump: Factors and Trends Twitter  The price of bitcoin has fallen below $9,400, by more than 8 percent, as the cryptocurrency market experienced yet another major correction.   Trend  Most cryptocurencies in the market fell by more than 15 percent, as major cryptocurrencies like Ripple, Cardano, Bitcoin Cash, and Stellar have fallen in the range of 12 percent to 16 percent. Analysts have demonstrated their concerns towards Ripple specifically, as it fell below the $1 mark for the second time in two weeks.  Similar to how the $10,000 mark is a psychological threshold for most bitcoin investors, the $1 mark represents a similar threshold for Ripple or XRP investors. While the price of Ripple has rebounded after dropping below $1, it is important to acknowledge that the price of XRP has fallen below $1 twice within the past 2 weeks.  Other cryptocurrencies have also struggled to show any signs of short-term recovery. Bitcoin Cash and Cardano have remained stagnant for weeks, maintaining their positions as the fourth and fifth most valuable cryptocurrencies in the market. While the two cryptocurrencies have fallen significantly in the past week, other cryptocurrencies have moved in a similar trend.  On a monthly basis, the entire cryptocurrency market has declined by $120 billion, from $590 to $470 billion. Usually, even after major corrections, the market tend to record gains in the mid-term, often on a monthly basis or a quarterly basis. The past month has been a slump for the cryptocurrency market and based on the daily trading volume, overall interest, and momentum indicators, it seems unlikely that the cryptocurrency market will increase by a large margin in the short-term.  In summation, while it is a viable time for newcomers to enter the cryptocurrency market, it is not particularly the best period to invest in the market. If the market shows some signs of recovery in the short-term, then it would be an option to invest but at this moment, it is most important to diversify assets and minimize risk.  What Triggered the Slump?  The cryptocurrency market was hit with a series of negative news and developments. Some regions are still recovering from trading ban FUD initiated by the South Korean government and most recently, the Indian government.  Also, the cryptocurrency market was mostly composed of speculators and casula investors eyeing short-term profits. As the price of most cryptocurrencies declined, speculators left the market. This could be evaluated as a positive long-term development as the market can shake off weak hands and strengthen. But, in the short-term, it could lead to major losses for existing investors.  Many investors have become concerned with taxation policies of certain regions and markets, the state of regulations in countries like India, and the long-term growth trend of the cryptocurrency market.   The cryptocurrency market is down by around 40 percent from its all-time high. Fundamentally, when any market falls by more than 40 percent, it presents strong buy opportunities for outsiders. The cryptocurrency market could recover as a new wave of buyers enter the space but until then, the market could struggle to recover.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   South Korea’s Second Largest Bank Supports Cryptocurrency Exchanges, Traders Relieved Twitter  Bithumb and Korbit, two of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges in the South Korean market, have announced that Kookmin Bank deposits and withdrawals will be disabled by the end of January.  Shinhan Bank Will Support Cryptocurrency Exchanges  Kookmin Bank, the biggest financial institution in South Korea, has decided not to support cryptocurrency exchanges and provide virtual bank accounts to cryptocurrency investors. On South Korean trading platforms, each investor is provided with a virtual bank account with which they can withdraw and deposit Korean won, without having to directly move funds from and to actual ba nk accounts.  Over the past few weeks, local investors were concerned with the abrupt decision of Kookmin Bank to close down virtual bank accounts launched on South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges. Many traders feared that other banks would follow the decision of Kookmin Bank and simply cut financial links to cryptocurrency exchanges.  Earlier this week, Korbit told its users and traders that by the end of January, the exchange will begin accepting deposits and withdrawals from Shinhan Bank accounts instead of Kookmin Bank accounts. The statement sent by Korbit to its users read:  “As previously announced, in order to comply with the identification and anti-money laundering regulations being enforced by the government, the current KRW deposit method will be terminated by the end of January 2018.  To use the new KRW deposit method, which is slated to be implemented within this month, you must have a Shinhan Bank account registered under your legal name. Please use this time to create a banking account at Shinhan Bank. We will follow up with further instructions on how to input the new KRW withdrawal account information on Korbit.”  With the recent announcement of Korbit, traders have become relieved and started not to fear about the possibility of a cryptocurrency trading ban. Previously, in an official document, the South Korean government stated that it had requested financial institutions and banks within the regulated finance industry to prevent providing banking services to cryptocurrency exchanges.   What Will Happen to South Korean Cryptocurrency Market?  This week, several local media outlets reported that a high ranking financial authority in South Korea claimed the government is planning to allow financial institutions to list bitcoin futures, as the US Commodities and Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) did in 2017.   The government official explained that the listing of bitcoin futures would stabilize the market and enable the bitcoin exchange market to mature, reducing premiums and excessive speculation by local investors.  In the upcoming months, the South Korean government will likely roll out practical regulations to protect both investors and businesses. In a statement released in December, a member of the cryptocurrency regulation task force noted that the government will follow the regulatory roadmap established by leading markets like Japan and the US.  Given the current state of the market and the government’s decision to not impose a trading ban in the short-term, the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market has been fairly optimistic over the past few days, as shown by the rising price and volumes of cryptocurrencies in both the South Korean and global market.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   A Case for Decentralized Cryptocurrency Exchanges Twitter  If 2017 taught the cryptosphere anything, it gave it a lesson in security.  The sheer number of hacks throughout the year –and the millions of dollars in coins stolen as a result –sent a clear message: cryptocurrency trading needs a makeover.  The foundation for this makeover?  Decentralized exchanges.  2017: A Year Plagued by Hackings   2017 will likely go down as the year that put crypto on the map.  With attention, however, comes vulnerability, and the same year that saw crypto prosper was the same year that drove it into the hands of malicious individuals.  More than a dozen  separate attacks occurred throughout the course of the year.  From exchanges to wallet services to ICO funds, hackers feasted on system vulnerabilities.  Factoring in current market prices, the total value of the year’s stolen funds is somewhere in the ballpark of $500mln.  This figure doesn’t even accommodate pre-2017 hackings, which includes  Bitfinex  and  Bitstamp , among others, and  the infamous Mt. Gox breach  that drove the market into hibernation.  Add these to the tally and over $12.5bln worth of cryptocurrency has been filched over the years.  In the thick of the trouble, wallets have had their fair share of run-ins.   Back in July , hackers compromised Parity, a popular Ethereum multisignature wallet, running off with 153,000 ETH (worth nearly $200mln at its current exchange rate).   In November , a Tether treasury wallet lost $31mln to an  attacker linked  to a 2015 Bitstamp exchange hack.  Overall, however, cryptocurrency exchanges bore the brunt of malicious actors in 2017, and South Korean exchanges in particular were on hackers’ hit lists.  Youbit, formerly known as Yapizon,  lost 3,816 Bitcoin  in April of 2017.  Valued $5mln at the time of the hack, the total cost of this attack now tops $50mln.  To make matters worse, Youbit was hit again in December, forcing it to file for bankruptcy after losing 17% of its funds.  further, in July, news broke that 30,000 user accounts on Bithumb, South Korea’s largest exchange, were exposed in a data breach that left billions of  won stolen.  In current market prices, customers suffered a collective loss of at least $10mln.  Decentralized Exchanges May Provide a Solution  All of these compromised exchanges –Bitstamp, Bitfinex, Youbit, Bithtumb –are centralized.  This is nothing out of the ordinary, as most all major exchanges are centralized.  There are obvious reasons for this, the most apparent being convenience, but these reasonings often overlook security concerns.  When an exchange is centralized, this centralization comes in two forms: asset control and system management.  With asset control, exchanges operate much like trusted institutions such as banks; when you use a centralized exchange, you agree to let the exchange hold your funds and private for you until you wish to withdraw your currency.  Exchanges will often hold customer fund s in a hot wallet reserve (online) and cold wallet reserve (offline).  The other form of centralization refers to how an exchange stores its data and the infrastructure it uses to support itself.  Larger exchanges have to outsource server space, often to cloud services, in order to accommodate website traffic, and this usually means that hosting servers are allocated in a single source.  Starting to get the picture?  If a hacker wants to hit a centralized exchange, they need only to go through a central entryway, usually a third-party hosting server.  Once in, the hacker then has access to a central source of funding, the exchange’s hot wallet reserve and private keys.  Of course, major exchanges have a number of security features in place to insulate themselves against malicious actors.  But as precedent has shown, these measures don’t always go far enough.    This is why we need decentralized exchanges.  They pick up the slack that centralized exchanges, because of their inherent design, can’t.  As such, decentralized exchanges (DEXs, for short) offer a number of enhanced security benefits.  No central point of entry or control  Unlike their centralized counterparts, DEXs are not controlled by a single entity.  The domain server that people access to use the exchange is centralized, of course, but no one entity controls the marketplace, nor is the exchange supported by a single server.    As they currently stand, most decentralized exchanges are built on the Ethereum blockchain and are supported by a network of nodes rather than a centralized server.  This means that an attacker would have to compromise half of the nodes that support an exchange to control it, a practically impossible feat.  User controlled funds   Since there is no one entity that owns a DEX, there is no central hub that controls user funds.  Decentralized exchanges are trustless, meaning users are always in control of their assets and all trades are peer-to-peer.    To accomplish this, DEXs manage currencies using Ethereum-powered smart contracts.  Once funds are locked into a smart contract, only someone with the corresponding private keys can touch the funds.  Under a centralized system, you relinquish your private keys, and they are all pooled into a single ledger that reflects the exchange’s hot wallet reserve.  If a hacker gets its ha nds on these keys, your funds can be swept away.  Under a decentralized system, you’re always in control of your own private keys, and so long as you don’t reveal them to a malicious third party, your assets are safe in a DEX’s smart contract.  Integration with Hardware Wallets  This is perhaps the biggest benefit a DEX has to offer.  Most decentralized exchanges, such as Ether Delta and IDEX, can sync up with the Ledger Nano S or Trezor hardware wallets.  Alongside cold storage, hardware wallets are the safest options for storing and managing personal funds, as they are impervious to the same malware that can compromise software wallets.  Using a hard ware wallet compliant DEX, you can plug in your Ledger or Trezor and send funds directly into the exchange’s smart contracts.  This is preferable to manually entering your private keys, as manual entry is vulnerable to phishing and keylogging attacks.  DEXs Still Have a Ways to Go  While they’re a better option than more popular centralized options, decentralized exchanges, as they currently operate, are far from perfect.  As EtherDelta taught us  last December, they’re still prone to phishing attacks through the exchange’s domain name server.  Still, as  I argue here,  the security features inherent to the exchange minimized the damage done.  Accounts that used Meta Mask or Ledger to manage funds were completely safe even if they used the fake site, and if you never revealed your private keys on the fraudulent domain, your coins were safe in their smart contracts.  By today’s rates, over $500,000 worth of funds were nabbed, and while this nu mber isn’t laughable, it’s much less than we’ve seen stolen through centralized exchanges.  To continue with DEX downsides, there’s a reason centralized exchanges are more popular: they’re easier to use.  Newcomers may get frustrated with the maze of smart contracts they must navigate to begin trading.  Sure, you don’t have to sign up or get verified to use a DEX, but you have to transfer funds back and forth from your personal wallet to an exchange wallet every time  you want to trade.  You’re also at the mercy of the Ethereum network everytime you want to move funds or make a trade.  If the network is congested, you may face, at best, higher transaction fees or, at worst, a buggy, unresponsive trading system.  There are a number of projects looking to ameliorate these issues.  0x, for example, is implementing an off-chain ordering system in conjunction with an on-chain trading system.  In theory, this will give the DEX the quick order matching system of a centralized exchange without sacrificing security. Blocknet is another DEX that hopes to bring cross change atomic swaps to stream line decentralized trading and make it even more secure.  I believe decentralized exchanging will be the future of cryptocurrency trading, as it is necessary for the ecosystem’s financial health and future survival.  Hopefully, 2018 will bring a slew of innovations for this unrefined system, and hopefully, these innovations will help to mend the losses suffered under the current centralized standard.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Futures: A Way to Control Cryptocurrency Markets? Twitter  Can Wall Street investors manipulate the cryptocurrency markets via Bitcoin futures? Based on the recent fall in the markets during the week of January 15th, it seems that “yes” is the answer to that question.  During the market slump last week, there was some banter on Reddit that the crash was going to end Wednesday, January 17 at 4:00 PM EST when the markets closed the first Bitcoin futures contracts on the CBOE expired at $10,900 per Bitcoin. There was even a  countdown  posted by one Reddit user. While the price of Bitcoin did not rocket back up in the immediate aftermath, altcoins started to rebound hours after the futures contracts expired.  Futures Strategy   Many institutional investors are wise to use the futures contracts to lower the Bitcoin price to buy in lower by setting the stop-loss triggers at support levels to push down the price further and further to make it look like a crash. This scares novice investors to support the bears and sell to avoid a total loss. By taking this strategy, the Wall Street investors are strategi cally pushing down the price for in order to re-enter at much lower levels and potentially set Bitcoin up for another rocket rise to unprecedented highs. Then, assumingly, collect profits and repeat the cycle, increasing profits each time Bitcoin rises and falls.  United: We All Fall and Rise Together  Interestingly, the cryptocurrency market seems to rise and fall simultaneously with the altcoins. Is a systemic issue that causes this harmonious rise and fall of prices on the exchanges? The answer is a little fuzzy, but there are several factors at play. Most exchanges use Bitcoin as the universal trading currency, which leads to many investors buying and selling Bitcoin to b uy and sell altcoins. When bitcoin starts a bull run, many of the altcoins fall, as investors jump on the Bitcoin train and vice versa. It’s also systemic because most exchanges require Bitcoin rather than fiat currency to transact. It is easy to invest fiat currency in the market and then leave there as an investor trades it; moving it from one currency to another and not cash ing it back to fiat currency. Furthermore, When the Bitcoin price falls or rises against the fiat currency, all the altcoins will usually follow. This is because all altcoin prices are based on their Bitcoin exchange rate, not their fiat currency exchange rate. The value of an altcoin in fiat currency is the value of the altcoin in Bitcoin and then Bitcoin’s value in that fiat  currency. It is Bitcoin that strongly affects pricing.  With much of the market tied into Bitcoin, it makes it easy for the Bitcoin Futures contracts to manipulate the entire cryptocurrency market because it is not just the value of the altcoins is the value of the altcoins in relation to the value of bitcoin.  The next litmus test is coming this Friday, January 26 th  when the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) futures contracts on Bitcoin are set to expire. Given that the cryptocurrency market is recovering, it is likely that the contracts could continue the bull run or not.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   New Crypto-Investor Psychology – Where Did These High Caps on High-Supply Coins Come From? Twitter  It was around noon – I was in my favorite bagel store getting my coffee when I overheard someone talking about cryptocurrency. I was quite excited, considering that I finally seem less of a cultist when I mention Bitcoin due to the media frenzy responsible for pulling in new investors. However, my excitement turned into a nervous sweat when the man said “hey, did you hear about  this Ripple thing? People are saying it could be the next Bitcoin!”  The market had been a bit unnerving, to say the least – many legacy coins with massive supplies were exploding, and it had the tendency to be a bit confusing. The total market capitalization of cryptocurrency ran a couple hundred billion in just a few weeks, with unknown coins reaching new heights among well-established projects. Something was definitely wrong.  The Top is In.   On January 5 th , CNBC contributor Brian Kelly participated  in a segment  on  Fast Money  showing consumers how to buy Ripple’s XRP from popular cryptocurrency exchange Poloniex.  U.S. based investors unfamiliar with cryptocurrency outside of the Coinbase quartet were probably shocked at the prospect of a cryptocurrency trading under $100 – let alone $10.  New retail investors saw the price of XRP as an opportunity to capitalize on discovering “the next Bitcoin,” as many like to call their favorite cryptocurrency. However, for XRP to come even close to Bitcoin’s price would require a market capitalization of over one quadrillion dollars.  The price of XRP at the time of the show was $2.57, and although it was being traded at a premium in Korea – it seems as if  Fast Money  pushed it during its swan song. As retail investors continued pouring money in, Ripple began its slow descent to under $2, until the recent slump drove it under $1.  Ripple wasn’t the only “cheap coin” that followed these recent parabolic uptrends into a spiral – others including parody and rubbish such as ReddCoin, Verge, and even Dentacoin did as well.  The psychology behind the drive was most likely the following: why buy a fraction of a Bitcoin (whether or not the investor knows that’s possible), when you can own a “cheaper” coin in abundance? To someone new to cryptocurrency, what sounds more appealing: 0.54132 Bitcoin, or over 5,000 XRP?  High Supply – Misinformed and Negligence   To those who believe that XRP has a similar chance at breaching the $10,000 mark, as Bitcoin has – I’m sorry to burst your bubble. Even at $10 which many see XRP hitting, its market capitalization would be somewhere around $1 trillion assuming the entire supply is accounted for. That’s a drop under double the market capitalization of the entire cryptocurrency market.  It could be a probable scenario if the market capitalization of cryptocurrency were to hit the multi-trillions sector, but for now, it seems to be a bit of a pipe-dream to assume that an asset will float that high in the near future.  This isn’t a bash to Ripple’s technology, but rather an observation on potential price-points of a certain asset. The same rules apply to most cryptocurrencies that have high supply numbers, whether or not they have solid technology behind them.  Take for example Sia – a decentralized cloud storage solution. During the low price-point madness, the price of Sia shot from under $0.03 to over $0.10 in a matter of a few days. It has been around long enough but already had a $1 billion market capitalization. It was simply another case of “cheap-coin” while neglecting supply metrics. Again, this isn’t a knock on Sia’s technol ogy – it’s quite great. However, the price wasn’t justified, and the market movement was simply caused by new investors. Kin can be included in this mix as well.  The darker side of this were the coins that were not up-to-par and pumped for the same reason. Take Dentacoin for example – is the global dentistry industry really going to adopt an Ethereum token? Raise some money, buy some clinics, claim for them to be independent partners, and wrap things up nice and tightly. Fine, have your ICO, and your own cryptocurrency, but nearly a $2  billion market capitalization on January 8 th  with little to show for it? Something is wrong here.  Let’s take a look at the supply and price-point metrics: an eight trillion Dentacoin max supply total, a circulating supply of over 325 billion, and a price well under a penny. It’s a recipe for attracting new money.  However, part of the rise of some of these gray-coins as I call them, came from well-known cybersecurity expert John McAfee, as he initiated a wave of buying through his “coin of the day” scheme.  McAfee, Master Manipulator   Back on December 13 th , McAfee  tweeted his love for privacy coins , as well as a follow-up the next day regarding a “privacy coin” formerly known as DogeCoin Dark, now known as Verge (XVG).  In his tweet , McAfee mentioned that it’s “easier” for a coin to go from $0.03 to $3.00 than it is for one to go from $300 to $30,000.  After his tweet, Verge spiked, going from a low of $0.013 to an all-time high of $0.30 just a week later – a gain of over %2,300. A coin with little to no function saw a market capitalization of over $4.4 billion, simply because of its pricing and a small bump from a popular figure.  McAfee then decided to capitalize on his newly discovered powers by entertaining his followers with a “coin of the day” series, in which he announced mostly high-supply coins that his new-investor following would eat up because of their price points.  Electroneum, an infantile fork of the Monero codebase that held an ICO and really hasn’t accomplished much was the first of his picks on  December 21st . Just a short bit later, and Electroneum managed to spike nearly 60% before leveling out to a drop higher than the day’s low. To hark back to the “cheap” idea, Electroneum was trading below $0.10 but has a multi-billion circulating supply of nearly 6 billion.  McAfee continued this trend with his next few choices, including Burst (1.8b circulating), Digibyte (9.7b circulating), ReddCoin (28.7b circulating), and even DogeCoin (112.8b circulating) which became his “coin of the week” on January 8 th . Some picked up on the trend and began using McAfee’s tweets to “ pump and dump ” the coins of his choosing.  Even the creator of DogeCoin, Jackson Palmer,  tweeted out his confusion , as ridiculous assets with minimal underlying technology began assuming high market capitalizations. However, it’s easy to manipulate new investors who believe in the potential of an asset to explode due to a low price and a neglect for circulating supplies.  Exchanges Temporarily Halt Registration  New investors have figured out how to purchase altcoins, and they now understand where to do if the activity McAfee facilitated was indicative of anything. Exchanges were definitely not equipped to handle the sudden increase in traffic, as many of them displayed through halting new user registrations.  Bitfinex was the  first to close their doors  in December due to the number of new users coming in until they reopened just a few days ago with new requirements. On December 14 th , Bittrex announced a  turn-off  of user registrations due to a “large spike” in signups. Binance  temporarily disabled  new registrations on January 5 th , and mentioned an “overwhelming surge in popularity.”  Even Cryptopia had to  shut their doors  a day later on January 6 th  to handle registrations, before reopening a few days later.  An exchange account  black-market quickly opened up , as investors that lacked accounts on certain exchanges began buying them off other users for a premium. Prices ranged anywhere from a few hundred, to even a few thousand dollars for verified accounts. Binance noticed this trend, and quickly put out  a notice  warning any individuals wishing to buy accounts about the associated security risks.  These temporary shutdowns were only indicative of the number of new buyers in the space, looking to capitalize on the frenzy-period. Little did they know that a large wash-out was coming just a few days later.  The Tuesday Night Massacre   Over the past week, the entire cryptocurrency market has taken quite the beating. Some are attributing the decline to news out of Asia, in which a media frenzy that came out of  South Korea after some exchange drama  hit. Others, see the decline  as a conspiracy  surrounding the close of the first round of the futures market, bundled with plenty of price manipulation from Wall Street.  After a 50%  decline in the total cryptocurrency market capitalization , signs of life are finally starting to reappear.  Regardless of the cause of the drop, new investors were most likely shaken out as they weren’t prepared for the true volatility of the cryptocurrency market. Hopefully, this stomps out any form of Phoenix that some expected these high-supply, underwhelming technology coins to pull, and they meet their timely demise (except DogeCoin – that can stay). It’s time for a radical adju stment.  Disclaimer: The author of this piece does not own any of the mentioned cryptocurrencies  
INCREASE	   India ’s Biggest Bitcoin Exchanges See Bank Accounts Frozen: Report Twitter  According to a report by the Indian news publication,  The Economic Times (ET), bitcoin exchanges in India may be facing some disruption from the country’s top financial institutions. Over the past month since December 2017, several national banks, including State Bank of India, HDFC Bank, Axis Bank, Yes Bank and ICICI Bank, have frozen accounts belonging to select digital currency exchanges.  The suspension of bank accounts appears to be primarily motivated by the banking industry’s lack of faith in such businesses, especially since most exchanges have been largely operating on borrowed funds. Furthermore, of the Indian banks that haven’t imposed a complete suspension on the bank accounts, most have limited the amount of money that can be withdrawn within a single d ay.  Although Economic Times’ list of affected businesses only includes Zebpay, Unocoin, CoinSecure and BtcxIndia, other exchanges have also been publicly experiencing some problems.  A banking representative told ET that  “(The) Reserve Bank of India has not issued any directive to us  – it ’s a cautionary move on our part.” Financial institutions are also demanding cryptocurrency exchanges for collateral on their borrowings while keeping accounts hostage. A source familiar with the matter said,  “Since last month, banks have been asking for additional collateral with 1:1 ratio. ”  Most Indian exchanges that borrowed capital from financial institutions did so in the hopes of raising an equivalent amount in private equity investment, something that has not come into fruition yet. It is likely that venture capitalists are waiting for the government to clarify the  taxation and regulatory aspects  of cryptocurrencies in the country.  An estimated eight bank accounts have been frozen so far, with more to possibly follow, according to sources quoted by The Economic Times. Banks have also reported exchanges using their bank accounts for reasons other than what was stated at the time of creating them. Financial institutions in India are mandated to disclose such suspicious transactions to the  Financial Intelligence Unit.  It is not only the banking sector in India that has been scrutinizing the exchanges, however. The country’s direct and indirect tax departments have also begun showing a keen interest in the matter. In December 2017, the Indian Income Tax department  conducted audits  at a number of cryptocurrency exchanges throughout the country. A few days later, it announced that it had sent  notices to high net-worth individuals  that previously transacted large amounts of cryptocurrency. According to the same department, the cumulative revenue of the top 10 Indian exchanges is in the ballpark of $6 billion.  Zebpay and Koinex, responsible for most of India’s digital currency trading volume and the most popular options among new investors, have both released several statements following the suspension of some of their bank accounts in the past few weeks. While Zebpay did not stop processing withdrawals in this time frame, it did have some hiccups with deposits as evidenced by a  support webpage . Koinex suspended all fiat transactions, including deposits, for around a week, before  re-enabling the option  on January 8, 2018.  Due to this increased scrutiny by lawmakers and financial bodies, the past month has been particularly troublesome for Indian exchanges. The situation is likely to worsen as the cryptocurrency market continues to intrigue the country’s population and gain traction among first-time investors.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrecy Market Suffers Minor Correction, Ripple and Cardano Down 10% Twitter  Earlier today, on January 21, the cryptocurrency market has experienced a minor correction as nearly all of the cryptocurrencies including Ripple and Cardano in the market declined in value.  Minor Correction  While major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin and Ethereum dropped by a relatively small margin, Ripple and Cardano dropped by around 10 percent. Since a major correction occured last week, the market cap of Ripple has struggled to recover beyond $80 billion.  At its peak, Ripple’s market valuation neared $150 billion, easily surpassing Ethereum to become the second largest cryptocurrency behind bitcoin. However, since the correction, Ripple has endured a week-long slump.   Cardano, which peaked at $32 billion on January 3, has failed to rebound over $20 billion over the past week, struggling to achieve half of the market valuation of Bitcoin Cash.   Several analysts have attributed the recent minor correction of the cryptocurrency market to the South Korean cryptocurrency market, and the decision of major cryptocurrency exchanges to prohibit foreigners from trading cryptocurrencies.  This week, as  CCN previously reported , South Korea’s third largest cryptocurrency exchange Korbit told its users that foreigners will no longer be able to deposit or withdraw Korean won on local cryptocurrency exchanges once a new anti-money laundering (AML) system is integrated by the end of January. The Korbit team wrote:  “Please note, however, that non-Korean nationals, both resident and non-resident, will not be allowed to deposit KRW at any domestic cryptocurrency exchanges when the new KRW deposit method is implemented. We will explain further via a separate message. In order to comply with the identification and anti-money laundering regulations being enforced by the government, the current KRW deposit method will be terminated by the end of January 2018.”  It is difficult to measure the impact of the foreigner cryptocurrency trading ban initiated by the South Korean government on the global cryptocurrency market given that the majority of cryptocurrency investors and traders in the South Korean market are the country’s citizens.   Thus, it is far-fetched to claim that the prohibition of foreigners from trading cryptocurrencies in the local market caused the global cryptocurrency market to experience a minor correction. More to that, the government has stated since December 14 of last year that foreigners will not be able to trade cryptocurrencies in the local market.  What Happens to the Market?  Currently, the South Korean cryptocurrency market has disabled local investors from opening new accounts. Only investors that have opened accounts prior to January 2018 are able to trade. By the end of January, cryptocurrency exchanges in South Korea will begin accepting new users and opening accounts for investors.   It is likely that by the end of this month, within the next two weeks, a wave of investors from the traditional finance market will invest in the local cryptocurrency exchange market, causing volumes to spike and the value of cryptocurrencies to increase.  In the short-term, within the next few days, the cryptocurrency market could continue to slump considering that historically, cryptocurrencies have tended to perform poorly in the beginning of the year, due to the Chinese new year.   During the Chinese new year celebrated by China and South Korea, the majority of people in the two countries send money overseas or domestically, withdrawing money from their bank accounts and cryptocurrency holdings.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘Monsieur Bitcoin’ to Head France’s Cryptocurrency Regulation Task Force Twitter  France’s economy minister has established a task force to examine the risks that bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies present to the economy and propose regulatory guidelines that will mitigate these threats.  On Monday, economy minister Bruno Le Maire announced that his department had created a cryptocurrency task force that will be chaired by a former central banker.  “We want a stable economy: we reject the risks of speculation and the possible financial diversions linked to bitcoin, ” Le Maire said, according to a rough translation. “I have just entrusted Jean-Pierre Landau, former deputy governor of the Banque de France, with a mission on cryptocurrencies. ”  Laundau, dubbed “Monsieur Bitcoin” by French media outlet  Les Echos , served as second deputy governor of the Banque de France from 2006 to 2011.  Despite this nickname, Laundau has been a fierce critic of cryptocurrency. In 2014, he penned a  Financial Times op-ed  in which he called bitcoin the “tulip of the 21st century” and said that no currency could succeed without active management from a central bank.  Accusing bitcoin creator Satoshi Nakamoto of making a “fatal mistake” in restricting the currency ’s supply, Landau said that bitcoin’s value was derived exclusively from its criminal use cases and investor speculation:  “The currency is at present attractive for two reasons. One is anonymity, which makes it suitable for tax evasion and money laundering. This will not last; authorities are already wising up. The other is pure speculation. Bitcoins are the tulips of modern times. The mania is not yet over. But the longer it lasts, the more investors are likely to be burnt,” he wrote.  According to Le Maire, Laundau’s task force will be responsible for “proposing guidelines on the evolution of regulations” with a specific focus on controlling the development of these nascent technologies and preventing “their use for purposes of tax evasion, money laundering, [and] financing criminal activities or terrorism.”  In addition to establishing a cryptocurrency task force, Le Maire has  called  for this year ’s G20 summit to debate the creation of an international framework for cryptocurrency regulations, a proposal that has been met with approval by both Germany and Italy.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Dallas Mavericks to Accept Bitcoin  ‘Next Season, ’ Says Owner Mark Cuban Twitter  Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban said that the NBA team will accept bitcoin beginning next year.  Dallas Mavericks to Accept Bitcoin  ‘Next Season ’  The billionaire entrepreneur and “Shark Tank” investor made the announcement on Twitter, responding to a question from a fan who asked when he would be able to use bitcoin to buy tickets to Mavericks home games.  Source: Twitter  “Next season,” Cuban replied, referring to the 2018-2019 season. The NBA is currently midway through its 82-game 2017-2018 season, which began in October and will end in April, although the playoffs will continue through June.  Cuban did not go into further details, so it is not clear whether bitcoin will be the only cryptocurrency the team accepts or if other coins will be accepted as well.  It also remains to be seen how pervasive the team’s adoption of bitcoin will be. Will fans be able to pay for snack and gift shop purchases with bitcoin at stadium kiosks, for instance, or will cryptocurrency payments be restricted to online sales?  Finally, one wonders whether the Mavericks will join Overstock and select other firms in holding a portion of the cryptocurrencies they receive or whether they will convert the entire balance into USD at the point of sale.  Former Skeptic Mark Cuban Embraces Cryptoassets  In any case, the move marks yet another indication that Cuban  — once a bitcoin skeptic  — has begun to embrace this still-nascent technology. Last year, Cuban made a  variety of investments  in the cryptoasset space, ranging from investments in initial coin offerings (ICOs) to digital currency hedge funds to exchange-traded notes that track the price of bitcoin.  Though he once called cryptocurrency a  bubble , Cuban said that he now recommends that “true adventurers”  allocate up to 10 percent of their investments  into bitcoin and ether while placing the rest in a conventional S &P 500 index fund.  Cuban has also said that he believes the recent launch of bitcoin futures is a positive development for the industry and could prove beneficial to the underlying spot markets.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Vitalik Buterin Leaves China-Based VC to Focus on Ethereum Development Twitter  Vitalik Buterin, the co-founder of Ethereum, has left China-based venture capital firm Fenbushi Capital according to TechCrunch, to focus on the development of Ethereum.  Focusing on Ethereum  Buterin announced that he has stepped down from his role as a general partner of Fenbushi Capital, which has been one of the most active investors in the blockchain and cryptocurrency sector. He noted that he will no longer serve as a full-time partner of the firm, but will remain as an advisor.  During  an interview with TechCrunch , Buterin emphasized that although the cryptocurrency market has demonstrated an exponential increase in users and valuation, the practical usability of blockchains have regressed to the rising transaction fees and scalability issues.   To address the growing demand for Ethereum and the high expectations from the global Ethereum community, Buterin explained that he will solely focus on the development of the Ethereum blockchain network and solving scalability issues to provide a better ecosystem for decentralized applications. He stated:  “I expect 2018, at least within the Ethereum space that I’m best able to speak about, will be the year of action. It will be the year where all of the ideas around scalability, Plasma, proof-of-stake, and privacy that we have painstakingly worked on and refined over the last four years are finally going to turn into real, live working code that you can play around in a highly mature form in some cases on testnets, and in some key cases even on the public mainnet.”  The statement of Buterin came after several experts in the cryptocurrency sector including Augur co-founder Joey Krug said that there is a clear lack of developers working on scaling solutions for the Ethereum network. The rise in the popularity of successful decentralized applications such as CryptoKitties, EtherDelta, and 0x have congested the Ethereum network, which is already processing more transactions than all of the blockchains in the global market combined.  Scalability Issues  According to Etherscan, the Ethereum network is processing around 1.2 million transactions on a daily basis, which is more than 4 times larger than the daily transaction volume of bitcoin.   But, as the developers of Bankex explained, who recently introduced a practical implementation of Vitalik Buterin and Joseph Poon’s Plasma, a scaling solution that uses interconnected blockchains to reduce the congestion of the main Ethereum blockchain network, apps like CryptoKitties are executing hundreds of thousands of transations on regular basis, filling the Ethereum network with large-size transactions.  Some decentralized applications like 0x have off-chain solutions to execute orders or transactions off-chain and broadcast them to the main Ethereum network after batching many transactions into one single transaction. Still, the vast majority of applications still do not have innovative solutions to reduce the congestion of the Ethereum network.  As such,  Krug emphasized  that developers working on Ethereum scaling solutions are crucial for the ecosystem, and there must be more developers contributing to the open-source codebase of Ethereum scaling solutions.  “Ethereum really needs more developers on problems like sharding, proof of stake, and plasma, right now there simply aren ’t enough. It should also hire some more operations people to help orchestrate it all, for instance, Solidity is just now being formally audited. Ethereum would be 100x more kickass with these things [and around] 10 developers each working on all three of those hard problems above.”  Featured image from Flickr/ Duncan Rawlinson .  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Tumbles as China ’s Central Bank Tightens the Noose on Cryptocurrency Traders Twitter  China ’s government dealt the cryptocurrency markets a severe blow on Tuesday, as multiple outlets  reported  that the central bank officials plan to block residents from accessing foreign cryptocurrency trading exchanges. The news took the wind out of the market ’s sails, and led by the bitcoin price, every top 100-cryptocurrency lost value against the US dollar.  People ’s Bank of China (PBoC) officials had already banned domestic order-book exchanges, but mainland residents were often still able to access some foreign exchanges, as well as over-the-counter (OTC) trading platforms. With this move, though, the PBoC seeks to further isolate China ’s 1.4 billion residents from the global cryptocurrency ecosystem.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Unsurprisingly, the  cryptocurrency market cap  careened downward by more than $150 billion, although it has since experienced a slight recovery to $574 billion. Even at this level, though, the cryptocurrency market cap is down 18 percent for the day.  Bitcoin Price Plunges Below $12,000  The  bitcoin price  set the tone for the day, and it was not a pleasant one. The most prominent cryptocurrency declined by more than 14 percent to a present value of $11,750 on Bitfinex. Amazingly, this correction forced bitcoin ’s market cap below $200 billion for the first time in nearly a month, and its circulating supply is currently valued at $199.6 billion.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Although the move is concerning, this is not the first time that the PBoC has injected turbulence into the markets through hostile regulatory policies. In each of the previous cases, the bitcoin price was quick to consolidate and return to a position of strength, so there is no reason to believe the markets will fail to rebound from this report, too.  Ethereum Price Fights to Hold Above $1,000  No major cryptocurrency was immune from the correction, and the  Ethereum price  was among those hardest hit. The second largest cryptocurrency posted a 22 percent decline, and the Ethereum price dove as low as $966 before inching its way back to $1,072. At present, Ethereum has a $101.3 billion market cap.  Ethereum Price Chart  Ripple ’s 25 Percent Decline Headlines Bloody Altcoin Market  Ethereum ’s poor performance was matched by the wider cryptocurrency markets, and altcoin market caps declined by a combined $102 billion for the day.   Ripple price plunged by 25 percent to $1.36, reducing its market cap to $52.1 billion. The bitcoin cash price declined by 19 percent, which knocked it below the $2,000 mark to a present value of $1,965.  Fifth-ranked Cardano lost 22 percent, and the litecoin price managed to hold above $200 despite a 16 percent pullback. NEM declined by 13 percent, while NEO ’s four percent decline constituted the best performance among top 10-cryptocurrencies.  The stellar price declined by 23 percent to $0.48, and IOTA ’s 18 percent decline dropped its price to $2.98 to round out the top 10.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   China ’s Alibaba Quietly Launches Cryptocurrency Mining Platform: Unconfirmed Local Report Twitter  Chinese e-commerce and tech conglomerate Alibaba has quietly launched a cryptocurrency mining platform, according to an unconfirmed local media report.  According to  Tencent News , Alibaba registered the platform, which is called “P2P Nodes,” on Oct. 10, 2017 with the relevant local authorities in Nanjing.  “Alibaba has recently launched a virtual currency mining platform  “P2P node ”, from the terms of the service agreement terms platform, the main operating platform is Alibaba East China Ltd.. It is reported that the company on October 10, 2017 has been completed registration, registered in Nanjing,” the report reads, according to a very rough translation.  It is not clear from the report whether the platform has officially begun registering users.  The news was first brought to the attention of Western audiences by  cnLedger , who said that, according to its translation of the report, sources say that Alibaba may eventually incorporate the mining operation into its e-commerce platform.  A  separate Tencent report  indicates that the operation will be a “third-party” platform, presumably meaning that it will function as a cloud mining service that allows users to rent hashpower from the company.  The report said that Alibaba is “very cautious” about the project and that while users can withdraw cash using Alipay, they are currently unable to directly withdraw the coins that they mine, according to the terms of service.  If the report is accurate, it represents an about-face for Alibaba, whose founder, Jack Ma,  indicated last month  that the company was not going to engage with cryptocurrency.  “I don’t think we are ready for that,” he said, adding that the company would focus its efforts on fiat-based fintech innovations such as Alipay. “Bitcoin [is] not for me.”  The timing of the report is also significant, given that China’s central bank has lately sought to tighten the noose on the domestic cryptocurrency industry.  Earlier this month, regulators began  pressuring local governments  and utility providers to stop giving incentives to cryptocurrency mining operations, a policy that officials hope will make China less attractive to this burgeoning industry.  CCN also reported that central bank officials are planning to  block domestic access  to cryptocurrency trading platforms that are located off the mainland, widening its crackdown on centralized trading that began last year when regulators ordered the shutdown of local exchanges.  This story is developing.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   China Looks to Ban  & Censor Centralized Cryptocurrency Trading: Reports Twitter  China’s clampdown on cryptocurrencies continues as financial authorities reportedly plan to block domestic access to cryptocurrency trading platforms that enable centralized trading, within China and beyond.  A little over a year after China began its crackdown on the local cryptocurrency ecosystem, that scrutiny is now set to escalate further. Citing sources,  Bloomberg  is reporting that China’s authorities are weighing up measures ‘to block domestic access to homegrown and offshore platforms that enable centralized trading.’.  Notably, smaller peer-to-peer transactions in bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies won’t see any scrutiny, according to the report.  Sourcing information from an internal memo from a government meeting,  Reuters  cites People’s Bank of China (PBoC) Vice Governor Pan Gongsheng urging the government to enforce a complete ban on centralized trading. The memo from the meeting, held among internet regulators and other legislators last week, also has Pan suggesting local and national authorities target centralized cryptocurrency trading venues and the wider bitcoin services industry. Individ uals and institutions who provide settlement and clearing services, guarantees and even centralized online wallet providers are also to see a ban, Pan reportedly added.  In details coinciding with Bloomberg’s report, Pan also called on China’s internet regulator to block access, censoring Chinese users from domestic and foreign cryptocurrency exchanges alongside mobile apps enabling centralized trading services. Platforms who provide cryptocurrency payment services ought to be sanctioned, Pan added.  Concerned about China’s capital flight, the  central banker also called on authorities to investigate remittance and money transfer services that help citizens move funds offshore.  Further, Pan also doubled down on China’s recently reported clampdown on domestic cryptocurrency miners.  According to the memo, he told assembled regulators and policy-makers:  “Pseudo-financial innovations that have no relationship with the real economy should not be supported. ”  As  reported  at the turn of the year, China’s central bank is looking to scale down domestic bitcoin mining leading “toward an orderly exit” altogether. Chinese bitcoin miners have already established or in the process of finding viable alternative locations in countries like  Switzerland  and  Canada .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Coinbase Criticized For Spamming Bitcoin Mempool, CEO Responds Twitter  Throughout the past week, Coinbase, the global cryptocurrency market’s largest brokerage and wallet platform valued at $1.6 billion, has been heavily criticized for the absence of Segregated Witness (SegWit) and transaction batching on its platform.  Coinbase Lacking SegWit and Batching Transactions  Jameson Lopp, the lead engineer and architect at multi-signature blockchain security service provider BitGo,  stated:  “Low hanging fruit for Coinbase: offers users high, medium, and low priority fee choice when sending. Batch transactions together every X minutes.  It ’s not a new revelation that a significant cause of bitcoin network congestion is from popular services such as Blockchain, Coinbase, and Gemini who are using block space inefficiently. If you don ’t want to contribute to the problem, don ’t use them.”  Lopp added that several major cryptocurrency exchanges are currently using batching IIRC and SegWit to reduce transaction fees and relieve the Bitcoin blockchain network from congestion. “Bitstamp, HitBTC, Kraken, LocalBitcoins, and QuadrigaCX all use both SegWit and batching IIRC,” Lopp noted.  According to the bitcoin and market data provided by Blockchain, the second most popular wallet platform in the cryptocurrency market, the size of the bitcoin mempool remains above 121 million bytes, with blocks averaging at 1.05MB. But, the daily transaction volume of bitcoin is actually down from over 450,000 transactions to 225,800 transactions.   The Bitcoin blockchain network is demonstrating a similar level of congestion as a few weeks ago, when the network processed nearly twice as much as the current daily transaction volume.   On the Bitcoin network, the mempool operates as the holding area for unconfirmed transactions. Miners have to pick up transactions from the mempool to verify and confirm payments, and send the transactions to the main Bitcoin blockchain.  If the Bitcoin blockchain network’s mempool is congested, it is difficult for the miners to process transactions in a speedy manner, decreasing the usability, efficiency, and accessibility of bitcoin as a digital currency and a medium of exchange.  Lopp and other renowned experts in the cryptocurrency sector have criticized major businesses like Coinbase and Blockchain for not implementing dynamic fee systems, SegWit, and batching to reduce fees for their customers and for the entire Bitcoin network. Large-scale platforms like Coinbase process more transactions than 70 percent of the businesses in the industry combined. As such, the impact Coinbase has on the ecosystem of bitcoin is truly immense.  Coinbase CEO Responds  In response to the criticism, Brian Armstrong, the CEO at Coinbase, announced that the company will add SegWit, batching transactions, and other innovative solutions to improve the backlog of transactions on the Bitcoin network.  He stated:  “Coinbase is working on batching transactions, SegWit, and a number of other strategies to improve transaction backlog. Thanks for bearing with us.”  Whether the integration of SegWit and batching transactions can drastically improve the scalability of bitcoin and reduce congestion on the Bitcoin network by large margins remain unclear. But, the overall stance of the bitcoin community as of now is to have SegWit and batching completed first, and discuss on-chain scaling and block size increase after, if SegWit and batching are not sufficient.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   China to Restrict Cryptocurrency OTC Trading and Mining, No Definite Plans Yet Twitter  According to an internal memo obtained by Bloomberg and Reuters, the People’s Bank of China (PBoC) vice governor Pan Gongsheng has encouraged the government to enforce a complete ban on cryptocurrency trading.  Far-Fetched to Claim China Triggered Market Correction  Last year, the Chinese government banned cryptocurrency exchanges from operating, closing down Huobi, BTCC, OKCoin, and other large-scale trading platforms. Consequently, major exchanges left to Hong Kong and have been operating cryptocurrency-to-fiat OTC trading platforms ever since.  The Chinese government cannot prevent Huobi Pro, BTCC, and OKEx, three of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges in the Chinese market that migrated to Hong Kong, from operating because they have based their companies outside the jurisdiction of the Chinese government.  But, PBoC governor Pan Gongsheng has suggested the Chinese government to shutdown OTC platforms and exchanges within mainland China to ensure that cryptocurrency trading ban is strictly enforced.  Today, on January 16,  CCN  reported  that the People’s Bank of China (PBoC) Vice Governor Pan Gongsheng told the government:  “Pseudo-financial innovations that have no relationship with the real economy should not be supported.”  Many reports have claimed that the statement of PBoC governor Gongsheng triggered the recent drop in the market valuation of cryptocurrencies. However, if the impact of the Chinese market is analyzed, such claims are evidently false given that the Chinese cryptocurrency exchange market has virtually no volume. China has banned cryptocurrency trading in September of 2017. For mo re than six months, cryptocurrency exchanges have been shut down in the country.  It is far-fetched to claim that China was behind the recent correction of the cryptocurrency market, because the market has close no trading volumes.   I ’ve read reports that China caused the recent  #cryptocurrency  market correction.  For those who have not had the chance to gain access to WI-FI since September 2017, China banned cryptocurrency trading 4 months ago. It has close to 0 volume. What impact does China have now?  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  January 16, 2018  Potential Crackdown on Bitcoin Mining  Earlier this month, trusted cryptocurrency news source in China CnLedger reported that the government is trying to restrict resources for local cryptocurrency miners to crackdown on the industry.  CnLedger wrote:  “Caixin: PBoC did not hold a closed-door meeting, nor are they asking to shut down mining fields before a  “deadline ”. However, the regulators are indeed gradually canceling the preferential policies offered previously in electricity fees, taxes and land to some mining facilities  Regulators are asking local departments to report the current status of bitcoin mining companies under administration, and  “guide the mining firms to exit in an orderly manner ” by taking various measures from the aspects of electricity, land, tax, environmental protection.”  In December, South China Morning Post along with other news publications in Hong Kong reported that Chinese cryptocurrency miners have been planning to leave the local sector for many months. This week,  Reuters reported  that Bitmain, the largest bitcoin mining equipment manufacturer and mining pool in China,  is aiming to expand to Canada.  “Of the world’s top five largest blockchain players, we have at least three or four,” David Vincent, director of business development at Hydro Quebec distribution, said.  Given that Chinese miners are eyeing expansion into Canada and European countries with cheap electricity, and traders are moving to the Hong Kong market which is being served by OKEx, Bitfinex, BTCC, and Huobi Pro, the Chinese government’s crackdown on both mining and trading is expect to have minimal impact on the global cryptocurrency industry.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Poses No Threat to Dollar, Federal Reserve Official Says Twitter  Bitcoin, whose ballooning market cap reached above $325 billion a month ago, is not a worthy opponent for fiat money,  says  Minneapolis Federal Reserve President Neel Kashkari. In fact, no single cryptocurrency could give the US dollar a run for its money, so to speak. Instead, they are more likely to tussle with one another as they jockey for position among the top 10 digital coins.  Altcoins, or those cryptocurrencies that are not bitcoin, may not catch bitcoin ’s size anytime soon, but nearly 50 of them boast a market cap of USD 1 billion-plus, up from fewer than a dozen only months ago.  Kashkari during a public appearance in his home state is quoted as having said:  “I don ’t see bitcoin as a credible competitor to the dollar in the United States of America, and the reason is the barrier of entry to you creating your own coin and me creating my own virtual currency  … is zero. ”  It ’s not the first time Minneapolis Fed ’s Kashkari has  weighed in on cryptocurrencies , with the official in recent days pointing to blockchain technology as possessing a higher potential for use in society over any digital currencies, similarly taking issue with the number of new coins that are being released.  Meanwhile, bitcoin has been more relatable in design to precious metals, particularly gold, than fiat currency. Similar to gold, bitcoin is said to be a store of value, and that is the very speculation that is said to be driving the price higher. Investors hoarding gold have similarly been drawn to the decentralized nature of bitcoin. Meanwhile, bitcoin ’s rise may be at the expense of the gold price, which suffered some hiccups in 2017.  To be fair, the value of the world ’s mined gold dwarfs bitcoin  at approximately USD 7.5 trillion , but gold and bitcoin may be more acceptable opponents than bitcoin and the dollar. Gold might not produce the roller coaster experience that bitcoin investors were on in 2017, but it ’s not an emerging asset like cryptocurrencies.  While use cases for bitcoin are on the rise, the cryptocurrency is frequently held, not spent. This feature resembles gold more than it does the dollar. Meanwhile, the very blockchain startups that support bitcoin, such as alternative lenders, encourage cryptocurrency owners to hold their bitcoin, use it as collateral and take loans in fiat money.  Getting back to the Fed ’s Kashkari, he doesn ’t deny the potential global influence of bitcoin and leading altcoins, but that hope for tomorrow is clouded by the uncertainty that surrounds this market segment today. He says despite the fact that while there ’s a cap of 21 million on the number of bitcoin that will be mined, altcoins are coming out at a fast and furious rate.  “[If] it gets muddled with all these other alt coins you can still have inflation, because you don ’t know which ones to trust. I just think this has a long way of going before we know how this shakes out, ” said Kashkari cited in CNBC.  It may be early innings for bitcoin, but there appears to be room for both the cryptocurrency and the US dollar to coexist.  Featured image from Flickr.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Bloodbath: Bitcoin, Ripple, et al. Decline in Value Twitter  Today, on January 16, the cryptocurrency market experienced a major correction, for the third time in the past 10 days. The price of most cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, Ripple, Ethereum, and Bitcoin Cash declined by around 10 percent, while small cryptocurrencies recorded larger losses.  With the exception of NEO and Monero, all of the top 20 cryptocurrencies have fallen in value. Cryptocurrencies that have recorded a decline of over 10 percent include Ripple, Cardano, Bitcoin Cash, Stellar, EOS, Dash, Tron, Bitcoin Gold, and Ethereum Classic.   Small Cryptocurrencies Take a Big Hit  Cryptocurrencies with lower market caps, specifically cryptocurrencies outside of the top 10 global rankings, have recorded larger losses than established digital currencies like bitcoin and Ethereum. Even cryptocurrencies with trading volumes heavily concentrated in South Korea such as Qtum and EOS have declined in value, even though the South Korean cryptocurrency market recovered from the latest trading ban FUD.  The recent correction of the cryptocurrency market was not triggered by South Korea or China, as the market have already recovered from the FUD produced by the authorities in both regions. Rather, it is likely that the major correction was caused by the abrupt surge in the market valuation of most cryptocurrencies in the market within a short period of time, with minor corrections.  Within the past 30 days, the market valuation of cryptocurrencies increased from $540 billion to $840 billion, with several cryptocurrencies with Tron that do not have enough users, decentralized applications, and user activity to justify their market valuations, surging by billions of dollars.  The technology of cryptocurrencies is irrelevant in this argument. The technology of Tron or other cryptocurrencies could be sophisticated and advanced. They likely are. But, not enough users are using these blockchain networks to give them multi-billion dollar valuations. As Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin previously  stated:  “So total cryptocoin market cap just hit $0.5 trillion today. But have we earned it? How many unbanked people have we banked? How much censorship-resistant commerce for the common people have we enabled? How many decentralized applications have we created that have substantial usage?  In the last 3 years, the crypto market cap has increased by 200x, but I definitely don ’t feel like crypto ’s potential has increased by 200x. In some key sectors (eg. payments) it has even regressed.  The answer to all of these questions is definitely not zero, and in some cases it ’s quite significant. But not enough to say it ’s $0.5T levels of significant. Not enough.”  Considering that public blockchains have not been able to demonstrate their potential through the success of decentralized applications, it is normal that the cryptocurrency market has experienced a major correction. It is also healthy that the market experiences corrections on a regular basis, as corrections prevent short-term bubbles from forming.  Short-Term Trend  As the market did many times in the past few years, most cryptocurrencies will likely recover in value in the upcoming days. It is more likely that South Korea and Japan-centered cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin, Ethereum, Monero, Zcash, Dash, and Qtum will recover first.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   JioCoin – India’s Biggest Conglomerate to Launch its Own Cryptocurrency Twitter  Reliance Industries, India’s biggest and most valuable conglomerate, is diving into blockchain development that will also see the company create its own cryptocurrency, JioCoin, through its telecom subsidiary Reliance Jio Infocomm.  According to a regional report by  LiveMint , Indian telecom giant Jio Infocomm is establishing an initiative dubbed the ‘JioCoin project’ that will see a 50-member team of professionals working on blockchain technology to develop applications for supply chain management logistics as well as building smart contracts. The team will reportedly be led by Akash Ambani, the eldest son of Mukesh Ambani who is the managing dire ctor of Reliance Industries. One of the world’s richest men, Mukesh Ambani is worth an estimated $40.1 billion with a 44.7% stake in the conglomerate.  The blockchain development team  – to consist of professionals with an average age of 25 years  – will also work toward developing its own cryptocurrency called Jiocoin.  Speaking to the publication, an anonymous insider familiar with the developments outlined potential use cases for the technology, stating:  “One (application) is cryptocurrency. We can deploy smart contracts. It can be used in supply chain management logistics. Loyalty points could altogether be based on JioCoin. ”  Although details remain scarce, it’s easy to spot reasons for Reliance Jio’s foray into developing its cryptocurrency. The company has a massive network of entertainment offerings including Jio Phones, JioTV, JioNet WiFi, Jio Cinema, Jio Music and notably, Jio Money. With Jio Money, Reliance Jio has developed its own payment gateway and wallet that predictably brings a wide ran ge of discounts on purchases in food, travel, apparels and more. With its own cryptocurrency, Reliance Jio could conceivably issue loyalty points in cryptocurrency that can be used for purchases throughout the Jio ecosystem.  While India’s highly competitive mobile telephony market already sees some of the lowest tariffs in the world, the recently-launched Reliance Jio  – with a 4G network covering the entire country  – has heavily disrupted the sector with significantly discounted data usage rates and freebies to become the country’s fourth-largest telecom operator. A little over a year since it’s launch in December 2016, Reliance JIO now has over 160 million subscribers in the world’s second largest mobile subscriber market (an estimated 1.1 billion users), after China.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price to Hit $100,000 in 2018, Predicts Saxo Bank Analyst Twitter  An analyst at Saxo Bank said that he believes the bitcoin price could reach $100,000 in 2018 due to increased interest from institutional investors.  Institutional Investors Could Bid Bitcoin Price Up to $100,000  Kay Van-Petersen  made waves  in Dec. 2016 when he predicted that the bitcoin price could reach as high as $2,000 in 2017, representing more than 100 percent of upside from its level at the time.  Bitcoin needed less than half the year to reach that mark. After ripping past $2,000 in May, the  bitcoin price  continued to surpass even the most bullish predictions, and it ultimately ended the year close to $14,000.  Now, the Saxo analyst is upping the ante. Van-Petersen told  CNBC  that he believes the bitcoin price could reach $50,000 to $100,000 before the end of 2018  — an increase of 300 percent to 700 percent from its value on Tuesday morning.  “First off, you could argue we have had a proper correction in bitcoin, it has had a 50 percent pull back at one point, which is healthy. But we have still not seen the full effect of the futures contracts, ” he said.  This rally, he said, will be fueled primarily by institutional investors, who have only recently begun to enter what has largely been a retail-driven market.  A variety of hedge funds and venture capital firms began  investing in bitcoin  last year, most notably Peter Thiel’s Founders Fund.  US exchanges CBOE and CME also launched the first regulated  bitcoin futures contracts  available to Wall Street investors, and fund providers have sought ( thus far unsuccessfully ) to gain regulatory approval to use these contracts as the basis for exchange-traded funds that track the price of bitcoin (Bitcoin ETFs).  Despite these bullish developments, the bitcoin ’s heated rally has cooled in recent weeks. Since the beginning of January, the bitcoin price has declined by more than nine percent, and it currently sits approximately 40 percent below the all-time high it set on Dec. 17.  Van-Petersen is not concerned. He said that bitcoin often consolidates at a lower level before breaking out to new highs.  “I wouldn ’t be surprised if it ’s something we are seeing,” he said. “It ’s kind of building a foundation, then will re-rate a bit higher.”  Ethereum Could Outperform Bitcoin  Despite his bullish outlook on bitcoin, Van-Petersen believes that ethereum will be the true headliner of this year ’s cryptocurrency market rally.  Arguing that ethereum has a  “more unified leadership than bitcoin, ” he said that he believes ethereum will scale more quickly than bitcoin.  This, he said, will further increase the number of transactions made across the network, ultimately enabling ethereum to outperform bitcoin ’s year-over-year performance.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Venezuelan President Calls on 11 Countries to Adopt State Cryptocurrency Petro Twitter  Venezuelan president Nicholas Maduro has called on members of the  Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of America (ALBA) to support the petro, Venezuela’s state-sponsored cryptocurrency.    The alliance –which consists of Antigua and Barbuda, Bolivia, Cuba, Dominica, Ecuador, Nicaragua, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Granada and Venezuela –met last Friday in Caracas, Venezuela’s capital, for an ALBA political council meeting.  In his closing remarks, Maduro urged his compatriots to adopt the petro, the Colombian news outlet  El Tiempo  originally reported.  “I put on the table, brother governments of the ALBA, the proposal of the cryptocurrency the petro, so that we [may] assume it as one of the projects of integration of the 21st century in a bold way, but also in a creative way.”  Consequently, Maduro’s appeal to the coalition comes in the same week that Venzuela’s parliament declared that  the petro is unconstitutional .  The Petro: A Brief History and Context  President Maduro first revealed plans for the petro  in a televised address  back in December.  The cryptocurrency, he announced, would be back by oil, diamond, and gold commodity reserves.  It’s his hope that the petro will “ advance monetary sovereignty, as it will help to overcome the financial blockade and thus move towards new forms of international financing for the economic and social development of the country.”  With the petro, the Venezuelan government hopes to circumvent  sanctions imposed by the Trump administration , as well as shore up an economic crisis that has the bolivar, Venezuela ’s native currency,  plummeting against the US dollar .  Meanwhile, Venezuelan citizens  are emigrating  out of the country in droves, while some who have stayed have  turned to mining or buying bitcoin  to stay financially afloat amidst a sinking economy.  Two weeks ago, Maduro  mandated the circulation of 100 million petro , the first issuance of the state-sponsored cryptocurrency to date.  Each coin will be back by a single barrel of crude oil, making the total supply worth roughly $6bln at current oil prices.  Under government supervision, dissemination of the currency will take place through virtual exchange houses, and transactions will be processed by groups of national miners.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Blockchain Platforms Empowering Investors in the Gaming Industry Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  With over 60,000 registrations, more than 40,000 ingame withdrawals and over 500 million mined tokens, Game Machine is offering investors the ideal opportunity to profit from the growing global gaming market.  The broad amount of options  The  Game Machine  project is a robust platform that is offering individuals the opportunity to synergize with key industry influencers while exploring the numerous opportunities present within the over $116 Billion worth gaming marketplace.  The platform is designed  to give investors access to  the crowdfunding platform  with analytics and interest rating from all participating gamers. Users through the transparent blockchain processes can also make preferred choices from the various options and unlimited information that is made available over several high-quality products.  Teamwork matters  Despite the significant growth that is being experienced within the gaming industry, a lot of potential remains untapped due to the absence of genuine efficiency across the key players in the industry. The existing system does not sufficiently permit a mutual working environment as these participants function as independent entities that look out for their personal interests. I nvestors, developers and gamers themselves have all pursued their own independent goals, leaving each group with the circumstance of expending so much energy and resources for some limited rewards.   By implementing the blockchain, Game Machine creates an environment where everyone can arrive on the same platform, working in a transparent platform and making for easy communication between themselves and investors as well. Hence, this setup is poised to unleash the industry’s potential and engineer a boost in the markets  – what a time to be an investor in the gaming industry.  Specific platform benefits  Besides the general benefits that are made available for participants by the basic Game Machine arrangement, project investors are offered specific bonuses and incentives. For example, investing in the Game Machine project qualifies an individual to mine the platform’s underlying Game Machine token. This is possible through the implementation of the platform’s Proof-of-Authorit y (or Proof-of-Gamer) protocol. Also, investors will enjoy further extended benefits with include the opportunity of being invited to the special club with exclusive big discounts and sales for the majority of crowd sales from crowdfunding platform. Top-tier investors will also be able to get a part of all tokens, released by every project.  The opportunity to invest in the  Game Machine  project is made available through the project’s ongoing token sale which lasts until January 31 2018. By this time, the project has already raised almost $2 000 000.   Blockchain disrupts  The gaming industry is experiencing a significant growth and expansion. This is largely as a result of the various innovations taken place which have seen the industry grow from a recreational environment towards a field of professional endeavour.  The current disruption that is brought about by blockchain technology and the associated innovations is bound to enhance extended growth of the gaming industry, making it ripe for investors who are looking to make significant profit in the near future.  More details are provided on the official site:  gamemachine.io  
INCREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Plummets Near $11,000  in 2018-Low Twitter  Bitcoin price dropped to a 2018-low during Tuesday’s morning trading (GMT), losing over $2,300 (Bitfinex) in a 17% fall in just under 3 hours.  Dampened by  regulatory scrutiny in Korea , home to one of the world’s biggest crypto markets, bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies continued their descent today. After opening Tuesday’s trading near $13,500 on USD-based Bitfinex, bitcoin price settled at $13,200 at 07:00 (GMT) before a collapse that led the world’s first cryptocurrency drop to a low of $10,891 near 10:00 AM.  At the time of publishing, bitcoin price is showing signs of a recovery in trading near $12,000.   Coinciding with Korea’s regulatory squeeze, multiple reports today have also pointed to a senior Chinese central bank official  proposing a wider ban on cryptocurrency trading  that would extend to both domestic and offshore trading platforms. The call for a ban includes cryptocurrency services such as mobile wallet apps and clearing and settlement providers in an effort to censor Chinese citizens from trading in cryptocurrencies.  Negating a momentary flash crash on December 23, today’s low is closer to bitcoin’s trading value in the first week of December when the cryptocurrency rode a wave of momentum to hit an all-time high near $20,000, nearly a month ago to the day.   At the time, markets were buoyed by the impending launch of bitcoin futures contracts by Chicago-based operators CBOE and the CME Group – signaling a trend of anticipation of Wall Street whales to get into the cryptocurrency ecosystem.  Bitcoin’s drop mirrors  wider losses across the cryptocurrency market  with nearly $147 billion wiped off since the turn of the day.   Click  here  for a real-time bitcoin price chart.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Darenta Is Moving to Disrupt the Car Sharing Industry Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  When people try to predict what the future will look like, they are seldom able to guess right. Most of the time we think about the big things without formulating reasonable hypotheses about how these would work and what sort of technology and networks would make them possible.  New Trends in Technology  This is why blockchain technology is so interesting. There are very few science fiction books that foresaw an idea like this, but the technology is very likely going to end up being the backbone of most of the technology and innovations we utilize in the future.  Smart contracts are a clear example of an unexpected manifestation of something we have been talking about for ages: artificial intelligence. Smart contracts are mostly just crafty and clever methods of making a computer’s performance capabilities similar to that of a human’s.  The “internet of things” was a feature of each resident’s house in the cartoon show “the Jetsons”, but is now becoming a reality as companies find ways to bring this technology into the average home. It has always seemed simple in principle to create appliances that worked on a network and could be controlled by a smart home, but it was never economically viable. The added utility is more of convenience and novelty than actual necessity, so it couldn’t be prohibitively expensive, otherwise users wouldn’t buy it.  Revolution of Old Industries  From examining all these different technologies (IoT, smart contracts, and blockchain technology), it should become clear many industries will be revolutionized now that these technologies can be easily implemented.  The car sharing industry is one example. Right now, the reason car sharing hasn’t caught on as much as the demand would indicate is because people are not willing to trust strangers with their cars and are worried about safety. Having the ability to quickly rent a car through a website or mobile application would be great, but it requires some way to mitigate the risk.  A company called   Darenta  has found a way to solve this problem. Blockchain technology can be used to create a network for the sharing of insured cars, so that everyone can rest easily knowing their possessions are in good hands.  A core part of the network is the ability to make payments with bank cards and cryptocurrencies (this is where the smart contracts come in). Costs would be cut to the point of being around 30-60% cheaper than traditional car rental services. These companies represent the current competition, but are ripe for disruption in a world where many people are willing to rent out their own cars if the price is right. The lower capital costs create a unique opportunity for anyone willing to jump in and harness the untapped potential in cars not currently reaching full utilization.  Geolocation is another technology that has been available for a while but only recently became attainable for widespread use. With Darenta, it would be possible to track the movements of your car on a map, or by using GPS/Glonass.    Where Darenta Can Take This  From examining the market opportunity and looking at the way the current trends are tilting in the world, it is clear that car sharing has a future in our world. Darenta is well-positioned to take advantage of the new wave of blockchain technology and capture this market.  It is currently in the midst of the ICO for their token,  ProducToken . What makes this token special is its use case within the Darenta network. When you pay by tokens, you get a 50% discount from the service commission. This makes for a very appealing deal for users, and Darenta also incentivizes users to leave reviews by rewarding them with tokens for their feedback.  The idea of having a unique use case is not new, but not all ICO’s demonstrate this strength, which is why Darenta is a special option. The hope is, by providing global service ability to car owners and leveraging their powerful technology, Darenta will develop a dominance in the car sharing space.  
INCREASE	   TRON Uses ‘Creative Marketing’ to Hype Baofeng Partnership Twitter  Some community members are crying foul after blockchain content distribution startup TRON exercised a bit of creative license to promote it partnership with Chinese company Baofeng.  TRON Announces Partnership with Public Chinese Firm Baofeng  On Wednesday, TRON founder Justin Sun announced that the startup had entered into a partnership with Baofeng, a publicly-listed Chinese company that Sun described as the “Chinese Netflix.”   We  #TRON  are proud to announce the partnership with Baofeng group. Baofeng, aka Chinese  @netflix , boasts more than 200 million users as a video portal giant and has achieved 8 billion CNY listing in Shenzhen stock exchange (300431.SZ).  https://t.co/f9MJZcmSDD   #TRX   $trx   pic.twitter.com/jZJF32mmvi  — Justin Sun (@justinsuntron)  January 10, 2018   Though the partnership announcement had been teased for a while, the timing was convenient for TRON, which is currently  facing accusations of plagiarizing  the IPFS and Filecoin whitepapers.  ‘Creative Marketing ’ May Oversell Partnership  At first glance, the news appears to be a coup for TRON, as having its tech tapped by a video playback service as popular as Baofeng would lend significant credibility to the startup’s content distribution platform.  While an achievement for TRON, there are several indications that the true nature of the partnership is perhaps not quite as flashy as Sun’s headline suggests.  First, a variety of community members criticized Sun for his characterization of Baofeng as the  “Chinese Netflix ” and other TRON supporters for comparing the company to YouTube.  Source: Reddit  Moreover, as explained in the  announcement , the partnership is  — strictly speaking  — with Baofeng BFC, a division within the company that is developing the company’s Blockchain Consensus Network (BCN) and producing hardware devices. This division is separate from Baofeng’s video playback service, which has an estimated 200 million monthly users.  Under the agreement, Baofeng BFC hardware devices will run full nodes to support TRON’s blockchain once its main network launches in the future.  “As a large-scale P2P network operator, we know how difficult this network is and how great the technical challenges are. We look forward to the TRON team overcoming the difficulties and launching the network, ” Tianlong Cui, CEO of Baofeng BFC, stated in the announcement.  Finally, Baofeng BFC has signed similar partnership agreements with a  variety of other blockchain startups  over the past several weeks, including Qtum, Metaverse ETP, and an obscure bitcoin fork called BitcoinFile.  These other partnership agreements attracted little attention, both because the blockchain startups in question had smaller market caps than TRON and they did not use the same creative licensing employed by TRON.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Biting the Dust: Bitcoin ETF Applications Forced to Withdraw Under SEC Scrutiny Twitter  Several exchange-traded fund (ETF) providers have withdrawn their bitcoin ETF applications at the request of the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).  Since the launch of bitcoin futures contracts on regulated US exchanges CBOE and CME, a myriad of fund providers have  tossed their hats into the ring  in a bid to bring the first bitcoin ETF to market by creating funds that would trade bitcoin futures rather than the underlying asset itself.  This group included Direxion Shares ETF Trust, a firm that desired to create  leveraged bitcoin funds  that would multiply bitcoin’s price movements. Direxion  withdrew its application  on Jan. 8, citing the SEC’s concern over the liquidity of the futures markets.  “On a call with the Staff on January 5, 2018, the Staff expressed concerns regarding the liquidity and valuation of the underlying instruments in which the Fund intends to primarily invest and requested that the Trust withdraw the Amendment until such time as these concerns are resolved. In response to the Staff ’s request, the Trust respectfully requests withdrawal of the Amendment,” Direxion’s Angela Brickl wrote in the firm ’s withdrawal letter.  The SEC’s stance toward Direxion’s proposed funds is not entirely surprising. The funds were roundly criticized by mainstream analysts for aiming to introduce heightened risk into markets that are already incredibly volatile.  However, a litany of other fund providers have withdrawn their bitcoin ETF applications as well. VanEck, First Trust Advisors, Exchange Listed Funds Trust (ELF), and ProShares Trust have all filed letters requesting to have their applications withdrawn. None of these firms intended to exercise leverage through their proposed funds, although several sought to offer inverse ETFs,  which are designed to return the opposite of the index and are generally considered to be riskier than long ETFs.  ProShares’ withdrawal is notable given that the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)  had sought to list its bitcoin funds  on its Arca trading platform. The NYSE had also filed to list Direxion ’s leveraged bitcoin ETFs.  The withdrawals of ELF and First Trust, meanwhile, are significant because the SEC had  asked for public comment  on CBOE’s proposed rule change that would have allowed the exchange to list these funds and exempt them from certain market manipulation regulations.  This is not the first time that fund providers have withdrawn bitcoin ETF applications under SEC pressure, but many analysts predicted that the launch of bitcoin futures would quickly lead to regulatory approval for these products.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cease and Desist! Malaysia’s Securities Watchdog Puts Brakes on ICO Twitter  Malaysia’s statutory securities regulator and watchdog has issued a cease an immediate cease and desist to a startup’s initial coin offering (ICO).  With a  statement  on Tuesday, the Securities Commission (SC) Malaysia ordered the CopyCash Foundation to “immediately cease and desist all its proposed activities including a purported plan to launch an Initial Coin Offering (ICO)”. CopyCash describes itself as a decentralized social travestying (trading and investing) blockchain platform on its  website , enabling travestying in foreign exchange markets and cryptocurrencies.  The directive came ahead of the intended launch of the startup’s ICO today.  The ban follows a previous  statement  by the regulator on January 5 when the authority stated it “will be calling in key officers” from CopyCash to “inquire into its activities including the purported launch of CopyCashCoin (CCC).” The regulator also noted that it had seen an increase in ICOs “soliciting investments in cryptocurrencies from the public at large, including senior citizens.”  After the inquiry, the SC wrote in its statement yesterday:  “The [cease and desist] directive was issued by the SC following its inquiry after it found that there is a reasonable likelihood that disclosures in CopyCash Foundation’s white paper and representations to potential investors will contravene relevant requirements under securities laws. ”  The securities regulator’s swift action notably follows a public notice  cautioning the public  over ICO-related investments, in September 2017. The authority urged investors to “fully understand” what’s on offer with a digital token sale, adding ICO operators could include disclaimers that would absolve them from “certain responsibilities and obligations.”  In its statement last week, the Securities Commission confirmed it will continue to put a spotlight on ICO activities in Malaysia alongside the country’s central bank.  “The SC continues to work with Bank Negara Malaysia and other enforcement agencies, including our foreign counterparts, to closely monitor such activities and will take appropriate action where necessary,” the watchdog stated.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Will  ‘Easily Double ’ in 2018, Says Wall Street Strategist Twitter  Tom Lee, co-founder of the market strategy firm Fundstrat Global Advisors and a well-known bitcoin bull, sees bitcoin’s price “easily double” this year. While speaking on  CNBC’s “Futures Now,”  the Wall Street strategist even considered the possibility of seeing bitcoin triple in 2018.  As reported by CCN, Lee initially set his bitcoin price target for $11,500 for mid-2018, and then  increased it to $20,000  as the cryptocurrency’s intrinsic value had increased over the last few months due to the growth of new bitcoin wallets, according to him.  Justifying his increasingly bullish take on the cryptocurrency, Tom Lee stated that he thinks it’s still early for investors to “appreciate how much development and uses cases are being built around bitcoin.” To him, bitcoin’s current volatility is just a “price discovery process.”  Addressing those who say bitcoin has no intangible value, Lee said they may be losing some perspective. As a reference, he used the fact that some people said Amazon was worth nothing in the 90s as it wasn’t actually making any money. Taking this into account, the Wall Street strategist said:  “On a long-term basis, [the easiest way to look at bitcoin is] as a replacement or a store of value. So as millennials discover and generate income, they ’re going to use it as a replacement for gold. If [bitcoin] gets 5 percent of the gold market, that ’s roughly $50,000.”  Following his line of thought, Lee sees Bitcoin getting to $20,000 as it keeps gaining on gold’s territory. Over the last year, bitcoin surged over 1,400%, while gold remained at the $1,300 level. Moreover, as reported by CCN, Google search queries for  “buy bitcoin” surpassed those for “buy gold.”  Lee has in the past stated that  bitcoin is a good bet for millennials , after comparing this generation’s acceptance for cryptocurrencies as an investment to that of adopting gold among previous generations.  When asked if he would rather by bitcoin over stocks, Lee stated that “even on a risk-adjusted basis bitcoin is going to easily outperform the S &P.” On a near-term basis, Lee sees bitcoin reclaim its December all-time high close to the $20,000 mark. If the cryptocurrency can get to that level in the first half of the year, Lee said, he sees it making an even bigger move in the second half of 2018.  As such, Lee concluded, bitcoin is “something you should own [all year].” Lee, who was JP Morgan’s chief equity strategist from 2007 to 2014 before helping launch Fundstrat, had a  “conservative” $25,000 bitcoin price target for 2022  that has now seemingly been increased, if bitcoin performs as he expects it to this year.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrencies Will Come to a ‘Bad Ending’: Bitcoin Bear Warren Buffett Twitter  Legendary investor and billionaire Warren Buffett continues his bearish outlook on bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.  In a televised interview on  CNBC , Buffett was asked about JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon’s backpedaling take on bitcoin, after the latter expressed regret about calling bitcoin a ‘ fraud ’ last year.  Queried if he too would re-think his recent remarks on bitcoin – Buffett called bitcoin a “ real bubble ” following Dimon’s comments last year – the investing icon had this to say:  “In terms of cryptocurrencies, generally, I can almost say with certainty that they will come to a bad ending. ”  While predicting the demise of cryptocurrencies, Buffett went on to claim he’d bet on “every one of the cryptocurrencies” falling over the next five years. “But, I would never short a dime’s worth,” he added.  Probed further, Buffett stressed he wouldn’t take a negative position by trading bitcoin futures contracts, stating there’s “no reason” to do so. “Why in the world should I take a long or short position of something I don’t know anything about?” he quipped, admitting to knowing very little of cryptocurrencies.  “I have 11 schools coming on Friday [and] the questions will be on bitcoin, and I won’t know the answers,” Buffett added, preparing everyone else for more soundbites on cryptocurrencies this week.  Buffett’s take on cryptocurrencies, specifically bitcoin, is similar to another long-term bitcoin bear in JPMorgan’s Jamie Dimon. In September 2017, Dimon infamously said bitcoin was a “fraud”. “It’s worse than tulip bulbs,” Dimon continued in the same breath, adding “someone is going to get killed.” The Wall Street banker also threatened to fire employees trading cryptocurrenc ies, calling them “stupid” if they were to do so.  Dimon continues to be a non-believer, he revealed in remarks this week, but went on to state about that ‘fraud’ statement: “ I regret making them .”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   State Cryptocurrency ‘Petro’ is Illegal, Declares Venezuela’s Congress Twitter  Venezuela’s parliament, notably run by the opposition, has outlawed President Nicolas Maduro’s much-vaulted oil-backed national cryptocurrency, the petro.  It was December when controversial Venezuelan president Nicolás Maduro  first unveiled plans  for a national cryptocurrency, dubbed the petro, backed by the country’s massive oil reserves. Venezuela has the world’s largest oil reserves for any single country. The petro, Maduro said at the time, would also be backed by other commodities like gold and diamonds alongside oil. The petro would be useful to combat economic sanctions due to a ‘US-led blockade’, the Venezuelan  president claimed, helping the country regain access to global commerce.  Just days ago, Maduro announced  the issuance of 100 million petros , wherein each digital token will be directly valued to and backed by a single Venezuelan oil barrel. At effectively $6 billion in current prices, the issuance will come in the days following Maduro’s other announcement – the petro’s first national meeting of miners planned on January 14.  Having panned the endeavor ever since its announcement, Maduro’s political opposition have now turned up their scrutiny of the petro by declaring it to be “a forward sale” of the country’s oil rather than a cryptocurrency.  In the Venezuelan capital of Caracas, the country’s opposition-run parliament on Tuesday claimed that any issue of the petro would violate constitutional requirements that mandates the legislature approve any borrowing against the country’s oil wealth. Legislators called the petro ‘an effort to illegally mortgage” Venezuela’s oil reserves.  As reported by  Reuters , legislator Jorge Milan stated:  “This is not a cryptocurrency, this is a forward sale of Venezuelan oil. It is tailor made for corruption. ”  In a series of  tweets , Milan summed up the petro as “illegal and unconstitutional”. Those “who invest in that illegal cryptocurrency should consider that when the country recovers, that money will not be used to solve the hunger of Venezuelans,” he added.  In another translated  tweet , the legislator added:  “This is a new fraud disguised as solutions to the crisis. Here the only novelty is that this inefficient Government wants to compensate the lack of production with these virtual barrels, generating new and illegal debt. ”  “Petro is a way of trying to cover the damage they did to the Venezuelan oil industry,” he added, before revealing that Venezuela owes oil to India and China while production has dropped in recent times.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin? The Dollar is the Real Bubble No One Talks About Twitter  The meteoric rise of Bitcoin in 2017 is by almost everyone dismissed as a bubble. But it is not the only one. In a world where stocks, bonds, objects of art, classic cars and real estate are also at record highs, an investor should ask himself a very important question. Why? Why we have this bubble across all asset classes simultaneously? Could it be that this is just a sign? B ut a sign of what? One answer is  “ The most worrying sign of the implosion of the current monetary system awash with debt and credit creation “. As dramatic as it may sound  – and likely be  – there are lots of signs for the attentive investor to notice.   Investing with a medium- to long-term horizon is all about looking at the big picture, at geopolitical shifts which slowly but irreversibly change consolidated equilibriums and move money around the world in and out of different asset classes. Recently,  Macrovoices.com  published an interview titled  “ Anatomy of the US dollar end-game ” with Jeffrey Snider (Alhambra Partners), Mark Yusko (Morgan Creek Capital) and Luke Gromen (The Forest for the Trees). By the way, Mark Yusko and Luke Gromen were also among the very few money managers who were right in making the call for a depreciating US dollar in 2017. This is a summary of the conclusions drawn, for an understanding of the arguments behind it, listen to t he full interview.    The Crisis of the Euro-dollar Market  According to  Jeffrey Snider , Head of Global Investment Research at  Alhambra Partners , the Euro-dollar market  – a short-term money market facilitating banks’ borrowing and lending of U.S. dollars outside the US  – does not function properly since 2007 and it has essentially morphed into a US dollar  “short squeeze ” generated by a scarcity of dollars. Even if this mechanically means tides of  “a rising dollar or a falling counterpart currency ” in the short term, it is not a net positive-bullish for the US dollar as a reserve currency. What happened in 2014 could happen again and would trigger another dangerous liquidity crisis at a moments notice.   The US Debt Problem  The US debt and unbalances have never been a problem. Up until the world economy runs with US dollars and world central banks keep buying treasuries and the world energy markets are priced in dollars, then there is no problem. But now, because of geopolitical shifts out of the US dollar and US treasuries, this debt starts to matter. And the most likely way to deal with the debt  problem for the US will be to ultimately devalue its currency, through inflation.    Abandoning the Petrodollar System  For  Mark Yusko  of  Morgan Creek Capital  and  Luke Gromen  of  Forest for the Trees , China and Russia are both actively seeking to reduce their dollar requirements. For them, the reliance on the dollar is a chronic problem that must be solved and it has morphed into a national security issue. Therefore they are moving in a number of directions to both increase the dollar supply, while at the same time decrease the dollar demand by  – for example  – repricing oil into CNY. They also do bilateral trade, as well as trade with African partners or other Eurasian countries along the OBOR (One Belt One Road), in non-dollar terms. Another example, the Chinese lent US dollars to African countries and were repaid in oil last year, basically converting Euro-dollars into oil. Since Russia (with Saudi Arabia) is the biggest oil prod ucer and China is the biggest consumer, the two partners have started in 2014 transacting oil in non-dollar terms. In addition, a new Oil Futures contract denominated in CNY was announced last year and started test trading in Shangai in December. As one of the interviewed puts it:  ” Oil has been the currency of choice to back up the US$ fiat since we closed the gold window. If the flow of oil could be persuaded by the efforts of the various nations not to be denominated in dollars, that will affect the world´s global financial flows more than anything else. Because oil is the world´s most traded and the largest dollar based commodity ”.  4 . The Role of Gold as a Neutral Settlement Asset  The idea is nothing new. Already in 2010, Robert Zoellik at the World Bank called for the biggest 5 currencies in the world to be linked to gold. In 2011 Dominque Strauss Kahn did the same as head of the IMF, calling for the link between SDR´s and gold. Luke Gromen highlighted that the news is that the Chinese are now actively moving in this direction. In 2013 they announced to  stop stockpiling US FX reserves and have imported physical gold. The same is valid for Russia and when this is linked to the oil trade, this may shift the oil trade from the Petrodollar to a new Oil-Gold system. As Luke Gromen puts it:  “Russia bought gold the whole time now – unlike in ‘98, unlike in ‘08 – and the price of one ounce of gold in oil barrels more than doubled. It went from 13 barrels of oil per one ounce of gold to 30 barrels of oil per ounce. So if Russia got say 1,000 tons, then guess what has happened to the value of their gold reserves in terms of their largest economic output, oil? They’re  richer. Their reserves rose. You see, what they’re doing makes their economy unsinkable and moves them irreversibly away from the dollar. And I think they’re being patient and playing the long term game. They know that all they’ve got to do is just continue doing this game and the dollar will collapse under its own weight. They don’t need to be aggressive. ”   Therefore patience seems to be the name of the game here for China and Russia. And they both know very well how to play it.    Effect on Asset Prices  There was also unanimous consent on the effect that these big monetary system transitions have on asset prices, in the sense that they are extraordinarily inflationary to the currency that’s losing status. Simply put, for Luke Gromen,  “what you’re seeing in equity markets, what you’re seeing in Bitcoin, what you’re seeing in Da Vinci ’s and what you’re seeing in real estate – the everything bubble – is a completely rational response to the dollar bubble ”.   Indeed, just note that the very same is at this moment happening to the stock market in Venezuela, as it has happened before in Argentina and in the Weimar republic.    Conclusions  When the discussion gets to the point of analyzing where we currently stand in this transition to a new monetary system or which will be the best road to it, the opinions are diverging. The followings are to be closely monitored to gauge how fast the demise of the dollar  – as the global reserve currency  – progresses:    the open interest and the volumes on the new CNY denominated Oil Futures contract, when it will start trading;   if the decoupling of the usual relationship between interest rate differentials and the dollar index continues like in 2017. In other words, if treasury yields are going up at the same time that the dollar index is going down, things are getting serious;   the holdings of US denominated reserves held by global central banks (and particularly by China, Russia and Saudi). Their holdings of US dollar-denominated reserves have peaked already in 2014 and have been on a slow but steady decline since then. Further declines will signal problems for the US to continue sustain its current levels of indebtedness;   If the  “everything asset bubble ” in the US keeps growing (emerging market style).   Finally, how should an investor invest in such a scenario? The three money managers agree to invest in gold, real assets, handpicked undervalued stocks and, hold your breath … yes, Bitcoin. Because the mother of all the bubbles could well be the dollar and not Bitcoin.  About the Author  Andrea Bianconi is an international business Lawyer with over two decades experience, a scholar of Austrian Economics, Monetary History and Geopolitics, a believer in the future of Blockchain based technologies and an active member of Berlin ’s cutting edge Blockchain Hub, a legal consultant to Blockchain businesses, an investor himself and online trader with interest in commodities, precious metals, currencies, Tech stocks and Cryptos.   https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrea-bianconi-blockchain-law/  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘Testnet Is So Boring’: TorGuard Accepts Bitcoin Mainnet Lightning Payments Twitter  Virtual private network (VPN) service TorGuard has begun accepting Lightning Network payments on the main bitcoin network, even though the technology has yet to receive an official production release.  TorGuard made the announcement on Twitter, stating that “testnet is so boring” and telling users to contact customer support for details on how to purchase the VPN service using a Lightning Network payment, and a reddit user  confirmed  that customer support was helping process these transactions.   Disclaimer: c-lightning is not production ready. TorGuard will cover loss of funds when sending us LN payments. Testnet is so boring.  — TorGuard (@TorGuard)  January 8, 2018   As CCN has  reported , the Lightning Network is a much-anticipated technology that will allow bitcoin users to execute near-instant transactions at virtually no cost. This is accomplished by building a layer of smart contracts on top of bitcoin.  Simply put, two users can establish and deposit coins into a payment channel and make transactions without having to publish payment information on the bitcoin blockchain. Although the transactions take place off-chain, the smart contracts will ensure that neither party can behave maliciously and remove the coins from the payment channel without the other party’s consent.  Though the Lightning Network has been in development for several years, anticipation for its official release has ramped up in recent months as bitcoin’s median  transaction fees have soared  as high as $34, according to data from BitInfoCharts (the median fee at the time of writing was $18).  It’s important to stress that although it is possible to set up a Lightning Network node on the mainnet, the software is not production ready and may contain bugs that could cause users to lose funds. TorGuard, however, said that it will cover the loss of funds when sending them payments using this nascent technology.  Despite the fact this technology is still in testing, TorGuard is not the first company to accept mainnet payments over the Lightning Network. In December, Lightning Network developer Alex Bosworth completed a mainnet transaction with mobile top-up service Bitrefill while at the company’s offices.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Microsoft Restores Bitcoin Payments after Temporary Pause Twitter  Hardware and software giant Microsoft reportedly brought back bitcoin payments after “working to ensure lower amounts would be redeemable.” Per  news.com.au,  a company spokeswoman released a statement revealing the move after working with its provider, presumably to ensure customer satisfaction wasn’t affected by the bitcoin network’s current high fees and volatility.  As reported earlier this week, Microsoft surprised the cryptocurrency community by quietly  halting bitcoin payments . The move, first reported by  Bleeping Computer , was confirmed by the company’s customer support team to CCN.  According to a company spokesperson, Microsoft seemingly decided to halt bitcoin payments in July 2017, due to “multiple issues” they were receiving. When pressed, customer support revealed a problem with processing bitcoin payments. Despite Microsoft’s move, a  how-to page  remained up its website explaining how users could top up their accounts with the cryptocurrency.  The how-to page, and the lack of an official announcement, led many to believe Microsoft restore bitcoin payments in the future. This was notably not the first time the  tech giant halted bitcoin payments , as in 2016 it announced the cryptocurrency was no longer accepted. Little after publishing the announcement, the company apologized for what it deemed “inaccurate information” and revealed the  flagship cryptocurrency would still be accepted .  This time, once again, it didn’t take long for Microsoft to restore bitcoin payments. The company’s statement reads:  “We’ve restored bitcoin as a payment option in our store after working with our provider to ensure lower bitcoin amounts would be redeemable by customers.”  Microsoft began accepting bitcoin back in 2014 via BitPay. At the time, the move was met with much fanfare, as it joined other tech giants accepting the flagship cryptocurrency. The tech giant’s move comes at a time in which JP Morgan’s chief executive, Jamie Dimon,  admitted he “regrets”  his now infamous remark from last year, when he called bitcoin a “fraud.”  The move makes it clear Microsoft isn’t following Valve’s footsteps, as its popular gaming and digital distribution platform Steam  stopped  accepting bitcoin payments due to high fees and volatility last year. Per the company, the cryptocurrency’s fees could lead to “unreasonably high costs for purchasing games with bitcoin.”  Bitcoin’s is currently trading at $13,587, down from a $15,200 high yesterday. The cryptocurrency hit an all-time high in December last year, when it came close to the $20,000 mark, according to  CCN ’s price index .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   It is Not Possible to Arbitrage South Korea’s Cryptocurrency Premiums Without Breaking Laws Twitter  In December 2017, several Chinese traders were arrested for various charges including money laundering for taking advantage of the high premium values of cryptocurrencies in the South Korean market.  The traders sold millions of dollars worth of bitcoin for profit, given the high premium rate of bitcoin in South Korea, and brought the money back to China.  High Premiums For a Reason  Regularly, with the exception of a few days per week, the premium rate of the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market increases to at least 20 percent. All cryptocurrencies listed on fiat-to-cryptocurrency exchanges in South Korea such as Bithumb and Korbit are at least 20 percent more expensive than other markets.  The disparity in the trading price of cryptocurrencies between South Korean and other leading regions is caused by the lack of volume in South Korea and the country’s extremely strict capital controls. It is not possible for foreigners to open bank accounts within the country without permanent residency visa, and it is also not legal to carry more than $10,000 worth of fiat cur rency outside of South Korea.  As such, taking advantage of the South Korean market’s premium rates is not possible. The crackdown on foreigners in trading cryptocurrencies will make it even harder for traders outside of the South Korean market to try take advantage of the arbitrage opportunity.  In South Korea, and on local exchanges, traders need three important components to trade fiat-to-cryptocurrency. A mobile phone, a bank account, and verification. Foreign traders that have claimed they have been able to open accounts on Bithumb are either not verified or not allowed to process fiat-to-cryptocurrency trades, because in order to do so, a South Korean bank account  is necessary.  South Korean banks do not even provide bank accounts to the country’s citizens that do not have a stable source of income, job security, and wealth, because of the government’s crackdown on fraudulent bank accounts and offshore accounts.   Without a South Korean bank account –which is nearly impossible for a foreign trader to open without a permanent job or residential visa in South Korea –it is extremely difficult to send bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency to South Korea, take advantage of the premium rate, sell the cryptocurrency to South Korean won, and transfer it to elsewhere.   Here ’s why it is not possible to sell  #cryptocurrency  in Korea for arbitrage.  1. Foreigners are banned from trading crypto. 2. Korean mobile phone needed. Can ’t obtain without long-term visa. (not even prepaid) 3. Extremely difficult to obtain bank accounts, even for citizens.  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  January 8, 2018  The only way it could work is to have a South Korean trader with a fully verified account as a proxy. But, that would be illegal. Sending money outside of South Korea without notifying the authorities, especially if the sum of the amount is big, is in violation of the South Korea financial authority’s capital controls and anti-money laundering (AML) policies.  Highly Inefficient and Illegal  There exists a clear reason as to why the premiums in the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market are substantially higher than other regions. South Korean investors are not foolish to purchase cryptocurrency at higher rates, they simply do not have other choices.  Conclusively, taking advantage of the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market could lead to one of these three situations: violation of AML policies and financial regulations, extremely inefficient process of physically bringing $10,000 out of the country every time an arbitrage occurs, or putting a South Korean proxy trader at risk of illicit trading and financial activity .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Kodak ’s Blockchain Moment Sees New Cryptocurrency for Photographers Twitter  Former film and camera heavyweight Kodak has announced the upcoming launch of its own cryptocurrency, dubbed KODAKCoin. An initial coin offering (ICO) is scheduled to open at the end of January.  With an official  announcement  on Tuesday, US-based Eastman Kodak revealed that KODAKCoin will be “a photo-centric cryptocurrency to empower photographers and agencies” to seize greater control of their work’s image rights.  KODAKCoin will function as a currency and the cryptographic token used to power KODAKOne, an upcoming blockchain platform that will allow photographers to register archived and new work on an encrypted digital ledger before licensing it within the platform. In essence, photographers can receive payments for selling their work, as well as pay for licensing rights with the crypto currency.  Aside from providing a new revenue stream to photographers, Kodak says its blockchain platform will engage in ‘continual web crawling’ to constantly monitor and protect the intellectual property of images registered on the platform.  In a statement, Kodak CEO Jeff Clarke said:  “For many in the tech industry, ‘blockchain’ and ‘cryptocurrency’ are hot buzzwords, but for photographers who’ve long struggled to assert control over their work and how it’s used, these buzzwords are the keys to solving what felt like an unsolvable problem. Kodak has always sought to democratize photography and make licensing fair to artists. These technologies give the photo graphy community an innovative and easy way to do just that. ”  The blockchain platform and the cryptocurrency are developed by WENN Digital, a firm partnering Kodak for the latter’s crypto endeavor.  The move to create its own cryptocurrency is a notable initiative for Kodak, a 130-year-old company that struggled to transition from a former photography giant focused on film to a digital imaging company. The New York-based company filed for bankruptcy in early 2012 before  selling  its digital imaging patents to the likes to a number of companies including Apple, Google, Facebook, Microsoft and Samsung for over $500 million to stave off bankruptcy. Kodak has since emerged as a company focused on the corporate digital emerging market.  In addition to its cryptocurrency, Kodak will launch an initial coin offering on January 31, currently open to accredited investors in a handful of select countries including the US, UK and Canada. The ICO is compliant and “issued under SEC guidelines as a security token under regulation 506 (c) as an exempt offering,” Kodak added.  News of KODAKCoin and KODAKOne’s impending launch sent the company ’s shares soaring following its announcement yesterday. Kodak shares spiked from $3.10 on Tuesday to a Wednesday high of $13.04, data from  Yahoo Finance  shows.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Beijing Court Dismisses Lawsuit Against Bitcoin Exchanges Twitter  A Beijing district court dismissed a lawsuit against a group of Chinese bitcoin exchanges, ruling that in the absence of clear evidence that exchanges are operating illegally, individuals are responsible for their own trading behavior.  As first reported in the  Beijing Morning Post , a Mr. Wang lost RMB 400,000 (~$61,500) trading bitcoin. Faced with this misfortune, Wang attempted to sue a group of bitcoin exchanges  — the most notable which was Huobi, one of the region’s largest exchanges  — to recoup his losses.  Wang argued that, under the definition laid out in the first chapter of Karl Marx’s  Das Kapital , bitcoin should not be classified as a commodity. Marx wrote that a commodity must have both use-value and exchange-value, and Wang argued that since bitcoin does not exist it fails to meet this classification. Consequently, he said, his trades should be invalidated and the exchanges should return his funds.  However, the Beijing Haidian District Court judge ruled that the plaintiff provided no evidence that Huobi and the other exchanges were operating illegally, making him responsible for the risks associated with trading bitcoin.  “[There are] no laws that forbid the investment and trading of bitcoin,” the court stated, according to a translation from  cnLedger , “people have the right to freely participate in bitcoin tradings at their own risk.”  Nevertheless, the judge cautioned, bitcoin is not issued by the government and investors should not blindly follow trends.  The ruling came just months after central bank regulators  ordered the closure  of mainland bitcoin exchanges in China as a corollary to its  blanket ban on initial coin offerings  (ICOs), which was implemented several days prior.  Some exchanges left the mainland and set up shop elsewhere. Huobi, for instance, is now headquartered in Singapore and plans to branch out into Japan, while BTCC is now based out of London.  Recently, local media outlets have reported that regulators desire to  make China less hospitable  to cryptocurrency mining, which continues to have an outsized presence in the country. While not implementing an outright ban on the practice, they appear likely to ask local governments and utility providers to cease giving mining companies preferential treatment such as reduced electricity rates and tax incentives.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ripple Price Plunges 20% But Ethereum Continues to Rise in Shaky Market Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets made a bearish pivot on Wednesday, plunging nine of the 10 largest cryptocurrencies into negative territory. The ripple price bore the brunt of the blow and fell 20 percent to sink below the $2 mark, but the damage was not isolated to XRP. Ethereum, meanwhile, continued to advance toward record highs in spite of the poor performance of the wider marke ts.  Altogether, the combined value of all cryptocurrencies shed more than $28 billion, a four percent decline that reduced the  cryptocurrency market cap  to $700.3 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Drops Below $14,000  The  bitcoin price  posted yet another disappointing return following its weekend surge to $17,252, declining six percent to $13,789 on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex. At present, bitcoin ’s global average is holding just above $14,000, which translates into a market cap of $235.4 billion.  24-Hour Bitcoin Price Chart  Ethereum Price Continues to Float in a Heavy Market  The  ethereum price  continued its nearly weeklong trend of posting moderate increases as the wider markets tumble, and the second largest cryptocurrency briefly  surpassed the $1,400 mark  on several major exchanges. At present, ethereum is trading at $1,281 on Bitfinex, which constitutes a daily gain of six percent and places ethereum ’s market cap at $125.6 billion.  24-Hour Ethereum Price Chart  Ripple Price Plunges 20 Percent  Ripple ’s XRP, however, was not so lucky. The  ripple price  plunged by 20 percent on Wednesday, which was worst among top 10-cryptocurrencies. On Bittrex, the ripple price careened to a present value of $1.89, which was equivalent to its global average (excluding South Korea). Ripple now has a market cap of just $73.3 billion, placing it more than $50 billion behind ethereum in the race to achieve the second largest cryptocurrency valuation.  24-Hour Ripple Price Chart  Top Altcoins Engage in Near-Comprehensive Retreat  Although ripple ’s 20 percent decline was most severe among top-tier coins, its poor performance was far from an isolated concurrence. Apart from ethereum, every top 10-cryptocurrency returned a single-day decline, and several saw their prices fall by double-digit percentages.   The bitcoin cash price weathered the storm better than most, declining just one percent to $2,346. The cardano price, however, dove by 15 percent, which was second-worst among top 10-coins. Litecoin managed to stop the bleeding at four percent, which enabled it to wrestle the fifth spot in the rankings away from NEM, whose price dropped by 13 percent.  Stellar, ranked eighth, was unable to capitalize on NEM ’s misfortune because its price declined by 14 percent to $0.53. IOTA and EOS did not do much better, falling six percent and five percent to bring their prices to respective values of $3.41 and $8.71.  Dash, meanwhile, declined by four percent but successfully held its price above the psychologically-significant $1,000 mark.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Price Achieves New All-Time High at $1,410, Market Shifts From Ripple to Ether Twitter  Ethereum (Ether) has solidified its position as the second most valuable cryptocurrency in the market as it overtook Ripple (XRP) by a staggering $60 billion within a five-day period.   Ether Benefits From Ripple’s Downfall  Since January 4, the market valuation of Ripple decreased from $148 billion to $73 billion, falling by nearly 2-fold in a single week. On the contrary, the market valuation of Ethereum surged from $85 billion to $135 billion, recording yet another 15 percent increase in value today, on January 10.  The recent surge in the price of Ethereum can be largely attributed to the sell-off of XRP, which was likely triggered by the market’s concerns over the sudden spike in the market valuation of Ripple. The harsh criticism of Ripple by analysts such as ConsenSys entrepreneur-in-residence Ryan Selkis could also have led to the decline in confidence towards Ripple.  On December 29, Selkis noted that the majority of Ripple’s partner banks are not actually utilizing the Ripple network to process billions of dollars on a regular basis. Given that the transaction volume of Ripple and its network of banks can be only two factors that could possibly justify its market cap, the market’s interest in Ripple decreased in the short-term.  Selkis wrote:  “Per a source at one of the major banks re XRP: ‘I know of no banks that are a) using it, or b) would touch it in any way as it is controlled by a SV company and 20% of all XRP in existence were taken by the founders.  The product that Ripple are offering to banks is simply a point-to-point messaging tool with some smart cryptography underneath to ensure that transactions are atomic. The liquidity model used is the same as correspondent banking.”  In response to the criticism of Selkis and Nathaniel Poppers of The New York Times that banks are not utilizing the Ripple network to settle large volumes of transactions, Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse firmly stated that there are several banks regularly using the xRapid platform of Ripple to process payments at a large-scale.  “Over the last few months I’ve spoken with actual banks and payment providers. They are indeed planning to use xRapid (our XRP liquidity product) in a serious way. This is a sampling of what I heard:  We ran the costs on our end and see that this is 100 percent more efficient than what we’re doing now. The xRapid pilots all went perfectly. This is much more efficient than our process today. We’d like to move forward with xRapid today. This [XRP] is a much more efficient way to send money across borders than what we typically use today. There are plenty of small to medium sized banks out there that are hit hard by fees. They’d jump at the opportunity to send money directly and bypass those fees. ”  Still, regardless of the statement of Garlinghouse, the value of Ripple has fallen drastically over the past week and as a consequence, Ethereum has benefited from the shift in interest from XRP to the rest of the cryptocurrency market.  Ethereum’s Market Cap Can be Justified  Ethereum remains as one of the few blockchain networks that has a justifiable market valuation. Decentralized applications building on top of Ethereum such as CryptoKitties, 0x, EtherDelta, Status, and OmiseGo have obtained a large user base of actual users that process hundreds of thousands of transactions on a daily basis.  In the short-term, it is likely that the upward price trend of Ether will continue, as decentralized applications on the network perform well.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Community Is the Key to Breaking Search Engine Monopoly Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  This search monopoly can only be broken when the market witnesses the era of decentralisation coupled with the power of blockchain.  Presearch.org  is trying to make a difference in this arena with the beta version of Presearch, the blockchain based decentralised search engine already in place. As a competitor to giants like Google, Presearch is making its mark by offering comprehensive results from major search engines, giving customers an element of choice. As a community centric project, they plan to add to their user b ase  ten thousand more users by January 2018. The project will function as a goto search engine for crypto community and the general public. The Presearch crowdsale token buyers are also a part of this growing community that are experiencing a new gateway to the Internet.  Tokens foster participation, reward use  Imagine using a search engine of search engines, that can search through Google, Amazon, DuckDuckGo and other platforms in just one go but then also be rewarded to make the search. Presearch’s beta testers are already getting rewards of 8 PRE tokens per day. The Presearch (PRE) tokens will also be given out for running the Presearch browser extension, that will allow for crawli ng and indexing nodes to create the Presearch index as users surf web. This also solves problems associated with crawling and potential webmaster blocks. The token would reward community initiatives but also foster regular use.   The Presearch Token (PRE)  was successfully launched after the t oken sale  was concluded and more than US$ 16 mln raised in revenue. Now Presearch are deploying a strategy which they call the ‘gamification of search’. The token will not only be used to reward use and community contribution buy will go beyond that and will also be used for sponsorships and promotional placements. Partners who provide traffic would be rewarded using PRE. Members would  even be able to reward other members on the platform and thus it would be possible to encourage projects to be created based on the ecosystem created around PRE. Beta testers are invited to register at the Presearch  website  for signing up, while contributors can already explore  sharing their talents .  Some Facts and Figures about Presearch  Presearch is not your average search engine but it is based on the pillars of openness and transparency. It is an enabling platform that gives the power back to content creators, publishers as well as users. Driven by the community there is a high degree of democratisation at Presearch, which ensures that fairness is front and centre and no compromise about the cost of quality  content, which always gets the priority. Presearch.org is making rapid strides, Cointelegraph was informed that the project should have 25,000 users by end of Q1 2018 and by that time frame one million searches per month would be made by these users. Already 50 percent of beta users of Presearch have converted into being daily users and are generating more than 20 page views ea ch per day on average. The ranks of community are set to swell as there are 2,000 beta testers who are already waiting to test the search engine. Support is pouring in from advertisers as well, as we were informed by a Presearch.org spokesperson that discussions are on with major corporate brands include a high profile crypto company.   It takes a village to raise a search engine  Building a search engine is no small feat. The right people can make the difference. That is why industry leaders such as Rich Skrenta, the co-founder of the Open Directory Project (DMOZ) and Trey Grainger, author of Solr, the no. 1 book on open source search technology are already onboard the Presearch advisory team. It will be an uphill task for Presearch to take a slice of t he US$ 100 bln search market but with the efforts of the community that they are forging, it is quite practicable for them to leverage their approach of combining blockchain and search and make a success out of it.   Search needs community  Presearch as a project is community oriented and will allow for a search engine that is run through the inputs and skills of the community that surrounds it. In a press release made available to Cointelegraph they claim, “The vision is to create a platform that enables various constituents in the community to participate in the creation and ongoing maintenance of the search eng ine through an open source framework that will allow anyone to audit the code and ensure the platform is being operated in a fair and transparent way.” The search engine would benefit from skills of data scientists, subject matter experts and others who would all be able to use their unique skill sets to supplement the core index. This will ensure that the end product is more i ntelligent, relevant and user friendly.  
INCREASE	   The Pros and Cons of Bitcoin Gambling Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  According to  CCN , Bitcoin’s value is now almost $14,000. With this cryptocurrency’s quick and steady growth, it has become a viable digital currency. In fact, it is now widely accepted by a lot of shops, both online and offline. However, it’ not only used in purchasing services and goods but also in gambling.  Gambling is such a big industry that, in 2016, people in the US have lost $116.9 billion on casinos. Experts predict that this number will increase now that the betting industry has established a strong hold in the online world, and cryptocurrencies like the Bitcoin is making online transactions quicker and easier.  If you are looking for a  Bitcoin casino , you’ll have no trouble looking for one. But before you sign up, make a deposit, and place your first bet, it’s advisable that you first understand the pros and cons of bitcoin gambling.   Here are the pros of bitcoin gambling:  It’s anonymous.  The best thing about blockchain technology is that it keeps its users anonymous. This means that when you make transactions with the casino, they won’t get any personal information from you. The money you pay can’t be traced back to you either.   It’s secure.  Unlike credit card payments,  Bitcoin payments are safer  because you don’t need to go through a third party payment facility. It’ll be just like paying actual money in a real Vegas casino, except it’s online.   It has smaller fees.  You can directly send bitcoins from your wallet to the casino’s. Since the casino doesn’t need the help of a third party payment facility, they don’t have to charge high transaction fees anymore.   Here are the cons of bitcoin gambling:   Its value fluctuates.  We all know that the price of Bitcoin has been going up and low from time to time. If the price isn’t steady, then you might get little when you convert your fiat currency to Bitcoin. For example, if the price of Bitcoin goes up as compared to the Dollar, you’ll need to spend more Dollars to get a fixed amount of Bitcoins to pay for your casino betting.   It requires expert knowledge.   While some of us already has some experience in transacting with Bitcoin, a lot of people still don’t know how. This is because you need some technical know-how to compute the currency and securely store it in a wallet. You also need to be time to learn how to transfer your Bitcoins to the casino as payment.   Now that you know the pros and cons of bitcoin gambling, do you think it’s a cool idea to use the cryptocurrency to bet? If you know a great deal about Bitcoin, then you will find that it is the most convenient payment option for online gambling. In fact, when you think about it, cryptocurrency can create a sustainable working relation with online gambling markets. Online casinos promote their use, and they can help create the most secure transactions.   
INCREASE	   ¥300 Million: Japan’s First Crypto Fund to Invest in Bitcoin, Cryptocurrencies Twitter  Japanese financial information provider Fisco will launch a cryptocurrency fund worth over300 million yen ($2.66 million) to invest in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies this month.  Tokyo-based Fisco, a research and information prover covering stocks, foreign exchanges, bonds and commodities within and beyond Japan, is set to open an investment fund specific to cryptocurrencies. According to a  Nikkei  report, the information provider will invest its own money aside from raising capital from other two unnamed publicly-listed FinTech companies with a launch target of over 300 million yen (approx. $2.66 million).  The first-of-its-kind fund in Japan will focus on investments in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies and is reportedly set to launch before the end of January. Fisco is aiming for a target of 20% in investment returns from the fund, every year.  Further, the fund will also seek to make profits through arbitrage opportunities by looking into price differentials of cryptocurrencies among domestic and foreign exchanges.  Fisco has been an early mover in researching and adopting cryptocurrencies. Earlier in August 2017, the information provider’s cryptocurrency unit issued three-year debt worth 200 bitcoins (approx. $800,000 at the time), to another firm under the Fisco group. Fisco’s chief product officer Masayuki Tashiro revealed the intent of the cryptocurrency debt sale was to explore the bi tcoin bonds’ potential as a viable fundraising tool. The deal, also thought to be the first of its kind in the country, followed legislation in April that effectively recognized bitcoin as a legal method of payment in the country.  Tashiro said at the time:  “We expect that bitcoin will eventually be recognized as a financial product.”  If bitcoin were to be included as a financial instrument under local laws, it would boost Fisco’s business with new financial offerings. “[I]f we play a role of arranger, we could earn fees,” Tashiro added.  Fisco isn’t alone in having bullish expectations for bitcoin as a financial instrument in Japan. MUFG, Japan’s largest financial institution, is gearing to  launch a service  to secure bitcoin adopters against losses suffered by cryptocurrency exchanges. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust, the group’s trust bank, has already applied for relevant patents and is geared for a tentative launch in April 2018, after Japan’s financial regulator recognizes bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as financial assets akin to securities and real estate that can be placed and se cured in a trust.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Blockchain Technology Unlocks New Sources of Income: Get Paid to Browse Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  One of the more interesting aspects of the rise of cryptotechnology is not just the investment potential or the ease and privacy of use, but also the new possibilities it offers for a wide range of activities. Put simply, there are new business models and kinds of interaction possible now that were impossible before  – blockchain technology offers both quantitative as well as qualitative advantages.  This is coming at a very opportune time. At the moment the pace of technological change is rapid, and we will soon see a new breed of blockchain-native solution come to the fore. Consider for example the Big Data revolution. Companies use analytics to make ever-more precise models of consumer behaviour and persona.   This is a marketer’s dream, allowing product development and advertisement to accurately resonate with the customer. This is the dynamic that underpins Google’s success, and in many ways data is very important to the world economy..  So why don’t more people know about the value of data? This is because of the difficulty of selling data. By its very nature, data is hard to put a value on, it is hard to gather (since it is spread over multiple platforms), and it is hard to manage. This means that while there is a lot of value generated while you use the internet, only a very small percentage can be successfu lly sold to researchers  – and furthermore this process is controlled by a few small companies.  This looks set to change thanks to Blockchain technology. As mentioned, blockchain can be a game changer in that it enables more secure and complex online transactions. A project called  Data Wallet  is looking to harness these features of blockchain technology to allow internet users to easily make money from going about their business online.   Why data is so tricky  Despite the value inherent in user data, until now it has been an underdeveloped asset. As things stand, most data is collected and sold by data brokerages. This usually does not result in any payment to the data creator, since the data is usually spread over multiple different sources of data which makes a convenient marketplace almost impossible.  Furthermore, this results in a poorer quality product for the data consumers. Since the data is fragmented in different sources, the companies trying to gain insight into consumer behaviour can’t easily identify exactly which data matches with which user across platforms. So they use probabilistic modelling to get a rough idea of what each data creator actually does.  This is made more difficult since privacy concerns limit what identifiers can be sold with the data. Take for example a financial planning or banking app. The owner of the app might want to sell on the user generated data to a marketing firm. However, because the privacy conditions in the T+Cs of the app, things like your age or the city you live in will not be shared.  And this is for good reason, since privacy is important. But what if you could allow users to control what data was being sold? Then they could opt to share more for payment if they wanted to. And it would give them a slice of the value that is being exchanged on brokerages anyway.  Ending disenfranchisement of data creators  The creators of Data Wallet saw the ways that blockchain technology can solve this problem. Firstly, blockchains are ideal for managing the kinds of complex micropayments needed for paying for data. Secondly, the decentralized nature of blockchain allows users to aggregate their data across silos and create a complete profile that can be sold to data consumers. Also, the smart- contract ready nature of the technology means that the whole process can be managed easily by the user themselves, while also facilitating payment.  A platform preparing for takeoff  Data Wallet  has been in development for a couple of years, and the design of the platform and its underlying token (DXT), as well as a mobile app and the marketplace has been in the making since then. Well-known VC Tim Draper is one of the founders, which should give a lot of confidence to users and investors. The whitelist pre-sale of the DXT token is coming soon.  
INCREASE	   AppCoins Protocol Allows Direct Rewards to Users for Attention and In-App Purchases Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Every significant disruption often serves as an eye-opener to the affected community, rendering previous systems redundant and exposing existing flaws therein.  Google play and the Apple store have been the darlings of commercial apps society until Blockchain technology is now leading the community to more efficient and cost effective ways for developers and app users to enjoy more benefits of the industry.  The bane of middlemen  Such platforms as mentioned above and other non-popular systems have served as intermediaries between app developers and users, playing roles of interfaces that permit end users to download and use these apps while charging fees for the services they render. Apparently, the cost of these services are borne by the developers and users as they are implicated into the billing fabric.  Eliminating middlemen is a  trademark characteristic of Blockchain technology  and this is enabled by bringing everyone who is involved in a given project, either as a developer of a user to a common platform where they can interact directly and share value at the minimal cost.  AppCoins  is no different as it is a protocol that is designed with the goal of creating a transparent and trustworthy app economy where users can directly access the app stores without unnecessary middlemen. This  protocol creates a shared ecosystem among all app stores, aiming to be a game changer in the industry, making all processes more transparent and more profitable for anyone involved, from developer to the end user and even the manufacturers.  A new system emerges  The AppCoins protocol is aimed at replacing the existing CPI (Cost Per Installation) system with a more effective CPA (Cost Per Attention) system. This innovation will eliminate middlemen and allow the developer to reward users directly, for spending a minimum of 2 minutes inside the app. It will also discourage the the rude advertising systems of mostly unwanted pop-ups on user platforms.  The system will also allow rewards earned by users to be stored in their wallets and will be available to use for In-App purchases. Also, not only will acquiring new users be cheaper than before, but developers will get 85% share of what users spend on in-game purchases, comparing to the existing 70%.  An existing marketplace  The creators of  AppCoins , Aptoide have one of the largest app stores worldwide dedicated to the users of Android-powered devices. This is an automatically huge market that world provide an implementation environment for the AppCoin tokens. With over 12,000 developers and 200 million users signed up, Aptoide app store has witnessed over 4 billion app downloads, and it has entered into partnerships with some of the leading mobile phone manufacturers. Its global presence as an Android marketplace has given the App Store valuable insights with regard to the needs of the current app store model, leading it to develop a solution that could bring unforeseen value to users, developers and manufacturers.  The growth of mobile technology is powered by the app economy. The Android platform has proved itself as one of the most important innovations of the era of mobile technology. Combining this system with the emerging blockchain technology is an innovation whose benefits would apparently know no limits.   Efficiency, cost effectiveness, trust and transparency are fundamental elements that are needed in the emerging tech markets. Combining these elements with the  market spread offered by Aptoide, and the the liquidity and flexibility of the  AppCoin  tokens presents the ecosystem with a solution that will be embraced by all.  
INCREASE	   New York Stock Exchange Files to List Leveraged Bitcoin ETFs Twitter  The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) has filed to list five leveraged exchange-traded funds that track the price of bitcoin (bitcoin ETFs) on its Arca trading platform.  NYSE Files to List Leveraged Bitcoin ETFs  According to documents ( PDF ) filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and dated Jan. 4, the NYSE hopes to list five bitcoin ETFs created by Direxion Asset Management, a fund provider that has about $12.5 billion under management, per data from its website.  Launched under the Direxion Daily Bitcoin banner, the funds are titled: Bear 1X, 1.25X Bull, 1.5X Bull, 2X Bull, and 2X Bear.  As their names suggest, the value of bull shares will increase or decrease along with the price of  bitcoin futures , while the value of bear shares will increase when the price of bitcoin futures declines but decrease when bitcoin futures become more valuable.  Direxion ETFs Will Multiply Bitcoin Price Movements  If approved by the SEC, these funds will provide investors with the potential to achieve outsized gains versus investing directly in the bitcoin futures markets, but they will not be for the faint of heart, as they will introduce more risk into an already volatile market.  Like all of the bitcoin ETFs that have been proposed in recent weeks, the Direxion funds will seek to track the price of bitcoin futures contracts on a daily basis. However, unlike most of those ETFs, every Direxion fund except for Bear 1X will exercise leverage in a bid to multiply investor returns.  As the filing explains, these funds will target  “investment results (before fees and expenses) that correlate positively to either 125%, 150%, or 200% the daily return of the target benchmark, ” depending on the amount of leverage exercised by each fund.  For example, this means that for every one percent increase in the price of bitcoin futures, the share price of 2X Bull will increase by two percent, while the share price of 2X Bear will decrease by two percent.  The NYSE ’s desire to list these products is somewhat surprising, given that Intercontinental Exchange (ICE)  — the exchange ’s parent company  — had  expressed hesitation  to list bitcoin futures products themselves. However, ICE does not appear to have the same concerns about ETFs, and it has  already filed  to list both long and short bitcoin ETFs from well-known fund provider ProShares.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)ccn.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   $6 Billion Oil-Backed Cryptocurrency: Venezuela’s President Orders Issue of 100 Million Petros Twitter  Venezuelan president Nicolás Maduro has announced the issuance of 100 million petros, the state’s proposed upcoming national cryptocurrency backed by its oil reserves, the world’s largest by any country.  Venezuela’s national cryptocurrency, the petro, will soon see its first issuance after Maduro’s mandate to issue 100 million units of the digital tokens. Each petro will be directly valued to a single barrel of oil, reports the  El Nuevo Herald . At an average of just under $60 per barrel at the time of his announcement, the total value of 100 million petros would be just under $6 billion.  In a state television address, Maduro stated:  I have ordered the emission of 100 million petros with the legal sustenance of Venezuela’s certified and legalized oil wealth. Every petro will be equal in value to Venezuela’s oil barrel.  Following his announcement last week, Venezuela’s first ever national meeting of petro ‘miners’ will convene on January 14, a date when the petro is formally presented. The issuance of the 100 million petros will take place via ‘virtual currency exchange houses that are currently in a trial period’ according to the report.  As  reported  by CCN in December, Maduro first announced the cryptocurrency as a means to evade and circumvent economic sanctions and the “financial blockade” imposed by the U.S. president Trump’s administration. In August, the US government enforced crippling financial sanctions that have proved a blockade in Venezuela’s access to international banks and global finance.  The petro will also be backed by other commodity reserves like gold and diamonds, Maduro added. The announcement by the Venezuelan leader was met with criticism by his political opponents who dismissed the endeavor as a fanciful idea at a time when Venezuela continues to suffer hyperinflation amid severe food shortages and a deepening economic recession.  That hasn’t stopped Maduro from bullishly  announcing the superintendence  of the petro in the days before Christmas 2017 by setting up a sperate body to ‘govern’ the cryptocurrency and its transactions.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   South Korea ’s Biggest Banks Face Inspection into Cryptocurrency Accounts: Report Twitter  South Korean authorities are reportedly launching inspections into bank accounts related to cryptocurrency exchanges to crack down on money laundering and speculative trading.  According to Korean publication  Yonhap , South Korea’s Financial Intelligence Unit (KoFIU) and the Financial Supervisory Service (FSS) are jointly inspecting banking accounts provided to cryptocurrency exchanges in six major local banks.  The report cites a senior official from state regulator Financial Services Commission (FSC) in revealing that KoFIU – Korea’s watchdog for money laundering and terrorist financing, and the FSS – the financial watchdog under the FSC, will carry out an ‘intensive probe’ into accounts between Monday and Thursday this week.  The six banks under the scanner are Woori Bank, Kookmin Bank, Shinhan Bank, NongHyup Bank, Industrial Bank of Korea and Korea Development Bank. The first four banks are Korea’s largest banks by assets while the latter two are government-run banks.  Specifically, the two authorities will check if the banks have been compliant with obligatory money laundering reporting protocols after offering services to the country’s local exchanges. The senior FSC official estimated a total of 111 bank accounts related to cryptocurrency exchanges with an estimated 2 trillion won ($1.8 billion) in combined deposits. ‘Each account is presu med to have generated up to millions of virtual accounts’, an excerpt from the report added.  Further, the inspections coincide with a wider agenda of curbing fiat inflows into exchanges and even shutter cryptocurrency exchange operators evading  recently mandated rules  through loopholes, part of authorities’ ever-increasing scrutiny of cryptocurrency trading in Korea.  As reported by CCN recently, the Korean government moved to propose a  ban on all anonymous trading of cryptocurrencies  like bitcoin in an ongoing crackdown on money laundering and financial fraud. “We will…resolutely respond to such crimes by slapping maximum sentences possible on offenders,” the government said in a late December statement, adding that authorities would “leave all policy options open, including closure of a cryptocurrency exchange when deemed necessary.”  The new rules will only allow trading for investors with matching account names at their banks and cryptocurrency exchanges. The complete ban on anonymous ‘virtual accounts’, to comply with ‘know your customer’ norms, is  set to commence  on January 20, 2018.   Kookmin Bank image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   SME Focused P2P Lending Crowd Genie to Build Blockchain Asset Exchange Twitter  This is a sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  As peer-to-peer lending revolutionizes much of the finance industry, Crowd Genie, a Singapore registered P2P lending platform, presents its vision for an Asia-wide blockchain asset exchange with an ICO this month. The entire ecosystem consists of three parts – Digital Passport, Tokenized Lending and Asset Exchange. The Crowd Genie Asset Trading Exchange will democratize trading  and allow asset fractionalization and investment in infrastructure, stocks, cryptocurrency, and bonds across Asia and the world.   P2P Lending Expands  Peer-to-peer lending has become the best way to finance debt, enabling loan seekers and providers to borrow or lend without an intermediary.  The process also provides a faster system of authorization compared to the traditional lending industry. The P2P lending industry is currently expanding at a rapid pace because it gives small businesses access to credit that they normally don’t have. Small businesses only get 25% of small business loans in the U.S.; three quarters of small business loans never get approved.  On the flip side, retail investors are discouraged in the existing lending market. The average investor needs a minimum of $200,000 to invest in a small part of a loan. Fees for bonds and funds that invest in smaller amounts are high and consume a high portion of the yields.  In addition, the pricing of traditional lending is not transparent. The pricing is often based on what an investment manager or bank considers the lowest price they think the borrower can tolerate.  With blockchain technology, people in different countries can view and assess borrowers, while the cross-border market ensures that the borrowers can achieve a fair interest rate.  Blockchain technology will also encourage nano-size lending, as tokens can allow a loan to be broken into as small a size as necessary – such as $100, and be managed cost effectively. A small lender can invest in a loan and not be charged high fees and make a good return on the investment.  Blockchain technology also provides reconciliation and transaction handling that banks presently perform, but at a much lower cost.  The Crowd Genie ecosystem includes a digital passport on the Ethereum blockchain that verifies both borrowers and lenders, for whom it provides instant blockchain based transactions.  The Case For Crowd Genie  The Crowd Genie ICO claims the following attributes:  Partnership : Crowd Genie works with the top five legal firms in Singapore as well as a reputable KYC provider and a regional debt collection agency.  Regulated : The company is regulated with the Singapore MAS, holding a “Dealing in Securities” license that affirms its internal operations process is compliant and robust.  Operational : In the past 12 months, Crowd Genie has achieved a 22% portfolio return and a 0% default rate with a portfolio worth $1 million.  Protection : The company is among the first if not the first in Asia to provide provisional fund “GenieShield” as an initiative to protect lenders in the event of a default or delay.  Efficient : An artificial intelligence engine extracts data and accesses the borrower’s credit worthiness that constantly back tests and rebalances.  Revolutionary : Crowd Genie has an end-to-end lending without borders solution from integrating digital passport, tokenized lending and asset exchange blockchain.  ICO To Begin  The soft cap is set at $ 5 mil and the hard cap at $ 35 mil. Once the soft cap is met, the ICO will be considered as successful.  Additional funds will be utilized to expedite expansion into other regions such as applying for securities licenses in other countries, setting up new offices, recruiting more experts and expanding the loan book.  Only Ethereum (ETH), bitcoin (BTC) or USD via PayPal or debit/credit cards are accepted.  The Pre-ICO will end on Jan. 31 and the crowd sale will end on Feb. 28, 2018.  Bonus rates are as follow: Pre – ICO : 50% Day 1 to 14 : 25% Day 15 to 21 : 15% Day 22 to 29 : 5%  The token sale will be run by an Ethereum smart contract.  Funds will be allocated as follows: • 45% on listings investment • 30% on hiring and team expansion • 10% on regulatory and compliance expenses • 15% on business development and other overheads  When the ICO ends, CGCOIN token holders will be able to use the tokens by converting them into fiat on any of the exchanges where CGCOIN is listed, then use the funds to invest in listings on  www.crowd-genie.com  (Terms and conditions apply).  The portfolio return to date has been 22%.  ICO Referral Program Added  Crowd Genie recently launched an ICO referral program to reward those who spread the word. The referral bonus is 5% through Jan. 31. Participants have the opportunity to earn a higher referral fee each time a referral purchases tokens in the new year. Participants must encourage friends to buy the tokens before Jan. 31, 2018. The payment for the referral fee will be in the same currency as the one used to purchase the tokens. This is unique, as most ICOs pay in tokens only.  To learn more about the referral program, visit  https://medium.com/@genieico/launch-of-genie-icos-referral-program-12b192b2ee12  
INCREASE	   Microsoft No Longer Accepts Bitcoin, Customer Support Confirms Twitter  On the r/Bitcoin subreddit, it’s all about Microsoft and Bitcoin, as the tech giant seemingly stopped accepting the flagship cryptocurrency, according to various top threads. One  points to  Microsoft following  Steam’s footsteps  in no longer accepting Bitcoin. The rumor stems from a  Bleeping Computer  article that claims the software and hardware giant did halt Bitcoin payments.  On top of the thread, an r/Bitcoin admin stickied a post stating various users tried to find the Bitcoin payment option, but were unable to. His comment notes he believes it’s “clear that small retail payments don’t make economic sense for Bitcoin right now,” and that although everything points to the rumor being true, it is still unverified as there was no official statement o n Microsoft’s end.  Another  top thread on Reddit  claims Microsoft does still accept Bitcoin payments, and that shills are just trying to fill the subreddit with fear, uncertainty, and doubt (FUD). Per this thread, Microsoft allows users to add a predetermined amount of dollars to their balance using Bitcoin, so the tech giant does indirectly accept the flagship cryptocurrency.  So, which is it? To find out, we at CCN decided to try to make a purchase using Bitcoin. We quickly found out the Bitcoin payment option wasn’t there. Refusing to pay with fiat, we contacted customer support.  Does Microsoft still accept Bitcoin?  Chatting with Microsoft’s customer support, we were told the company no longer accepts Bitcoin as a payment option. Notably, the company has seemingly decided to stop accepting the cryptocurrency since July 2017.   Give the unsatisfactory answer we were given, we pressed the issue and were connected to a member of the Higher support from Microsoft’s Accounts and Billing team. He confirmed Microsoft has stopped accepting Bitcoin due to “multiple issues we are receiving with regards to it.” When pressed, he revealed that “there ’s no other information cascaded to us on why Microsoft stopped accepting Bitcoin as a payment info aside from the problem processing the payments.”  Microsoft still has a  how-to page  on its website explaining how users can top up their accounts with Bitcoin. Asked about this, we were told the process no longer works, as Microsoft stopped accepting Bitcoin.  Given that the company updated its systems to stop accepting the cryptocurrency back in July, when Bitcoin was still at about $2,500, we asked if the move was due to a lack of customer demand. We weren’t given a lot of details, but we were told “3 out of 5 customers” were currently having issues with Bitcoin. Microsoft support further revealed that the company has “3 escalations that the redeem Bitcoin is not reflecting on their Microsoft account.”  It seems the cryptocurrency community is already making it clear people want to use Bitcoin as a payment method. As for our purchase, we refused to pay with fiat, and asked if this was about the current problems Bitcoin’s network is facing, and if the company will accept Bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency in the future. Here’s the answer we got:   Not the first time  It’s worth noting this isn’t the first time Microsoft stops accepting Bitcoin. As reported by CCN, the software and hardware giant  put the breaks on cryptocurrency payments i n 2016, Little after the company’s move started making headlines, it apologized for what it deemed “inaccurate information,” and revealed  Bitcoin would still be accepted.  At the time, the how-to detailing the process used to add money to a user’s account using Bitcoin was still active, just like it still is now. Given that there was no official announcement so far, some suspect this may all be another flop.  Microsoft originally started accepting Bitcoin  via BitPay in December 2014.  At the time, the move was met with much fanfare, as the company joined the ranks of other large companies like Dell, Newegg and TigerDirect in accepting Bitcoin.  Reach out to Francisco Memoria via Twitter  @FranciscoMemor  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   As Crypto Market Sees Hard Correction Overnight, Community Points to CoinMarketCap Twitter  The cryptocurrency market took a sharp downward turn last night, as prices across the board plunged and sellers looked to liquidation to recoup their losses.  Between approximately 11:00pm CST on January 7th and 10:00am CST on January 8th, cryptocurrency ’s total market cap fell 14%, dropping from $814bln to $700bln throughout Monday morning.  While all assets took a hit, some suffered more than others.  Ripple, for instance,  lost nearly $50bln  from its market cap, as Ethereum supplanted it as #2 on  Coin Market Cap .  Coin Market Cap to Blame?  The precipitous price drop was a bit too steep a bit too quick for some, and skeptics have taken to social media platforms to say that this is a product of Coin Market Cap, not organic price fluctuations.  In a Reddit post  to r/cryptocurrency, for example, u/dzigiord makes the argument that Coin Market Cap removed South Korean exchanges from their price prediction models sometime between the late hours of Sunday and the early hours of Monday.  Reacting to this change, Coin Market Cap’s prices and graphs were thrown into an immediate nosedive, as Korean markets like Bithumb and Coinone make up a  significant share of the market.  As u/dzigiord pointed out, these prices are often much higher than their western counterparts, as South Korean exchanges have substantial premiums for fiat to crypto trading pairs.  When western sellers saw the artificial drop, the original poster continues, they began to sell their currencies “ to ‘cut loses’ because of the false impression that [sic] coin is crashing.”  Other users chimed in with additional explanations that factor into u/dzigiord ’s own.  As u/Omario explained , “[a] large portion of trading is controlled by bots, if lots of bots are using [Coin Market Cap] APIs (and there ’s probably a lot) it would explain what is happening. ”  Crypto enthusiasts took to Twitter to echo these sentiments, including Bitcoin Foundation co-founder Charlie Shrem, who cited u/dzigiord’s post:   Was wondering why $100B left the market today. Here’s my answer  https://t.co/Ta9PCgF63w  — Charlie Shrem (@CharlieShrem)  January 8, 2018    More info on the  https://t.co/f6pmK8jYLz  glitch with Korean exchanges under maintenance that crashed this mornings markets and caused mass panic among investors. Expect things to stabilize today.  https://t.co/Tq8PY4D1QQ  — ✞Hunter Johnson, The Chaos Crypto Lord of Christ✞ (@getREQtbro)  January 8, 2018   Giving Credence to These Claims  A quick review of chart and market viewers on Coin Market Cap seems to agree with the community’s prognostications.    Looking at Ripple, one of the major casualties of this debacle, we can see that the prices for South Korean exchanges  are excluded  from the currency’s data.  Excluded data are denoted by asterisks, and if we look at markets for other coins, such as  Bitcoin  or  Bitcoin Cash , the result is the same.  Moreover, if we look at the charts for crypto’s total market cap and, say, Ripple ’s own at the time that the exchange’s were supposedly removed, we see a sharp drop in price.  Unlike organic price dips, these are recorded as practically vertical corrections, corroborating the claim that the immediate fall in market value was spurred on by Coin Market Cap ’s removing South Korean data from their website.    At press time, it appears as though the market is bouncing back, sitting at a less worrisome $722bln.  Coin Market Cap did not immediately respond to CCN’s request for comment.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Surges 15% to New Historic High, Trading Over $1,800 in South Korea Twitter  The price of Ether, the native cryptocurrency of Ethereum, has surged by more than 15 percent overnight, achieving a new all-time high at $1,266.  New All-Time High at $1,266  Four days ago, on January 4,  CCN previously reported  that the price of Ether established a new all-time high at $1,000, surpassing the $1,000 for the first time in its two-year history. The market valuation of Ethereum surpassed a staggering $100 billion, becoming the third cryptocurrency to do so apart from bitcoin and Ripple.  Merely four days later, on January 8, Ether demonstrated another major increase in value, reaching $1,266 across all global exchanges such as Binance and Bittrex.   The latest rally of Ether has been led by the South Korean market and leading cryptocurrency exchanges within it, including Bithumb, Korbit, and Coinone. Within the South Korean global market, the price of Ether surpassed $1,800, demonstrating a $534 premium over the global average price. That is, a 29.6 percent premium over the global average Ether price.  On Bithumb, the Seoul-based cryptocurrency exchange which recently became the second largest trading platform behind Binance, Ethereum is the third most traded cryptocurrency with a $378 million daily trading volume.   Cryptocurrencies on Bithumb, South Korea ’s largest exchange  No specific event or movement has led to the increase in the price of Ether over the past few days. The transaction volume and developer activity of Ethereum have been on the rise in general, given that the Ethereum network is currently settling more than 1.2 million transactions per day. The rise in the user activity on the Ethereum network could have led to the price increase of Ether in the short-term.  But, in consideration of the abrupt surge in demand from the South Korean market, it is likely that FOMO or fear or missing out drove the recent price surge of Ether, as the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market is strongly driven by FOMO.  One minor factor that could have also triggered an increase in demand for Ether is the rise of adoption of decentralized applications like CryptoKitties and EtherDelta that have demonstrated the potential of Ethereum in peer-to-peer digital asset trading.   Arbitrage? Think Again  Although the price of cryptocurrencies in the South Korean market is significantly higher than the global average rates, it is not possible for foreigners to take advantage of the arbitrage opportunity in the South Korean market for many reasons:  Investors need mobile phone numbers to register on South Korean exchanges. South Korean telecoms do not issue (even prepaid sim cards) to individuals without Korean citizenship, residential visa, or work visa. Investors need bank accounts. But, banks do not open bank accounts to foreigners without residential or work visa. Banks make it hard for citizens to open accounts as well, due to the governments’ recent crackdown on offshore banking accounts and fraudulent bank accounts. The South Korean government has banned foreigners and underaged investors from investing in cryptocurrencies. South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges cannot accept foreigners into their trading platforms.  Conclusively, the prices of cryptocurrencies in the South Korean market are high because of capital controls. The South Korean market is isolated from the global market and foreigners are not allowed in it. Conversely, South Korean traders cannot open accounts overseas without proper paperwork.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Telegram Plots Record-Setting ICO that Could Raise Billions Twitter  Encrypted messaging startup Telegram is preparing to launch a blockchain-based cryptocurrency. The project will be bootstrapped through an initial coin offering (ICO) that could shatter records with a multi-billion dollar token launch.  Telegram to Launch  ‘Third Generation ’ Blockchain and Cryptocurrency  “Gram,” which will function as the native currency of the Telegram Open Network (TON), will be integrated directly into the Telegram platform, enabling the platform to leverage the app’s 180 million users and sidestep some of the difficulty associated with reaching a critical mass of users.  The news was first reported by  TechCrunch , whose staff reviewed portions of Telegram’s 132-page whitepaper.  The document describes TON as a “third generation blockchain” that will consist of a master chain and 2-to-the-power-of-92 accompanying blockchains.  “Its most notable aspect is that it will have an  ‘Infinite Sharding Paradigm ’ to achieve scalability. Thus, TON blockchains aim to be able to  ‘automatically split and merge to accommodate changes in load ’. This would mean new blocks are generated quickly and  ‘the absence of long queues helps keep transaction costs low, even if some of the services using the platform become massively popular, ’” The publication reports, citing the whitepaper.  The developers claim that TON can process 1 million transactions per second, which will keep transaction fees minimal and make Gram practical for micropayments.  Telegram is not the only encrypted messaging developer seeking to release a cryptocurrency. Moxie Marlinspike, best known as the creator of Signal, recently released a whitepaper for  MobileCoin , a federated blockchain based on the Stellar Consensus Protocol (SCP). MobileCoin, however, will not have the benefit of a built-in user base.  Telegram ICO Aims to Shatter Fundraising Record  Telegram ’s ICO presale alone could target as much as $500 million, which would more than double the  $257 million raised by Filecoin  last year, while the token sale itself could enable Gram to launch with a market cap of $5 billion. In a departure from ICO norms, Telegram plans to require supporters to contribute using fiat currency, not ether or bitcoin as most others do.  The project is apparently a personal one for Telegram co-founder and CEO Pavel Durov, who founded Russian social network VK but was forced to sell his stake by shareholders with powerful government connections.  In addition to its utility as a payments network, TON will also feature a DNS service to enable users to access decentralized services with an interface similar to that of a web page.  According to a roadmap spelled out in the whitepaper, Telegram hopes to release a minimum viable product (MVP) as early as the first quarter of this year, though a full-featured platform will not be released until at least the second quarter of 2019.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)ccn.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ripple Price Isn ’t Actually Down 30%: CoinMarketCap Removes South Korean Price Twitter  The price of Ripple, as shown on CoinMarketCap is believed to be down by 30 percent today. But, its actually only down by 10 percent.   CoinMarketCap Fiasco  Earlier today, without prior notice or any reasonable explanation, CoinMarketCap removed the trading price of Ripple on South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges from the global average calculation of Ripple.   The removal of South Korean rates was controversial, primarily because the well-regulated South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market has been accountable for more than 50 percent of global Ripple trades over the past few weeks. Bithumb, the world’s second largest cryptocurrency exchange with a $2.6 billion daily trading volume, processes $750 million worth of Ripple trades alone on a daily basis.  The decision of CoinMarketCap to suddenly remove South Korean rates was questionable because it has removed South Korean rates from all other cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, Ethereum, and other cryptocurrencies. As such, the price of all cryptocurrencies that are concentrated in the South Korean market has decreased substantially.  For casual traders and especially newcomers, the abrupt removal of South Korean rates from Ripple’s global average price seemed like a major correction and a panic sell-off. Ripple’s chief cryptographer David Schwartz wrote:  “Coinmarketcap ’s decision to exclude Korean prices from the displayed XRP price made the price appear to drop, likely triggering some panic selling. Look closely at the data and don ’t be misled.”  Schwartz emphasized that the new price of Ripple, without the high premium rate of the South Korean market, is more meaningful. But, it has triggered a minor sell-off, as investors began to demonstrate concerns over the short-term performance of XRP.  “[South Korean market] They are outliers due to a shortage of cryptos in Korea and difficulty getting KRW out. The new price is more accurate and meaningful, in my opinion,” Schwartz added.  Good Decision?  Experts and analysts have contrasting viewpoints on the removal of South Korean rates from the global price of cryptocurrencies on CoinMarketCap. Some, including Schwartz, stated that the removal of South Korean rates is beneficial for the market and for every cryptocurrency listed on CoinMarketCap since only a small portion of investors are affected by the premium rates in South Korea.  It is extremely difficult for foreigners to trade cryptocurrencies in the South Korean market and challenging for South Korean investors to take advantage of the arbitrage opportunity. As such, the price of cryptocurrencies in the South Korean market is exclusive to local traders and investors.   The question about the rates from the South Korean market and whether they should be reflected on the global price of cryptocurrencies remains unanswered. While some experts believe it could make the ecosystem healthier, others believe that considering the sheer trading volume coming from the South Korean market, and strict regulations imposed by the government to regulate the sector, South Korean rates should be considered in calculating the global average price.  But, ultimately, due to strict capital controls, it is not possible for foreign traders to move South Korean won out of the local cryptocurrency sector. Thus, experts believe that the removal of South Korean rates can be justified.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Price Swims Against the Tide as Other Top Coins Retreat Twitter  The ethereum price managed to swim against the current on Monday, posting a minor increase even as the wider markets  — led by bitcoin and ripple  — endured a moderate correction that appeared worse than it really was.  Cryptocurrency Market Cap Takes Eight Percent  ‘Hit ’ as CoinMarketCap Excludes Korean Data  The  cryptocurrency market cap  had made steady advances during the first week of 2018 and had climbed as high as $830 billion on Sunday. However, it took an eight percent hit this morning, forcing the combined value of all cryptocurrencies down to $755 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Most of that movement occurred at approximately 5:00 UTC, when market data aggregation outlet CoinMarketCap ceased to factor data from South Korean exchanges into its pricing algorithms. Since Korean exchanges tend to price coins and tokens at significant premiums  — often 25 percent or more  — the change made it appear that prices were plunging across the board, even though the actual movement was, in many cases, much more subdued.  Bitcoin Price Sinks Below $16,000  The  bitcoin price  had spent the weekend on a bullish upswing, and on Saturday the flagship cryptocurrency rose as high as $17,252 on Bitfinex. This brought bitcoin to its highest mark since December 21, and it appeared to signal that it was prepared to begin reclaiming its dominant market share.  Today, however, the bitcoin price entered a precipitous decline, falling about nine percent to a present value of $15,475 on Bitfinex. This translates into a $261.5 billion market cap.  24-Hour Bitcoin Price Chart  Bitcoin ’s decline came as South Korean media outlets reported that regulators were taking an  “ intensive probe ” into bank accounts belonging to local cryptocurrency exchanges.  Ethereum Price Fights Against the Current  While bitcoin and other top cryptocurrencies fell, the  ethereum price  fought against the current to post a two percent gain. That ’s not to say the pullback did not deal ethereum a severe blow. Earlier in the day, the ethereum price had  soared above $1,200  on Bitfinex to post a new all-time high, but it has since declined to $1,128.  24-Hour Ethereum Price Chart  Nevertheless, ethereum remains in positive territory  — at least as the time of writing  — and its resilience has enabled it to reclaim the second position in the market cap rankings from ripple with a total valuation of just under $112 billion.  Ripple, meanwhile, saw its price decline about eight percent on Bittrex to $2.53. Its global price, however, shows a 21 percent drop on CoinMarketCap, primarily because the website has begun excluding South Korean spot prices  — which are notoriously high due to local demand and capital controls  — from its calculations.  24-Hour Ripple Price Chart  It is unclear whether this will be a permanent change or if the website detected pricing anomalies on South Korean exchanges, but under the current algorithm ripple ’s market cap is listed at just $99.5 billion, which ranks third-largest among cryptocurrencies.  Altcoin Markets Demonstrate Influence of South Korea  The absence of South Korean spot prices from CoinMarketCap ’s algorithm makes the market decline appear worse than it is, but most top cryptocurrencies did experience at least a minor decrease against the US dollar.  Source: CoinCodex  According to data from CoinCodex  — which continues to factor South Korean pricing data into its calculations  — the bitcoin cash price dropped by two percent to $2,684, and fifth-ranked cardano fell by seven percent to $0.93.  NEM declined by one percent, while both litecoin and stellar dipped by four percent to bring their prices to $273 and $0.66, respectively.  The IOTA price managed to tread water, which was sufficient to raise it to ninth in the rankings, while TRON declined four percent to round out the top 10.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)ccn.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Brazil Looks to Ethereum to Solve its Popular Petition Problem Twitter  You’ve likely heard (or read online) impassioned treatises from enthusiasts about cryptocurrency’s disruptive potential, about the revolutionary implications it has to uproot outdated financial systems.  When you look at the rate of  crypto ’s public adoption –not to mention the number of  governments   jumping the gun  to establish their  own national crytpocurrencies –crypto’s core supporters seem less like conspiratorial techies and more like visionaries with each passing day.  But as our ears ring with chatter about what cryptocurrency means for the future of finance, we may fall deaf to blockhain’s other promising calling: the future of data transfer and storage.  Thanks to the initiative of a designer turned programmer and a modest political advisor, Brazil may not be ignoring this call.  As reported by  Quartz , the pair wants to take popular petitions, a common –and arguably –inefficient means to record public electoral support, and record them on Ethereum’s blockchain.  A New Age Solution to an Outdated Problem  In Brazil, popular petitions are a form of electoral initiative, allowing the public to present legislation or referendums to the Brazilian congress.  Any petition that garners signatures from 1% of Brazil’s voting population (approximately 1.45 million people) is presented to Congress.  Problem is, the system, from signing petitions, to transporting and verifying them, is outdated and inefficient. Even for those petitions that earn enough signatures, the Brazilian government, at times, fails to uphold their constitutional obligation to review them.  “In part this is due to the absence of a platform that can securely collect the signatures of one percent of voters,” Universidade de Brasília law professor Henrique Araújo Costa stated.    For Ricardo Fernandes Paixão and Everton Fraga, the duo behind the initiative, this is where Ethereum’s Blockchain comes in.  Instead of circulating, signing, and verifying petitions by hand, the project heads want to run the entire process through Ethereum, storing signatures and records of these signatures on the protocol ’s blockchain.  To Peixoto, a World Bank specialist who holds that there’s no sure way to authenticate signatures under the current system, “[this] is a workaround solution necessary due to the impossibility of verifying the authenticity of the signatures. ”  How It Will Work  In order to achieve Paixão and Fraga’s vision, the Brazilian congress is developing a mobile app.  After registering with the app, citizens can sign or create their own petitions using Ethereum ’s blockchain.  On a daily basis, individual signatures will be cryptographically hashed, and by day ’s end, these hashes will be sent as a single transaction to the Ethereum network.  Hashing the signatures and sending them as a lump transaction reduces costs and network bloat, as sending each signature as a single transaction would likely be energy intensive and inefficient  Once a transaction is added to the blockchain, signatories can review their individual hashes on the blockchain.  “Anyone can audit the system,” Paixão, the congressional legislative adviser described. “Each day, you can prove from cryptographic proof that a certain signature is already there.”     The project, which has been in development since 2017, is still awaiting congressional approval. If it were to succeed, the development “would be a celebration of democracy,” according to Fraga, the designer and developer spearheading the project with Paixão. “With this project, we are doing what the constitution says, but in practice, it hasn’t happened.”  If Brazil implements Ethereum into their electoral project, they will be the first government to use blockchain technology for public functions.  Meanwhile,  Sweden has looked to blockchain  to solve problems in the private sector, such as land registry and title deeds.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Futures and Options Market: Quedex Announces Revolutionary Trading Platform Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Bitcoin trading is one thing but now the just like other assets like oil, bitcoin futures are being launched around the world. While these futures may not aid in the development or acceptance of bitcoin in the masses, it will bring a valuable mode of investment for those who don’t want its extreme volatile nature to affect their investments. That is the whole idea of these so-c alled derivatives of bitcoin.   Now futures are being launched around the world and people can now trade in them rather than trading in bitcoin itself. They will also bring much-needed stability to the cryptocurrency charts which is necessary in order to fully qualify them as currencies and not just digital assets that can be transferred from one person to another. What we have around us are cryptocurrency ex changes that deal directly in cryptocurrencies and not their derivatives and neither are they equipped or designed to do so.   This leaves a gap for others to fill.  Quedex  has launched a new Bitcoin Futures and Options Market in anticipation with the worldwide interest in bitcoin futures. These bitcoin derivatives were previously being traded on platforms like CME and OBE that are practically fiat exchanges.With  Quedex , the cryptocurrency world will get its first consistent bitcoin-centric derivatives trading platform  The main idea with Quedex is that it is much better aligned for crypto traders and offers them an opportunity to make additional gains on top of the growth of the price in bitcoin. There is also the risk associated with short CME futures positions.  Quedex  short sellers on the other hand will never get margin when fully collateralized. Quedex is also suited for the cryptocurrency world because it operates 24/7 rather than 9-5 5 days routine of the usual futures market.  Crypto traders aren’t used to a short exchange-open period which is followed by expected volatility. The futures market opens a new set of possibilities for active traders. Now any market scenario can be envisioned with the help of comprehensive positions. According to  Matt Wywial, the co-founder of Quedex:  “It is very important that the options are consistent with the prevailing inverse futures standard. Only that way active traders can easily hedge their option positions with futures or apply put-call parity in options arbitrage. Quedex is the first one to offer bitcoin-denominated futures and options consistently, each with $1 notional amount ”  Any investor or trader can easily add the new trading instruments to their portfolio and hedge the options with the help of  Quedex  futures. Since both of these options can be settled in Bitcoin and no fiat deposits are necessary, users can profit immensely from the new platform without having the requirement to convert from crypto to fiat and vice-versa all the time.   The  Quedex  platform has been developed with ultimate security as a long-term goal. The risk management is done in such a way that market manipulations, cascading margin calls and flash crashes are avoided. Investors’ funds are stored in cold storage which gives them an additional layer of protection. All trading activity between the client and the platform is protected by end-to-end PGP p rotection encryption and authentication is done with the help of private-public key digital signatures.  This no-nonsense approach to security will appeal to users. The platform is registered in Gibraltar, UK overseas territory and the law is very blockchain and bitcoin-trading friendly over there. Setting up an account on Quedex takes less than one minute!   Visit the Quedex Bitcoin Derivatives Exchange:   https://quedex.net/  
INCREASE	   Investor Who Predicted Two Major Market Crashes Calls Bitcoin a  “Bubble ” Twitter  Jeremy Grantham, co-founder of the GMO investment management firm, wrote in  a letter to investors  that he believes that Bitcoin, along with the stock market at large, is in a bubble. Famous for predicting the market crashes of 2000 and 2007, Grantham holds that “ [a] melt-up or end-phase of [the] bubble within the next 6 months to 2 years is likely.”    To Grantham, A Bubble Unlike Any Other  In his usual report on market trends, Grantham dedicated a section to address Bitcoin’s meteoric rise.  “Having no clear fundamental value and largely unregulated markets, coupled with a storyline conducive to delusions of grandeur,” Grantham writes, “makes [Bitcoin] more than anything we can find in the history books the very essence of a bubble.”   He goes on to add that “[anyone] around in 1999 and early 2000 has had a classic primer in these signs,” arguing that historical precedent would have the bubble “crash and burn even before the broader market peaks.”  Bitcoin has seen explosive growth over the past year.  Trading at just over $1,000 at the beginning of 2017, the flagship cryptocurrency peaked at an all-time high of $20,000 in December.  While it has since fallen to roughly $15,000 per coin, this figure still puts it at a 1500% increase from 2017 to 2018.  This growth has financial analysts and experts from  Mike Novogratz  to  CNBC Mad Money Host Jim Cramer  and  beyond  crying that Bitcoin has achieved official bubble status.  As did those before him, Grantham has drawn comparisons to the Dutch Tulip Mania of the 17th century and “the legendary South Sea bubble,” as he calls it, of 1719-1720.    Part of a Larger Trend  To Grantham, Bitcoin’s speculative rise coincides with the stock market’s own bubbling over.    “I recognize on one hand that this is one of the highest-priced markets in US history,” Grantham conveys in the report. “On the other hand, as a historian of the great equity bubbles, I also recognize that we are currently showing signs of entering the blow-oﬀ or melt-up phase of this very long bull market.”   Throughout his report, he continues to list examples of historical market downturns, complementing his analysis with charts that illustrate these trends.  The writing is on the wall for the next market meltdown, he believes, and this includes “the crazy Bitcoins of the world.”  “We know we’re not there yet, but we can perhaps see come early movement: increasing vindictiveness to the bears for costing investors money…[the] increasingly optimistic tone of press and TV coverage”  Grantham finds this last point especially indicative.  Once market talk takes up the majority of airtime, “just as late 1999 featured Pets.com –we are probably down to the last few months.”  “Good luck.  We’ll all need some,” he concludes.  Not Everyone is Convinced  Throughout 2017, we saw  the induction of Bitcoin futures  and  filings for Bitcoin ETFs , as the formerly fringe cryptocurrency market stepped into institutional spotlights.  All the while, cries of a bubble resounded from financial powerhouses as the market continued to transcend  new all time highs .  Even while the echos of bubble talk  seem uniform , not everyone in the financial world is in agreement over Bitcoin and its speculation.  Jeffrey Kleintop, chief strategist at investing firm Charles Schwab,  recently dismissed  comparisons of Bitcoin to the dot.com and housing bubbles.  Unlike Grantham, he believes Bitcoin is maturing independently from the rest of the market, and he’s also more optimistic than Grantham going into 2018.  And he’s not alone.  This week,  news broke  that Peter Thiel’s venture capital firm, the Founders Fund, holds hundreds of millions of dollars in Bitcoins, up from an initial investment of $15-20mln.   Thiel believes  that Bitcoin has “great potential,” especially if the cryptocurrency continues its track to becoming “the cyber equivalent to gold.”  Featured image from Flickr/ Fortune Brainstorm E .  
INCREASE	   Italian Pen Manufacturer Announces Production of Crypto Themed Bitcoin Pen Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Ancora , an Italian based company which has created exquisite pens by hand since 1919, has just announced the beginning of production for their   Bitcoin Pen . There will only be 88 Fountain pens and 888 rollerball pens, making each of them a limited-edition piece. Buyers are able to reserve their number, with some numbers being more valuable than others. Number 1 and 88 of the Fountain pens are classified “platinum” and cost 1 BTC. Gold numbers are half a Bitcoin, and would be 8, 11,22,33,44,55,66,77, and 88.  Silver numbers are a quarter of a Bitcoin, and are only for numbers for the 888 rollerball pens. On top of reserving a number, Ancora is following a ICO model for purchasing the pens, similar to how in their Titanic line of pens, which used a piece of the first-class cabin of the ship. Buyers will be able to reserve pens at a lower cost compared to if they wanted to purchase on e later in the production schedule. Currently, in the pre-production stage, Fountain pens are $1000, and Rollerball pens are $750. The pre-production stage begins now, until the  28 th  of December .  The Production Stage, which will run from  January 1 st   to  January 26 th , and  Ancora  will sell the Fountain pen at $1250 and the Rollerball at $1000, or the Fountain pens pre-production price. This is an increase of 25% on the Fountain pen, and 33% on the Rollerball pens.  The first delivery of pens will start in March, with 30 Fountain pens and 296 Rollerball pens being shipped out. The second delivery of an identical payload will be in April, with the last shipment completing the batch to be expected in May of 2018.  Retail price, from  June 1 st  onwards , will see the Fountain Pen sold at $2500 USD, and Rollerballs at $2250. From Pre-production, this would be a 250% increase in price for the Fountain pen and 300% increase for the Rollerball pens respectively. If one could secure a pen during the pre-production, the buyer is already guaranteed an increase in valuation of their pen even before it reaches them, similar to how man y ICO tokens raise in value the later one purchases them.  If you miss out on this opportunity, Ancora stated that they will be announcing production of another cryptocurrency themed pen in February, but this time based on customer input. Interested buyers can vote by voicing their wants over on   Ancora’s Telegram channel . Besides the expected fiat currencies that are accepted (USD and EUR), Bitcoin and Ethereum are both accepted as payment methods for these pens, which is only appropriate considering they are catered toward the crypto-oriented audience.  To learn more about the brand, or to pre-order a Bitcoin pen, visit the following links:  https://ancora1919.com/home    –   https://bitcoinpens.com/  About Ancora  Ancora ’s brand history is as one of the first Italian companies to produce pens. No doubt that Ancora ’s history is the history of its founder  –  Giuseppe Zanini , who in the early part of the twentieth century was able by having gained the necessary experience to realize his dream  – to create perfect pens in his own factory.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Rally Grinds to a Halt as Korea Inspects Bitcoin Exchange Bank Accounts Twitter  A resurgent bitcoin price saw its rally grind to a halt on Monday following a report that South Korean regulators tasked with combating money laundering and terrorist financing would probe bank accounts belonging to domestic cryptocurrency exchanges.  Bitcoin Price Rally Grinds to a Halt  Despite losing a significant amount of market share in the face of a widespread altcoin rally, bitcoin managed to rise during the first week of the new year.  Over the weekend, though, the flagship cryptocurrency embarked on a rally of its own. By Saturday evening, the  bitcoin price  had soared to $17,252 on Bitfinex, its highest mark since December 21 and an increase of nearly $4,000 from where it began the year.  BTC Price Chart  However, shortly after reaching this mark the bitcoin price entered a steep decline, and at the time of writing on Monday, it was trading at just $14,989  — a 13 percent decline from its Saturday peak.  South Korea Inspects Exchange Bank Accounts  The decline appears to be at least partially linked to a report from regional media outlet Yonhap that South Korean regulators are planning to conduct an  “ intensive probe ” into bank accounts belonging to South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges.  The inspections, which will be overseen by the Financial Services Commission (FSC), seek to determine whether banks have complied with anti-money laundering policies when servicing domestic bitcoin exchanges, which have reportedly deposited more than 2 trillion won ($1.8 billion) at Korean banks.  The probe comes as regulators have sought to  tighten inflows of fiat currency  into Korean exchanges and curb the country ’s heated cryptocurrency markets, which often price coins and tokens at excessive premiums relative to their global average prices.  Traders are clearly concerned about what regulators will find when they conduct their inspections, as well as how they will respond if they deem an account to be non-compliant. Korean officials  have not ruled out  shutting cryptocurrency exchanges down in the future for failing to comply with regulations, so the move could result in a turbulent week for the markets as traders await an official report.  Notably, this uncertainty appears to have dwarfed other bullish announcements, the most significant of which is that the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) has filed to list leveraged Bitcoin ETFs on its Arca trading platform, an event that would further cement cryptocurrency as a mainstream asset class.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)ccn.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.   
INCREASE	   Korea, China and Japan are Swapping Ideas for Cryptocurrency Regulation Twitter  South Korea’s primary financial regulator is in discussions with counterparts in China and Japan toward the regulation of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin.  Speaking to reporters today, Korea’s Financial Services Commission (FSC) chairman Choi Jong-ku has revealed a meeting attended by vice finance ministers from South Korea, Japan and China to discuss strategies and ideas on regulating cryptocurrencies. The meeting, which took place in South Korea, will see the FSC “set up a detailed system of cooperation” with China and Japan, Ch oi was quoted by  Yonhap  as stating.  Korean authorities are addressing an “irrational” investment trend into cryptocurrencies by the public, the official claimed. A “fever of speculative investment in cryptocurrencies is ongoing,” Choi stated, pointedly adding: “However, cryptocurrencies are unable to play a role as a means of payment.”  The co-operation between the three nations is particularly notable as they make some of the world’s largest trading market for cryptocurrencies including bitcoin. While China’s central bank has effectively shuttered the local bitcoin industry, Korean authorities are engaging in their own ‘crackdown’ on anonymous cryptocurrency trading while Japan, in contrast, has passed legisl ation in April 2017 to acknowledge bitcoin as a legal method of payment.  A year ago – nearly to the day – China  began its crackdown  on its local cryptocurrency trading market by performing “on-site checks” of major bitcoin exchanges. The scrutiny led to a  halt of bitcoin withdrawals  across a number of exchanges. Four months later, withdrawals eventually  resumed  but the damage had been done. In early September, China’s central bank proceeded to  ban all initial coin offerings  and effectively  shutter bitcoin exchanges . More recently, there are widespread rumors that China’s central bank is moving in to  curtail bitcoin miners  in the country, although such reports have been  disputed .  South Korean authorities followed China’s cue in  issuing its own ban  on all initial coin offerings soon after in September 2017. More recently, the government issued a statement pushing for a ban on  anonymous bitcoin trading  in the country, weeks after Korea’s prime minister deemed the heightened appetite for cryptocurrencies among citizens as a “ pathological phenomenon ”.  Japan, meanwhile, has already enforced regulations and guidelines for cryptocurrency exchanges and the industry, after recognizing bitcoin as a  legal method of payment  in April 2017. Such is the adoption and acknowledgement of bitcoin that Japan’s biggest bank -notably an investor in a major Japanese bitcoin exchange – is preparing to offer the first-of-its-kind  trust service  to bitcoin adopters in the country.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ARK Token Announces Partnership with OKEx to List New Tokens on the Platform Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  There are over 900 cryptocurrencies in the market right now but as expected, not many of these coins are well recognized and tradable since they aren’t registered for trading on cryptocurrency exchanges. The registered tokens have additional value because they can easily be traded with other cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies, driving value and awareness, and ultimately adopt ion.  Once a new coin registers with an exchange platform, its’ demand increases as investors and traders speculate with the new currency.  ARK , an ambitious project providing all-in-one blockchain solutions has just announced a deal with  OKEx  that will allow their ARK tokens to be traded in their well-known ecosystem.   OKEx  is a recognizable exchange that offers 40 coin trading pairs and 5 futures pairs. One can read in the news that the futures exchange may likely cross the current trading capacity and capitalization of coin trading itself in the future. It also protects users from too much volatility in an asset and bitcoin being extremely volatile means that its futures are the next big thing.  OKEx’s bitcoin futures are considered top-notch in the business and daily trade volume in the futures exchange alone averages $1.5 billion.   A majority of the investors in the ARK token are from China (almost 60%) and it offers its’ services in more than 100 countries. So, an association with such a big name in the exchange business is expected to give a much-needed boost to ARK coin’s demand.  What is the ARK Platform?  ARK  itself is a bold blockchain-based startup that aims to offer a one-stop shop solution to everything crypto. Users can use the existing capabilities of the ARK platform to their advantage instead of deploying a new blockchain and starting everything from scratch. It is intended to be a secure, decentralized platform suitable for mass adoption. ARK is highly flexible, adaptable a nd scalable as well. Everyone who wants to benefit from the crypto revolution can use ARK to their advantage.   Services offered by  ARK  include a universal wallet for all operating systems on desktops (a mobile version is on the way) and cold storage-based ledger Nano S support, open-source code, ARKVRM (ARK virtual machine), alternative development and implementation for all coding languages, push-button deployable blockchains, and TestNet for startups.   2-Stage ARK Giveaway  To celebrate this acceptance of their coin on a major platform, ARK is offering users the chance to participate in a free airdrop campaign of over 75,000 ARK tokens. Users just need to follow these steps to become a part of the initial phase:  Become OKEx users and follow the platform across social media All followers who executed a simple response action (like, favorite) will be given a special code.  They can use this code to join free lucky draw for the airdrop of ARK tokens. Up to 10,000 free ARK tokens will be available in this initial phase.   For the next stage, once 10 million token trading volume of ARK has been achieved on the  OKEx  platform, all traders will be eligible for the remaining 65,000 ARK tokens lucky draw irrespective of the amount traded on the system.  OKEx  opened ARK wallets on December 20, 2017.   Visit the ARK Website:  http://ark.io/  
INCREASE	   VOISE Announces Masternodes as Well as 50 M Token Burn for Increased Revenue to Token Holders Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Voise , an innovative music decentralized platform, just announced new features being added to the blockchain-based music sharing project.  These include first-ever Masternodes on the Ethereum blockchain, which will provide additional services and revenue to token holders. This is accompanied by the plan to burn 50 million VOISE tokens, which will make the coin more scarce.  The tokens burned will account for a permanent reduction of the circulating supply by 8%, bringing the total to 593,012,000 VOISE, and cutting the total max supply of VOISE down to 775,578,000 tokens.  Masternodes allow operators to earn a certain percentage of revenue based on amount of  VOISE tokens  committed. To be eligible as an operator, a minimum of 600,000 VOISE tokens will be locked for a minimum of 30 days.  Smart contracts and a special dAPP will oversee the locking and distribution of revenue once the 30-day period is over. Once the coins are unlocked, the operators will receive the revenue. The longer the tokens are committed however, the more the revenue; 30 days is just the eligibility for minimum revenue.  80% of total revenue generated will be distributed proportionally to token holders. In the likely event that income from the first initial months of Masternode operation is small, VOISE will pull from the foundation’s fund when necessary to honor payments to the community.  Besides changes to the coin itself,  VOISE  has been making business partnerships, to also increase its appeal to newcomers. The platform is already endorsed by Grammy-nominated Carolyn Malachi and DJ sensation Jinco, and is now in partnerships with MicroMoney and Coinomi.  Voise recently joined the Ethereum Enterprise Alliance, allowing the music platform access to the best talent among Ethereum professionals within a network of Fortune 500 alumni.  Continually listening to the community, while simultaneously expanding connections, Voise has led to steady trading volumes, where the token is recognized for its intrinsic value.  With more artists going online to revive sales, the online music streaming industry has now over 110 million listeners willing to pay for music online. Despite this, there still remains a struggle, especially for indie artists, who have to deal with high commission rates and criminal revenue distribution.  Voise  looks to change this by cutting the middlemen out, with 100% of commissions going straight to the artist. Artist are able to select what duration of the song they want to play for free as a sample, or even choose to make their song free, and opt to take donations instead.  The interface is intuitive and attractive, allowing for mainstream users to easily pick up the platform and begin enjoying music.  About VOISE  VOISE  is a blockchain-based content distribution and monetization platform for the music industry. It introduces the multibillion-dollar global music industry to cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology.  
INCREASE	   Moldova to Champion Blockchain Cause Through Transformative Innovations and Investment Opportunities Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  After reportedly eyeing blockchain technology to stamp out child trafficking, Moldova, Europe’s poorest country, will now be adopting the technology to power investment opportunities in the country through the creation of a “Digital  & Distributed Technology Moldova Association”,  DTMA  Founded, developed, and supported by an advisory board comprising of both local and international luminaries, DMTA will further developments of blockchain innovations through workshops and presentation by eminent authorities.within and outside the country. These personalities will present variable use cases for blockchain to help the community harness the disruptive power of the blockchain and channel it towards developmental efforts.   DTMA core objectives will leverage Moldova’s untapped human resource potentials in introducing core international blockchain products into its economic system. Moldova’s human resources will be an invaluable asset for organizations seeking highly skilled and versatile personnel. The country ’s policies also facilitate a perfect testbed for incubating, maturing, and trialing projects for the global community.  The DTMA portal is now online and opened to registrations. The community portal is now online and open to registrations. Registered users will be able to connect to like-minded creatives and entrepreneurs, locate potential partners and investors for their projects, promote their skills and businesses, and attend seminars and workshops.   DTMA has lined up a string of projects for 2018 that are destined to play key roles in adding values to not only the local economy, but also other areas as follows:  January 2018:  The first  Moldova exchange  will launch pairing eight fiat currencies with cryptos  Recently,  DTMA  launched a its native version of the popular Dash blockchain for self-governance. The platform will also enable students and academicians apply for small grants in order to develop blockchain solutions. Discussions are underway for the creation of a Tech Zone within the Free Economic Zones. The zones will offer tax breaks for Blockchain projects and aims to digitise the development of an 80 Hectares, commercial real estate for mining projects DTMA   Training and workshops geared at international companies looking to penetrate  the Moldova market. These programs will introduce them to market opportunities and provide them with access to required resources.  The country ’s local businesses will be supported through a  Travel Portal . The portal will support tour guides, exports of wine from Moldova and social engagement/marketing opportunities through tokenization. Already, the portal is live and actively supporting 900 Airlines and 800,000 hotels globally. DTMA has also initiated discussions with local, private companies through due diligence. The discussion is geared at helping companies explore the viability of creating the country ’s own version of Level 39, Canary Wharf, London (dubbed the most influential hub for Innovation in Europe). This proposal could dramatically elevate the status of Moldova, enabling it to be a hub between the CIS Countries and EU.  DTMA aims to support the digital era through its initiatives, while helping Moldova cement its place in the future. The platform hopes to attract the International market and direct its attention towards Moldova as a viable and potential National Hub, whilst improving and supporting higher education through the government ’s economic and Digital roadmap  –  “Digital Moldova 2020” .   DTMA openly welcomes the crypto communities, enthusiasts, and blockchain projects, bidding them to come join and support a cause that is certain to champion the legitimacy of blockchain technology.   
INCREASE	   Social Media Jumps on the Blockchain Journey Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  “Data breaches are on the rise. Be prepared,” said the company that recently got hacked.  145.5 mln customers lost their privacy  and personal information. Equifax advertised state-of-the-art security, and yet they’ve been proven wrong. The Internet is insecure, and with social media platforms like  Facebook accessing user images without consent , it’s no wonder a need for a better system must be put in place.   When online advertising and digital marketing stormed in, traditional research methods to target customers had to be let go. With the rise of the Internet and digitization, an industry worth billions had finally ended. Right now,  paid ads on social platforms  like Instagram, Facebook and Twitter are winning ground. The problem is, customers don’t control the data they own. Whether it’s visiting a website or buying a product for a consumer, or running digital marketing campaigns for brands and advertisers, the data people share online is monitored, tracked and shared with companies willing to pay to make a profit.   The fight for combating fake data and online fraud has just begun   Tech companies, credit bureaus, advertisers, government entities and publishers are outrun by so-called “profile vendors,” data management, ad exchanges and audience segmentation platforms that are only looking to make a profit. Blockchain might be able to end a war that’s just getting started. The perks of the Blockchain are endless and if leveraged correctly; the people might get the control they deserve over their data.   Social media on Blockchain   Better known as a social marketing and consumer profiling platforms, Robin8 is powered by artificial intelligence (AI) and Big Data. The scope of the project is to provide a new advertising channel that centers on people as the media. The Robin8 platform works with machines to profile, match and rank people with advertisers and brands. The end goal is to help the people achieve an improved, more streamlined return on investment.   The automated system on which Robin8 relies ensures full transparency, social media and e-commerce measuring, third-party digital marketing verification, tracking and data management to ensure complete automation and scalability on the platform. One of Robin8’s main objectives is to give the data back to its owners (the people).   Social advertising within the ad-tech ecosystem   Robin8 leverages a profile utility token (PUT token) to streamline transactions on the Robin8 platform. Anonymous, secure and trusted, the end goal of the project is to compensate users and influencers for sharing their data, viewing or creating content, and not the other way round.   Built for a decentralized ad exchange, the PUT token connects consumers, advertisers, influencers and publishers, creating an efficient marketplace that benefits everyone enrolled in the Robin8 project. PUT uses an open-source, Blockchain-based Qtum protocol that works on highly-performant, secure smart contracts.   A tried and tested business model   The information users share on  Robin8  is encrypted; hence safe and anonymous. Unlike other social media platforms like Instagram, Twitter and Facebook, on Robin8 PUT users are in full control of their data and data privacy. It’s up to them to share it (or not) with advertisers and brands in exchange for PUT tokens.    Robin8 strongly believes that it’s fair to get compensation to the owner of the data. Since in the conventional digital realm, everything people share doesn’t really belong to them, the new Blockchain-based platform aims to fight clickbait advertising, ad fraud, and intrusive social media marketing. Built on the Qtum Blockchain,  Robin8  aims at making a difference in the advertising scenario by awarding people for being part of social media.  The project has already completed 5,000+ marketing campaigns and gathered over 150,000 micro-influencers and 100,000+ content creators. The proven business model is growing at a fast pace and had already become profitable. The team and advisory board of Robin8 PUT is made of researchers, VPs and former CEOs who believe in secure and transparent social media advertising environment. They include Tan Siok Siok (VP Operations), Dr. Barry O’Sullivan (Chief, Artificial Intelligence), Alvin Foo (Head of Mobile and Innovation at OmnicomMedia Group), Bessie Lee (former CEO for WPP China), Dr. Janna Lipenkova (VP, Research  & Development), and Milo Chao (former Chief Strategy Officer for TBWA China), just to name a few.  The Robin8 PUT crowdsale will go live on Jan. 8, 2018.  
INCREASE	   $1 Million Bitcoin Ransom Reportedly Paid for Kidnapped EXMO Executive Twitter  On December 26, 40-year-old IT specialist and bitcoin exchange executive  Pavel Lerner was kidnapped in Kiev,  Ukraine. He was reportedly forced into a Mercedes-Benz Vito by unknown assailants wearing dark clothes and balaclavas. Lerner, a leading analyst at cryptocurrency exchange EXMO, stopped answering the phone after leaving the company’s offices.  Speaking to  Reuters , Anton Gerashchenko, an advisor to the Ukrainian Interior Minister Arsen Avakov, stated that Pavel Lerner was released after a $1 million bitcoin ransom was paid. Per his words, it seems either Pavel Lerner or EXMO paid the ransom, but at this point it’s unclear who actually did it. Per a statement EXMO released, Pavel didn’t have access to the financial assets of users, and t he platform kept operating normally.  Notably, Gerashchenko added that this is the “first such case in Ukraine linked to bitcoin,” a potential hint at just how big cryptocurrencies are becoming. Kiev police begun investigating the crime on December 26, and so far it has only admitted it launched a criminal investigation after a man was kidnapped in the Obolon district, without revealing the victim’s name.  After  Lerner was found alive and safe , EXMO revealed he was in a “state of major stress” and as such wouldn’t provide any official comments in the coming days. In its statement, the cryptocurrency exchange, which currently has a $194 million trading volume and lists crypto to Russian ruble trading pairs, thanked the cryptocurrency community for its support. The statement reads:  “EXMO team is deeply grateful to the cryptocurrency community and the media for their active support. We promise to timely provide any updates on the situation.”  It notes, however, that ”the story of Pavel’s abduction has overgrown with rumors that might tamper with the official investigation,” and as such currently “refrains from any comments or suggestions of own versions of the possible scenario, in the nearest future.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Australian Bitcoin Investors Claim Banks are Shutting Down Their Accounts Twitter  Bitcoin investors in Australia have claimed that major banks including National Australia Bank, ANZ, the Commonwealth Bank of Australia and Westpac Banking Corporation, have started to freeze the bank accounts of cryptocurrency traders without prior notice.  Major Banks Called Out  Earlier this week, Australian cryptocurrency trader Alex Saunder publicly called out all of the major banks in Australia that have had a history of treating cryptocurrency traders unfairly, despite the criticism of the Australian government.  In May, the Australian government released the 2017-18 budget which contained the elimination of double taxation on the trading of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. Given the controversy around some of the country’s largest banks unfairly closing down the accounts of cryptocurrency traders and businesses, the government also reaffirmed that it will provide a friendlier ecosys tem for both cryptocurrency businesses and users.  “The Government will make it easier for new innovative digital currency businesses to operate in Australia. From 1 July 2017, purchases of digital currency will no longer be subject to the GST, allowing digital currencies to be treated just like money for GST purposes,” the budget  read.  Still, regardless of the efforts of the Australian government to revive its cryptocurrency and fintech industries that have struggled to see success for many years due to the unfair treatment of businesses, Australian banks are reportedly refusing to provide services to fintech businesses like bitcoin exchanges and brokerages.  CoinSpot, one of the few remaining cryptocurrency exchanges processing Australian dollar (AUD)-to-bitcoin trades, stated that the company has placed a temporary restriction on all forms of AUD deposits, because of the lack of banking services provided by local financial institutions.  “We assure you we are just as unhappy with the situation as you, but unfortunately Australian banks have been so far unwilling to work with the digital currency industry which leads to frequent account closures and strict limits on accounts whilst they remain operational, in effect debanking our industry,” said CoinSpot.  Bitcoin Babe AU, another Australian cryptocurrency trader, revealed two documents sent by ANZ, announcing the closure of the trader’s bank accounts. The two documents provided a vague explanation for the closure of the client’s bank accounts. They read:   This is a letter I received a few weeks ago. Also included was a T &C ’s booklet. I ’ve highlighted the clause they are referring to. I have a PTY/LTD company, paying tax, registered with the OAIC and conduct all relevant KYC/AML/CTF checks.  pic.twitter.com/DShAZPIjyi  — Bitcoin Babe (@BitcoinBabeAU)  December 29, 2017     “In accordance with the Business Transaction Account Terms and Conditions, ANZ gives you notice of its intention to exercise its discretion to close the above accounts effective 30 January 2018.  ANZ may exercise its discretion to close an account due to unsatisfactory conduct for any other reason it considers appropriate.”  Commonwealth Bank Says it Does Not Recommend Cryptocurrencies  A Commonwealth Bank spokesperson also Sydney Morning Herald in an interview that it does not embrace cryptocurrencies because the institution believes they have not been regulated. But, evidently, lack of regulation is not a viable reason to close down the accounts of traders, given that the Australian government has regulated bitcoin as a currency.  “However, we do not currently use or recommend any existing virtual currencies as we do not believe they have yet met a minimum standard of regulation, reliability, and reputation compared to other currencies that we offer to our customers ”.  The Australian government eliminated double taxation on bitcoin in June to revive its local cryptocurrency and bitcoin markets. Without proper banking services, the Australian cryptocurrency industry will not be able to compete with other regions like Singapore and Hong Kong with friendly regulations.  Featured image from Shutterstock,  
INCREASE	   2017 Review: The Year Cryptocurrencies Seized the Mainstream Spotlight Twitter  Two Thousand Seventeen will go down in the history books as a year cryptocurrency made tangible inroads in mainstream finance and commerce, driven by the 1400% rise in bitcoin’s price over the year. Regulatory measures, worrisome network forks and warnings from naysayers could not stop the crypto momentum as consumers and businesses by the millions became first-time cryptocurrency users.  Source: CCN  As bitcoin’s price rose steadily throughout the year, the upward pace gained momentum in the fourth quarter, with the price nearly reaching $20,000 in mid-December.  During the month of November, which saw triple-digit gains in a matter of a few days at a time, bitcoin skeptics with impressive financial credentials joined the “bitcoin’s a bubble” chorus.  As bitcoin use rises, the media pays more attention to it , making more people aware of its use as both an investment and a currency. The convenience of making transactions across borders with minimal transaction fees provides significant benefits to both businesses and individuals.  In 2017, more retailers, both physical and online, accepted bitcoin as a form of payment, including Virgin Galactic, Overstock, TigerDirect, Dish Network, Expedia, Newegg, Microsoft, eGifter, Gyft, Zynga, Starbucks, Subway and Autopartsway.  2017 Began Strong  Bitcoin began the year on a positive note with the U.S. election of Donald Trump last November, who many viewed as pro-bitcoin.  The fall of the Chinese yuan in January drove many investors to seek better opportunities, including cryptocurrencies.  Concern about the bitcoin hard fork – a protocol designed to address slow transaction times as currency use increases – carried over from 2016 into 2017, a concern that gave many observers uncertainty about bitcoin’s future. These concerns were largely put to rest as a series of forks took effect throughout the year.  Source: CCN  Bitcoin continued to surge in August after the execution of the Bitcoin Cash  (BCH) hard fork. Bitcoin Cash blocks can hold up to 8 MB worth of transactions, whereas the original bitcoin is capped at 1 MB.  Investors quickly realized that the hard fork had little to no impact on the bitcoin network and that the activation of the Bitcoin Core development team’s transaction malleability fix and scaling solution Segregated Witness (SegWit) meant that for the first time in the history of bitcoin, the activation of a major scaling solution was locked in and insight.  The bitcoin market used the hard fork as a trigger to establish momentum and continue to increase in value.  As a result, some of the largest bitcoin exchange markets, including the U.S., South Korea, China and Japan, experienced drastic increases in bitcoin demand, as the digital currency hit an all-time global high at the time of $3,470.  The Japanese bitcoin industry, in particular, demonstrated an exponential growth rate in terms of merchant adoption and daily trading volumes of local exchanges. Apart from the Philippines and China, Japan is one of the few markets that has been considering bitcoin as a digital currency rather than as digital gold and a long-term investment.  Bitcoin Cash, for its part, made its mark, eventually challenging Ethereum for the number two cryptocurrency.  The Bitcoin Gold fork launched in October with the goal of making bitcoin more decentralized by blocking the use of ASIC miners. Bitcoin Gold, an altcoin that — like Bitcoin Cash — has a shared blockchain history with bitcoin, delivered a minor temporary setback to bitcoin’s price, which dropped below $5,700 on Oct. 24, as traders rebalanced their portfolios to stake larger positions in altcoins following the Bitcoin Gold hard fork. Ethereum jumped 8%, while two of the top 10 cryptocurrencies — Dash and NEO — posted double-digit increases.  Altogether, the cryptocurrency market cap added about $700 million on Oct. 24, even as bitcoin temporarily dropped more than 3%.  Bitcoin Gold, for its part, fell to $136 in two days  — even amid buying pressure from margin traders who wanted to purchase it to pay back lenders. The price has stabilized since that time, standing at $218.41 on Dec. 30., according to ccn.com.  The impact of the SegWit2x (B2X) hard fork on Dec. 29 was uncertain at this time , but forks, to date, have not delivered negative lasting impact on bitcoin demand. (The SegWit2X should not be confused with a fork led by Jeff Garzik that failed to launch in November. The B2X increases the block size to 4 MB, twice the amount as the earlier SegWit2x proposal.)  What also remains unknown at the present time is whether SegWit2x delivered the solution to slow transaction times.  Most observers voiced no problem with hard forks as a tool for competition and experimentation, even though some see forks as compromising the perception of bitcoin’s limited supply, which they view as critical to its underlying value.  Altcoins Also Fork  Several altcoins also forked in 2017.  Ethereum’s Byzantium hard fork took effect Oct. 16, considered to be the first half of Metropolis, a protocol upgrade that has been planned since 2015. It introduced nine protocols to enhance the network’s privacy, scalability and security. The second phase — Constantinople — does not yet have an official release date but is tentatively scheduled for 2018.  Source: CCN  This marked the fifth time the Ethereum network has undergone a hard fork. The ETH price has appreciated more than 3,000% since its last hard fork in November 2016.  ZenCash, which provides a privacy networking platform, partnered in June with IOHK, a blockchain research and development company, to upgrade to a transaction replay resistant system via a soft fork. The ZenCash platform’s design allows users to conduct shielded transactions that hide information about sender and receiver, as well as the transaction amount. Users can also perform transparent transactions. Communications are encrypted among nodes, delivering certificate-based encryption connections for ZenCash wallet applications.  Monero successfully hardforked in January to add higher levels of privacy and anonymity.  Source: CCN  Political And Economic Factors  Political and economic news tended to enhance cryptocurrency’s standing among investors in 2017.  The war of words between the U.S. and North Korea in August raised the demand for cryptocurrencies at the expense of traditional “safe” havens such as U.S. Treasuries and gold.  In inflation-ravaged Venezuela, bitcoin overtook the bolivar as the main currency, despite attempts by the government to crack down on bitcoin mining.  Other governments continued to seek to regulate cryptocurrencies out of concerns about money laundering and other fraudulent activities.  European regulators are considering joint bitcoin regulation due to concerns about money laundering, drug trafficking and terrorist financing. The governments of India, Singapore and the Philippines have issued warnings about bitcoin. China, meanwhile, banned ICOs and cryptocurrency trading.  Investor Acceptance Grows  Bitcoin also made progress in gaining acceptance among mainstream investors in 2017, as two Chicago trading firms – Cboe and CME – issued bitcoin futures.  In July, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission granted LedgerX LLC registration as a derivatives clearing organization under the Commodities Exchange Act. The company was granted temporary approval to operate as such in 2015.  New York’s department of financial services in January approved Coinbase’s application for a virtual currency and money transmitters license, making it one of the largest bitcoin companies to gain the department’s approval and one of five virtual currency firms granted approval to operate in New York State.  One of the biggest challenges still to be met on the investment front is gaining the government ’s approval for a bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF), which many observers believe will unleash a floodgate of investment capital. In March, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rejected the first bitcoin ETF, causing the price to fall from a high of $1,350 at the time to below. $1,000.  Also read:  Ripple briefly achieves $100 billion market cap, can it be justified?  Market Correction Strikes  Bitcoin’s fourth-quarter surge corrected itself on Dec. 10, as its price shed 25% of its valuation, taking most altcoins down with it, including Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, Litecoin, Cardano, IOTA, NEM, and Monero. The price stabilized around $14,000 in the final days of the year.  The end-of-the-year price correction is not viewed as a sign of a bubble as much as imposition of new regulations on domestic bitcoin exchanges in South Korea, a bitcoin trading hub. Analysts have also attributed the correction to the sudden increase in the value of cryptocurrencies over the past few months. The 25% correction cannot be viewed with alarm against the full year ’s gains.  The South Korean regulations, for their part, are seen by some as a sign of official recognition that will benefit the markets over the long-term and help bitcoin mature into a mainstream asset, even as market traders exhibit uncertainty about how these regulations will affect the markets in the short-term.  Leading altcoins, with the exception of Bitcoin Cash, recovered faster than bitcoin from the recent correction. Ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, Cardano, IOTA, Dash, NEM and EOS all recorded gains of over 10 percent in the days following the Dec. 10 fallout.  Source: CCN  Ripple ’s price surged by 38 percent on Dec. 29, enabling XRP to unseat Ethereum as the second-most valuable cryptocurrency. Ripple managed to tread water during the market downturns, and it has surged during the calm periods in between. In the last week of December, its price leaped by more than 80 percent, bringing it to a present value of $1.63 on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex.  Some analysts claimed that the entrance of institutional money and hedge funds in the cryptocurrency market initially by bitcoin futures has led investors to explore other cryptocurrencies.  Others have attributed the success of altcoins to the scalability issues of bitcoin and the lack of SegWit integration to date.  Nevertheless, the cryptocurrency market as a whole, buoyed by Ripple’s recent rally, grew to $584.8 billion Friday, Dec. 29, a single-day increase of approximately 5% from Thursday, when it was valued at $554.5 billion.  The fourth quarter price surge attracted media attention to bitcoin and cryptocurrencies, causing some reputable financial experts to join the naysayers. Such experts include Ken Griffin, the billionaire founder and CEO of the Citadel hedge fund management firm; Jim Cramer, former hedge fund manager, best-selling author, and host of Mad Money; Nouriel Roubini, an economics professor at New York University’s Stern School of Business; Katsunori Sago, the chief investment officer at Japan Post Bank; Societe Generale Deputy CEO Severin Cabannes; and Credit Suisse CEO Tidjane Thiam.  Meanwhile, bitcoin continues to gain acceptance by businesses and consumers.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Facing Decisive Year in 2018, Says Legendary Investor Twitter  Elevation Partners co-founder and tech investing legend Roger McNamee said that he believes 2018 will be a decisive year for bitcoin.  Why 2018 is Decisive for Bitcoin  Speaking with  CNBC , McNamee  — an early Facebook investor  — explained that next year will be crucial in determining whether bitcoin’s ascent is sustainable over the long-term or whether it will prove to be a short-term asset bubble.  Bitcoin is  “still a very small market in the context of the larger financial world, but it has had a huge year,” McNamee said on “Fast Money.” We ’ve done it around a speculative mania … ”If a mania goes on long enough, it becomes self-fulfilling. Even after a crash, what follows is a legitimate industry. ”  McNamee compared it  — favorably  — to the dotcom bubble that occurred at the turn of the millennium, recognizing that although the bubble caused a brief recession it spawned a legitimate, transformative industry.  The key, he said, is that bitcoin continues to captivate investors long enough that the “mania” becomes “self-fulfilling,” and he believes that this will be apparent by the end of 2018.  “With the amount of activity going on around it, there are people willing to invest the kind of dollars it takes to make a thing like bitcoin into a long-term part of the financial market, ” he said.  “You ’ll have these big swings, up and presumably down, as well. And, you know, wherever that settles out I think will tell us a lot about the role of bitcoin long-term.”  Increased Institutional Involvement Needed to Prevent Collapse, Says Economist  McNamee is not the only industry observer who believes bitcoin has reached a crucial juncture in its short history.  Mohamed El-Erian, the chief economic adviser at European asset management giant Allianz, said earlier this week that he believes bitcoin’s recent downtrend could prove to be a “ moment of truth ” for the upstart cryptocurrency.  Noting that, despite the advent of  bitcoin futures , institutional investors have yet to make a splash in the cryptocurrency markets, he said that how Wall Street responds to the correction could prove decisive in the asset ’s long-term trajectory.  “Either this sharp price correction will act as a catalyst for expanding …institutional involvement in this market  — or it will become a stage in the deflation of a remarkable and historic asset bubble, ” El-Erian concluded.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Slightly Recovers as Ripple Market Cap Drops by $13 Billion Twitter  The bitcoin price has slightly recovered to above $13,500 as the market valuation of Ripple dropped by $20 billion overnight.    Major Shift in Trend  Since December 30, Ripple has regained $7 billion in market cap and is still demonstrating a valuation significantly larger than Ethereum, the third most valuable cryptocurrency in the market.  Over the past few days, the entire cryptocurrency market has experienced a drastic shift in trend. Newly introduced cryptocurrencies like Cardano have demonstrated rapid growth. Cardano in particular surpassed Litecoin in terms of market valuation, achieving a $18 billion market cap.  The dominance index of bitcoin has also declined to an all-time low at 38.3 percent, as alternative cryptocurrencies in the market started to surge in value. While it is difficult to justify the market valuation of most of the cryptocurrencies in the market, it has become worrisome that the combined market valuation of alternative cryptocurrencies surpassed that of bitcoin.  In January of 2017, the dominance index of bitcoin was at over 90 percent and the majority of the funds in the market were stored in bitcoin. 12 months later, as the market enters 2018, the dominance index of bitcoin remains below 39 percent.   Several analysts are still optimistic in bitcoin achieving a trillion dollar market cap by the end of 2018, given its network effect and the adoption by financial institutions. Bitcoin still remains as the only cryptocurrency with full support from major financial institutions building options trading, exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and custodian platforms for retail traders.   Things to look out for in 2018 in  #Bitcoin :  1. Nasdaq Bitcoin Futures 2. NYSE Bitcoin ETFs 3. Cboe Bitcoin ETFs 4. Scaling / Lower Fees 5. More Adoption Due to ↑ 6. Many Billion of Institutional Money Coming to Bitcoin / Crypto  No wonder analysts are so optimistic!  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  December 26, 2017  As CCN previously reported in November, billionaire hedge fund legend Mike Novogratz  stated:  “Bitcoin could be at $40,000 at the end of 2018. It easily could. Ethereum, which I think just touched $500 or is getting close, could be triple where it is as well. There’s a big wave of money coming, not just here but all around the world. What’s different about these coins than other commodities … there is no supply response here. So it’s a speculator’s dream in that as buying happens there’s no new supply response that comes up.”  The bitcoin community, market, and users are also expecting lower transaction fees in 2018, with the implementation of innovative scaling solutions. Developers remain confident that with the activation of Lightning, bitcoin fees can decline below $1. But, that is under the assumption that SegWit is adopted by leading bitcoin service providers like Coinbase and Blockchain. The two companies, which operate the majority of bitcoin wallets, have not integrated SegWit yet, although they plan to do so by the first quarter of 2018.  What Will Happen to Bitcoin?  Many analysts expect 2018 to be a breakout year for bitcoin, after an impressive yearly performance in 2017, with a 14-fold return. While the market valuation of many cryptocurrencies remain very high, without results, active user bases, and activities, they will not be able to retain the current valuations.     Like $10,000 was a psychological threshold for many bitcoin traders, the $1 trillion mark will be a significant milestone for bitcoin that could push its price up significantly higher than the current levels.  
INCREASE	   As Prices Dip, Bitcoin’s Market Dominance Slips Towards New Low –and the Market is Better for It Twitter  It’s dipping season, folks.  Well, it  was  dipping season.  Yesterday, assets all across the cryptocurrency market were getting hammered, and the ubiquitous price dent had 89 out of Coin Market Cap’s top 100 turning red at the time of our first draft ’s initial coverage.  During this latest dip, Bitcoin  went sub $13k .  As of press time, crypto ’s flagship currency has bounced back up to around $14,200 as it ’s climbing away from the lows it hit upon  the recent Christmas correction .  The market has been strapped for confidence since the pre-Christmas flash crash, as Bitcoin’s net worth has fluctuated around the $215-240bln range since the correction.  Depending on these day-to-day ebbs and flows, this puts it down anywhere from 28-36% from its market cap ’s all time high of $333bln.  A Loss in Bitcoin Dominance Could Pave the Way for Alt-coin Confidence  In the wake of the recent correction, however, we’ve witnessed a rare sight: Bitcoin’s market capitalization dominance has fallen below 40%.  The last time this happened, alt-coins were on the come-up of a booming summer market, and Ethereum was breathing down Bitcoin’s neck amidst wild speculations of  the flippening .  During this time, Bitcoin’s market dominance reached a low of 37.29%.  Now, Bitcoin is inching towards this figure once again, entertaining the possibility of an unprecedented low in market dominance.  Over the course of the last two days, crypto’s king has flirted between a 37.5% and 39% share of crypto ’s total marketcap.  If it drops below the 37.29% threshold, we’ll see Bitcoin at its weakest since the market’s inception.  Of course, this came at a time when the rest of the market was suffering, as well, with the exception of a few outliers.   Ripple was one of these exceptions , surging to a new all time high yesterday of $2.84.  This situation calls to mind Ethereum’s gaining on Bitcoin back in June, as Ripple’s current capitalization is $90bln, nearly half of Bitcoin’s own.  Difference being, of course, Ripple is one of the only currencies actually performing well right now, while Ethereum’s surge came with a rising tide of alt-coin prices.  Still, Bitcoin’s neutered market dominance is good for one thing: it mitigating the impact of the latest correction.  But everything still bled out for a while there, right?  Well, yes, but when we compare this correction to those in months past, a more evenly distributed share of market wealth is stanching loses.   For example, let ’s compare our latest dip to one from last September. Over the course of about two weeks, Bitcoin’s price fell 40% from an all time high of $5,000.  The market followed suit, dropping 44% to $100bln from a high of $180bln just 13 days prior.  At the time, Bitcoin boasted a market dominance of ~45%, and as the data indicates, crypto’s overall market cap seemed fettered to Bitcoi n’s fluctuations. Just take a look at charts for both Bitcoin’s price and the total market ’s value during the September correction –they’re practically identical.      On a smaller scale, an end of November correction tells a similar story.  As Bitcoin lost 19% of its value, the market ’s overall capitalization dropped a nearly identical 20%.  During this dip, Bitcoin owned a healthy majority of the market at 55%.  But it looks as though times have changed.  Since peeking its head just above $20k on December 17th, Bitcoin has lost 30% of its value with its current price floating around $14,000.  Meanwhile, cryptocurrency’s net worth is only down 6% since Bitcoin began its most recent downward trend. The market hit an all time high of $654bln on December 21st, and at press time, it is valued at approximately $610bln.  Even as alts suffered losses yesterday, the market was only down 13% from its December 21st high.  All the while, Bitcoin’s market dominance has made a steady recession from 55% to its current 38.6% share.  I’m not going to tell you that Bitcoin is dying, nor am I going to try to argue that the market hasn ’t taken a hit thanks to the Christmas correction –most coins suffered loses from their all time highs, and its likely that your portfolio has come down with a case of post-holiday scarlet fever.  But I will say that, when we compare this pullback to corrections in the past, alt-coins and the market in general are fairing much better than they would be if Bitcoin held a majority of overall market value. Whereas the market ’s losses have been nearly synonymous with Bitcoin ’s own over the course of 2017, it appears that cryptocurrency as a whole is slowly but surely breaking free of the ties that bind its fate to Bitcoin’s.  If 2018 brings balance to market dominance within cryptocurrency’s top 10, this could usher in a new era of alt-coin confidence, and it could also hedge investing risks by distributing wealth more proportionally across all market assets.    So keep an eye on Bitcoin’s market dominance heading into the new year, and don’t despair too much over your sickly portfolio –it could be much worse.  Disclaimer: The views expressed in the article are solely that of the author and do not represent those of, nor should they be attributed to CCN.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Alive and Safe: Kidnapped Cryptocurrency Exchange Executive Found After 3 Days Twitter  As recently  reported by CCN , 40-year-old IT specialist Pavel Lerner was recently kidnapped in Kiev, Ukraine on December 26. Lerner was reportedly forced into a Mercedes-Benz Vito by unknown assailants wearing dark clothes and balaclavas during the afternoon.  At the time of CCN’s piece it was known authorities were investigating the case, and U.K.-registered cryptocurrency exchange  EXMO  said it was doing all it could to help find Lerner. According to  Quartz , the exchange recently released a statement revealing it managed to het a hold of him, adding that he is “safe, and there was no physical harm inflicted on him.” It stressed he is currently “in a state of major stress.”  Given his current state, Pavel “will not provide any official comments” in the next few days. EXMO’s statement further added that Pavel’s abduction story has “overgrown with rumors that might tamper with the official investigation,” and as such it won’t comment on any possible scenario.  According to the statement, Pavel Lerner is a leading analyst at the exchange, not a director or CEO as reported by CCN and other mainstream media outlets, and a blockchain expert who, separately, leads various projects. The company restated that his role didn’t involve access to its users’ financial assets, and that the platform is still running as usual.  The statement ends thanking the cryptocurrency community for its support, and promising timely updates. It reads:  “EXMO team is deeply grateful to the cryptocurrency community and the media for their active support. We promise to timely provide any updates on the situation.”  After Lerner’s abduction, EXMO revealed through Twitter it was hit with a Distributed Denial of Service track (DDoS), which at the time led some to believe the abduction might’ve been politically motivated, as the Ukrainian executive was open about his connections with the exchange.  At press time,  EXMO is currently the 20th largest cryptocurrency exchange  and one of the most prominent in Ukraine, with a $133 million daily trading volume. It offers various crypto to fiat trading pairs, including crypto to Russian rubles. It reportedly has about 90,000 active users trading on its platform.  Details of Lerner’s kidnapping and current whereabouts are unclear. Given that EXMO refrains from commenting the case and Pavel himself is presumably recovering from the incident, we’ll have to wait for the investigation to progress.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   $1.52: Ripple Price Surges 15%, Now Worth More Than Uber Twitter  For the second time this week, the Ripple price has achieved a new all-time high at $1.52, surging by more than 15 percent overnight and obtaining a market cap of $59 billion.  Ripple price against bitcoin  According to The Wall Street Journal, the $70 billion market valuation of Uber dropped by $20 billion over a period of 24 hours after SoftBank, Japan’s largest technology investment firm, acquired a 20 percent stake in Uber, valuing the company at $50 billion.  Having established a new all-time high, Ripple is now bigger than both Uber and Didi Chuxing, two of the largest technology startups in the global market with a market cap of above $50 billion.  Billion Dollar Startup Club by WSJ  Ophir Gottlieb, the CEO at Capital Market Labs, a member of Thomson Reuters First Call Institutional Research, stated that the price of Ripple is increasing at a rapid rate due to its potential in regions like South Korea and Japan wherein large-scale financial institutions, banks, and credit card companies have already adopted the blockchain-based technologies of Ripple.  Ripple surpassing the market valuation of Ripple can be easily justified said Gottlieb, emphasizing the larger market Ripple can penetrate into than Uber.  “Ripple ’s total addressable market is $5 trillion a day in trans-country currency exchange (currently on SWIFT), or over a quadrillion dollars a year. Ripple the technology (not necessary the digital currency) is a much bigger idea than Uber,”  Gottlieb explained.  But, it is also difficult and inaccurate to justify a market valuation of a currency purely based on total addressable market, because RIpple is yet to process even small fraction of the transaction volume of the global finance and currency exchange market, while Uber has been dominating the car sharing market for many years.  More to that, if the market valuation of any cryptocurrency can be justified by total addressable market, bitcoin’s market cap can be in the trillions as of now, given that it is the $40 trillion offshore banking industry, $8 trillion gold market, and the global fiat currency system it is attempting to replace.  Ripple’s Connections  While it is not fair and accurate to justify Ripple’s market cap based on its potential and total addressable market, it can be said that its connections and partnerships with some 90 banks in Japan and South Korea can justify its recent price increase.  Previously,  CCN reported  that major Japanese financial institution SBI Holdings and its joint venture firm with RIpple SBI Ripple Asia have formed a consortium of credit card companies that will implement Ripple’s technologies in the upcoming months.  “We are going to invest in the ecosystem to both help accelerate the adoption of Ripple’s technology,” said Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse on CNBC’s Squawk Alley. “One of the things we all have to remember is the value of a token over the long term is really going to be driven by its utility. There’s no question there’s a lot of hype in this system.”  CCN also revealed that Ripple has settled $180 million in payments for the Swedish bank SEB, processing cross-border payments for high profile clients.   If Ripple can build a client base of leading banks and settle billions of dollars worth of payments on a daily basis, its price and market valuation as a payments firm will further increase from its current levels.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin, Cryptocurrencies are Like Ponzi Schemes, Says India’s Government Twitter  In a public warning on Friday, India’s finance ministry cautioned citizens against investing in virtual currencies like bitcoin, likening them to ponzi schemes.  India’s Ministry of Finance issued a  statement  today cautioning people ‘against risks investing in virtual currencies including Bitcoin’, claiming they lack intrinsic value and aren’t backed by any assets. ‘Mere speculation’ is driving prices of bitcoin and other virtual currencies, the finance ministry said.  An excerpt from the notice read:  There is a real and heightened risk of investment bubble of the type seen in ponzi schemes which can result in sudden and prolonged crash exposing investors, especially retail consumers losing their hard-earned money. Consumers need to be alert and extremely cautious as to avoid getting trapped in such Ponzi schemes.  Cryptocurrencies aren’t backed by government fiat money and aren’t considered legal tender, the finance ministry added, adding that their transactions are encrypted and are therefore ‘likely’ being used for illegal activities such as ‘terror-funding, smuggling, drug trafficking and other money-laundering acts.’  Further, the ministry warned investors that they adopting or trading cryptocurrencies “entirely at their risk” due to a lack of consumer protection. They ‘should best avoid participating’ in cryptocurrencies, the authority added, leaving no illusion as to where it stands on acknowledging decentralized cryptocurrencies.  The ministry also pointed to three separate cautions by India’s central bank in  late 2013 ,  February 2017  and  December 2017  voicing similar warnings to today’s statement.  Repeated cautions aside, India’s bitcoin industry remains unregulated by the government despite moves to research and develop  a regulatory framework  for cryptocurrencies in India. Last month, India’s Supreme Court called on the government to get the ball rolling on developing a framework to “regulate the flow of Bitcoin” in the country.  In spite of today’s warning, India’s finance ministry – like the central bank before it – hasn’t announced a blanket ban on cryptocurrency trading nor has it introduced any curbs to put barriers on the adoption and trading of cryptocurrencies.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Stabilizes at $14,200 After Dipping Below $13,500 Amidst Correction Twitter  The bitcoin price has stabilized at $14,500 after dipping below $13,500 yesterday. Analysts have attributed the recent dip in the price of bitcoin to now-refuted rumors that the South Korean government was planning to ban bitcoin exchanges.   Bitcoin Demonstrating Signs of Recovery  On December 28,  CCN reported  that unconfirmed rumors around a potential cryptocurrency exchange ban by the South Korean government were false. But, FUD within the global cryptocurrency market led the price of bitcoin decrease along with other alternative cryptocurrencies in the market, with the exception of Ripple.  This week, the South Korean government released three regulatory frameworks it intends to impose in the upcoming months.   South Korean govt ’s  #Bitcoin  regulations from this week:  1. Gov ’t will impose regulations based on global trend. 2. Special cryptocurrency law drafted, 
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Exchange Poloniex Mandates ID Requirements for Legacy Users Twitter  US-based cryptocurrency-only exchange Poloniex is pushing legacy customers to comply with updated customer identification requirements.  Among the earliest crypto-only exchanges, Poloniex is  mandating  new customer identification and verification requirements upon legacy account holders as the platform pledges its commitment to complying with all relevant laws as a registered money services firm. The firm also has a deadline, to be announced sometime in Q1 2018, beyond which legacy accounts that haven’t complied with the updated verification requirements will effectively be  disabled. The long-running exchange stopped short of revealing the number of legacy accounts currently in use.  Presumably, the new requirements are to comply with revamped know-your-customer (KYC) norms that are being enforced by regulators in the United States and beyond. Users risk seeing their trading and lending disabled if their legacy accounts remain unverified beyond the deadline. Features like auto-renewals in loans and open orders will also go inactive.  Users with margin positions will be offered an ‘8 week wind-down period’ to comply with the new norms, after which the positions will be closed.  Once verified, legacy accounts will also see their daily withdrawal limits increased to $25,000/day, compared to the current limit of $2,000 per day.  Poloniex’s updated customer ID requirements come at a time when global cryptocurrency markets move to comply with local relevant laws that are pointedly mandating KYC rules to avoid money-laundering and tax evasion. For instance, South Korean authorities announced upcoming rules yesterday to  ban anonymous cryptocurrency trading  in the country, now among the largest crypto-trading markets in the world.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ark Investment CEO: Bitcoin is Bigger Than Apple Twitter  Catherine Wood, CEO of Ark Investment Management, told  CNBC  that bitcoin is a “bigger idea” than Apple.  “I know a lot of people say, ‘don’t compare this to Apple, which is nearing a trillion dollars, but this is so much bigger than even Apple, which is a pretty big idea. ”  She said her fund cannot own bitcoin directly. So in 2015, Ark Investment Management bought shares of the  Bitcoin Investment Trust.  Bitcoin at the time was trading below $250. This month, it neared $20,000.  BIT Expected To Triple  Wall Street strategist Tom Lee predicts that the Bitcoin Investment Trust could triple in value  by 2022 if his bitcoin price predictions prove to be correct.  At present, the Bitcoin Investment Trust — the flagship product of Barry Silbert’s Grayscale Investments — is the only publicly-quoted bitcoin investment vehicle in the U.S. market available to institutional investors. Unlike most of the firms that have applied for bitcoin ETFs, GBTC holds the underlying assets directly instead of trading in derivatives contracts.  The trust’s value to investors has been subject to debate, as its shares have traded at a significant premium over the net asset value (NAV) of the underlying asset. At one point during August, GBTC shares leaped to double the NAV, although the spread settled down to about 20% in October.  Despite the premium price,  Lee  wrote in a report that “GBTC at $688 and with 20% NAV premium is an attractive way to gain exposure to bitcoin,” stating that the NAV spread is inaccurate because it does not factor in the value of the airdropped coins from Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin Gold, altcoins that were created from bitcoin forks. When Lee wrote his report, those assets added a combined $53 to the NAV of GB TC shares.  Also read:  ARK Cryptocurrency Ecosystem announces official ARK token exchange campaign  Ark On The Move  ARK Investment Management LLC recently acquired a new position in Facebook Inc. during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), reported Banglore Weekly. The company acquired 65,981 shares of the social networking company’s stock, valued at approximately $7,591,000. Facebook comprises 2.8% of ARK Investment Manag ement LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 10th largest position.  Wood founded ARK in January 2014, after completing 12 years as the chief investment officer of Global Thematic Strategies for Alliance Bernstein managing over $5 billion AUM.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Survey: 31% of South Korean Professionals are Cryptocurrency Investors Twitter  An employment platform’s survey has revealed 3 out of 10 office workers polled in South Korea are cryptocurrency investors.  In a survey published on Wednesday by Seoul-based online employment platform Saramin, 31.3% of 931 office-goers polled claimed to be invested in cryptocurrencies, with an average investment of ₩5.56 million (approx. $5,170) per individual.  At least 1 in 10 individuals (12.9%) claimed an investment of over ₩10 million, or $9,300. The results of the poll, revealed by the  Korea Times , underlined the heightened interest among everyday retail investors in adopting cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. Of those polled, 18.3% said they invested between ₩1 million- ₩ 2 million while 44% had poured in less than ₩1 million into cryptocurrency investments.  “It seemed to be the fastest way to make money,” was the explanation that saw a majority consensus of 54.2%, when asked for the reason behind their investment. A further 48% got investing “with a small amount of money” to test the waters. Of the investors, 80.3%  South Korea is firmly established as the world’s largest cryptocurrency trading markets, totaling an estimated 20% of the world’s daily traded bitcoin. Korean investors are also driving prices of other mainstream cryptocurrencies like Monero and Ripple in recent days. The heightened appetite for cryptocurrencies among everyday investors and new adopters has led to  soaring premiums  amid a lack of supply.  The appeal of cryptocurrencies has permeated into Korean society to such an extent that South Korean prime minister Lee Nak-yon called it a “ pathological phenomenon ” less than a month ago. Earlier today, a Reuters report claimed the South Korean government was  imposing curbs  on cryptocurrency trading with a particular focus on effectively putting an end to anonymous transactions and trading.  Korean cryptocurrency adopters are also likely to see the country’s tax authority  enforce capital gains taxes  on their investments in the coming months.  Featured image from  Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   As Bitcoin Hard Forks Go, ‘SegWit2x’ Launches With Little Support Twitter  The  “SegWit2x ” hard fork activated on Thursday at Bitcoin block 501451, but so far it has struggled to gain support from both users and cryptocurrency services.  ‘SegWit2x ’ Hard Fork Activates  Leading up to the fork, SegWit2x (B2X) futures surged in value, peaking above $1,200 on Dec. 27. This was likely because, due to the naming of the fork, many people mistakenly believed that it was a relaunch of the Jeff Garzik-led project that had  failed to activate  in November. However, despite what a SegWit2x spokesperson  told CCN in an email , this fork should not be considered a continuation of the former protocol upgrade.  Source: CoinMarketCap  As CCN detailed in an earlier piece covering the fork, B2X has a different development team  — with  questionable qualifications   — as well as  significantly-altered protocol specifications , which include changing the hashing and difficulty adjustment algorithms, blocktime, and address structure. Moreover, the B2X fork actually increases the blocksize to 4MB, not the 2MB suggested in the proposal’s name and advocated by the original SegWit2x backers.  Presumably because traders began to realize this, B2X plunged on Dec. 28. and is currently trading at just $323. Trading volume has also been incredibly thin during B2X ’s first full day on exchanges, and the coin ’s 24-hour volume is just $5.3 million.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Cryptocurrency Services Shun B2X  This lack of launch-day support from exchanges is indicative of a larger that SegWit2x faces  — assuming it is not an outright scam  — as it seeks to establish itself as a sustainable cryptocurrency.  The network does not appear to have much support from mining pools, and the B2X team has been  encouraging  miners to use the developer-created pool.  Moreover, Freewallet is the only noteworthy wallet service to  confirm  that it will support B2X. Trezor, one of the most popular hardware wallet manufacturers, has said it will not support the fork as it appears to be a  “ premined scam , ” pointing to the fact that the developers are seizing the coins airdropped to wallets belonging to Bitcoin creator Satoshi Nakamoto.  If bitcoin holders do intend to interact with the forked blockchain, they should do so with the utmost caution and avoid entering importing their private keys into a B2X wallet until they have moved their entire BTC balance to a new address.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ripple Mania: How Big Can the Bankers ’ Cryptocurrency Get? Twitter  For a brief period of time, Ripple overtook Ethereum to become the second largest cryptocurrency in the global market behind bitcoin, with a $72 billion market valuation, on December 29.  Ripple Mania in South Korea  Since then, the market cap of Ripple has fallen slightly from $72 billion to $70.3 billion, allowing Ethereum to regain its position as the second largest cryptocurrency.  It is the second time this year that a cryptocurrency has overtaken Ethereum in market valuation. In November, Bitcoin Cash briefly surpassed the market valuation of Ethereum, during a period in which the SegWit2x hard fork proposal was rejected by the market and the majority of SegWIt2x supporters moved to Bitcoin Cash.  At the time, Buterin wrote:   Congrats on this. Seriously.  @rogerkver   @JihanWu   @deadalnix   pic.twitter.com/UXYdEcRn4y  — Vitalik Buterin (@VitalikButerin)  November 12, 2017  Over the past few weeks, CCN reported on several occasions that the demand for Ripple from South Korea and Japan are fueling its price growth. At the time of reporting, the price of Ripple in South Korea remains above $2, more than 10 percent higher than the global average price.  The demand for Ripple has surged in the two countries because of the partnership between Japanese banks led by SBI Ripple Asia and South Korean financial conglomerates to integrate Ripple’s blockchain-based technologies by January 2018. Ripple Labs and the developers of the Ripple network expected many billions of dollars to be processed on the RIpple network on a regular basis .  Price of cryptocurrencies on Korbit  As Korbit founder and CEO Tony Lyu told Nathaniel Poppers of The New York Times, once investors in the South Korean market are optimistic about a certain asset and its value continues to increase, every trader in the market moves towards that particular asset. The South Korean cryptocurrency exchange is very strongly affected by FOMO or fear of missing out.  “Word just spreads really fast in Korea. Once people are invested, they want everyone else to join the party. There’s been this huge, almost a community movement around this,” said Lyu.  Last month, the South Korean market rallied behind Bitcoin Cash, pushing the price of BCH in the local market to $3,700. This month, Ripple has been the focal point of the portfolios of South Korean investors.  Peter Brandt, an experienced and highly respected trader,  stated  that any investment or trade by FOMO is discouraged and it is an emotion which investors should not reflect on their trades.  “In my opinion, FOMO is one of the absolute worst emotions a trader can possess. I cannot count the number of traders I know who tapped out over FOMO. Learn to resist it or it will bury you,” said Brandt. “It ’s my contention that many cryptomaniacs misunderstand FOMO. Markets thrust higher not because of buying from FOMO, but markets sense those with FOMO are missing out. When mass FOMO finally throws in the towel to buy its a top of some scale.”  Also, in a minor market like South Korea, cryptocurrency investors often look for reaffirmations by prominent traders or institutions to justify their trades. For local traders, the wide adoption of RIpple by leading banks has been a go signal for investment.  Is Ripple Sustainable?  Earlier this year, Ripple processed $180 million for Swedish bank SEB. If Ripple can process many billions of dollars on a daily basis on behalf of its partner banks, the high market cap of Ripple can be justified.  However, the market cap and price of Ripple should not be justified by TAM, or total addressable market, but rather with actual transaction volumes and user activity.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Flirts With $14,000 as Ripple Nips at Ethereum ’s Heels Twitter  The bitcoin price held relatively stable on Friday, continuing to flirt with $14,000 amidst its general downtrend. The ripple price, meanwhile, leaped nearly 35 percent and has begun to nip at ethereum ’s heels as the two cryptocurrencies jockey for the second place in the market cap rankings.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Buoyed by ripple ’s rally, the cryptocurrency market cap grew to $584.8 billion, a single-day increase of approximately five percent from Thursday when it was valued at $554.5 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Flirts With $14,000  The  bitcoin price  continued to flirt with the $14,000 mark on Bitfinex, the largest exchange with a BTC/USD trading pair. After fluctuating between $13,826 and $15,131, the bitcoin price ended the day on the lower end, at $14,014. Due to large premiums on Bithumb and other Korean exchanges, the global average bitcoin price is currently $14,444, which translates into a market cap of $242.2 billion.  Bitcoin Price Chart  As CCN has  reported , at least a portion of bitcoin ’s recent downtrend can be attributed to South Korea ’s imposition of new regulations on domestic bitcoin exchanges. Although analysts believe the regulations will benefit the markets over the long-term and help bitcoin mature into a mainstream asset in Korea, traders continue to exhibit uncertainty about how these regulations will affect the markets in the short-term.  Ripple Aims to Unseat Ethereum  The day ’s most interesting action occurred just one spot lower, where a surging ripple challenged ethereum for the second post in the market cap rankings.  The ethereum price posted a three percent gain for the day, bringing it to $721 on Bitfinex and $742 overall, which translates into a $71.8 billion market cap.  Ethereum Price Chart  The  ripple price , meanwhile, exploded by 35 percent, raising it to just below $1.60 on Bitfinex and increasing its global average to $1.83. At the height of its rally, ripple managed to surpass ethereum in the rankings to become the  second-most valuable cryptocurrency , although by the time of writing it had slipped back into third with a market cap of $70.9 billion.  Ripple Price Chart  Cardano Rises to Sixth  Led by ripple, the total altcoin market cap grew to $340 billion, bringing it within $25 billion of its all-time high. However, the gains were not evenly distributed.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Both bitcoin cash and litecoin posted moderate declines, with BCH dropping seven percent to $2,439 and LTC dipping five percent to $240. Cardano, meanwhile, made a 20 percent rally, raising its market cap to $12.1 billion and vaulting ADA to the sixth spot in the rankings.  IOTA, now ranked seventh, increased by four percent, although its market cap continued to languish just below the $10 billion mark. The NEM price rose 13 percent and appears poised to reach dollar parity, while the dash price rose one percent to $1,112. Monero rounded out the top 10 with a three percent decline to $363.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ripple Price Surges 38%, Unseats Ethereum as Second-Largest Cryptocurrency Twitter  Ripple price surged by 38 percent on Friday, enabling XRP to unseat ethereum as the second-most valuable cryptocurrency.  Ripple Unseats Ethereum as Second-Largest Cryptocurrency  Ripple ’s  late-December rally  has been nothing short of breathtaking. The  ripple price  has managed to tread water during the market downturns, and it has surged during the calm periods in between. In the past week alone, the ripple price has leaped by more than 80 percent, bringing it to a present value of $1.63 on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex.  XRP Price Chart  However, because XRP trading is heavily-concentrated in South Korea  — where it trades at a significant premium  — the global average ripple price is actually much higher. Bithumb alone accounts for 33 percent of all XRP trading volume, and insatiable demand from its traders has pushed the regional ripple price up to $2.10.  Source: CoinMarketCap  At present, the ripple ’s global average is $1.87, which represents a 29,000 percent increase from January 1, when it was valued at less than one cent.  Ripple ’s market cap is now $72.4 billion. This makes XRP roughly $800 million more valuable than ethereum, which  — apart from a brief period in May  — had maintained the second-largest market cap for the entire year.  Source: CoinMarketCap  This is even more remarkable considering that, just six months ago, ethereum came quite close to supplanting bitcoin for the top spot in the market cap rankings.  Ripple Price Surge Fueled by South Korea  Ripple ’s rally has been led by South Korean traders and has been predicated on several recent announcements that Ripple has made regarding its activity in the region.  Earlier this week, Nikkei  reported  that SBI Ripple Asia had formed a partnership with a consortium of Japanese credit card processors, an announcement that came just two weeks after a group of South Korean and Japanese banks  chose to use Ripple tech  to conduct a cross-border blockchain-based payments trial.  Finally, Ripple has benefited from the revelation that although South Korean regulators are passing new measures to  increase oversight  of domestic cryptocurrency exchanges and cool off the heated cryptocurrency markets, rumors that the government would seek an outright ban on cryptocurrency trading have been proven unfounded.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Introducing Quadum: Beating the Market, One Algorithm at a Time Through Quadum Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Alfred Winslow Jone put the Hedge in Hedge Fund. With him began the most traditional way of making investment decisions called Fundamental Hedge Funds. We’ll understand this more simply:  Imagine being locked in a room. This room has three different bulbs having different characteristics. Now, these bulbs go on and off automatically (after no set interval of time). You get rewarded $100 each time you guess correctly when will a particular bulb go on or off.   You investigate a little and find out that they were also manufactured at different places and was also made up of different materials. When you put everything you researched about the bulbs together and make inferences about the bulb’s on/off status, you have basically done Fundamental Research. Pretty simple right? It would have been if it was easy to make a calculated guess  about a bulb’s on or off situation based only on such a fundamental research.   Thus, when Fundamental Hedge Funds started to fail at correctly understanding the market, Quantitative Hedge Funds started to come in the picture. But what is this Quantitative Hedge Fund?  Imagine the same room again with the same bulbs. You still have to make inferences about the bulb being on or off but this time you will make a more systematic attempt.  Say you choose two things that will decide if the Bulb A will be on or off at time T. Let’s say, these two things are: the material and the owner. You use a systematic (famously called, mathematical) model for your interpretation. For example,  Output variable YA will predict if the bulb A will be on or off at time T.  YA = a
INCREASE	   The Bot in the Blockchain Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Cryptocurrency trading is an expanding market that’s becoming impossible to track. With every week that goes by, a new altcoin finds its place on the Blockchain. Keeping up the variety is becoming increasingly more challenge for both newcomers and experienced crypto traders.  A viable solution could be a bridge built between Blockchain and the chatbot industry. There’s no secret that chatbots are everywhere in the digital realm. Platforms like Facebook Messenger, WeChat, Slack and WhatsApp, have been providing businesses a unique opportunity to reach their audience on a more personal level.   In many industries, chatbots are now a necessity. The evolution of  Blockchain technology  had led to the creation of thousands of altcoins. Throughout 2017, crypto traders have been boosting altcoin rates and volume to staggering amounts. Who would have thought that Ripple would reach an  all-time-high this December , trading at a historic rate of $1 (going up 400 percent in two weeks)? Because there’s no way of knowing what happens in the altcoin scenario, or when it happens, has triggered a need to develop a bot on the Blockchain.  Bot alert!   In spite of increasing in value,  Bitcoin has already started losing its share  in overall market capitalization. Market caps of several altcoins with potential is worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Being one step ahead of other traders, factoring all events and trends that shape the altcoin market is challenging.   A bot that pings users every time a spike occurs, or a new altcoin generating buzz emerges, could help solve some of the concerns. Trading cryptocurrency has become a contact sport. You can’t play it from the sidelines. If you want to win  – or at least, get the opportunity  – you have to get on the field.   Good tradings are done by recognizing market trends ahead of time. Newcomers to the crypto world are skeptical to invest in altcoins they’ve never heard of. But if they were to be kept in the loop, chances are they would be more willing to trade.  To buy or not to buy altcoins?   To buy or not to buy altcoins? That is the question. In the crypto world, the problem is not just about “what altcoin to buy,” but also about “when to buy.”  CryptoPing  is the know-it-all assistant bot that pings crypto market changes and advises traders when it might be a good time to invest.   With over 80,000 traders currently using the app, CryptoPing manages signals from the most important exchanges via its own Telegram bot. 21k+ signals about altcoins, unusual market actions and crypto assets were already generated by the bot. With an already tested and verified algorithm in place, the company aims to build a social trading platform targeted at both new and exper ienced crypto traders.   CryptoPing ’s plan for the future is to release a standalone app similar to messenger apps, but for receiving bot signals. The app will be integrated into the current system, to allow CryptoPing engineers to develop an automatic trading functionality less prone to hacking than existing server-based trading apps.   Some of the bot’s most recent features include additional filtered data, such as individual account historic recap, asset price/volume percentage increase, activity personalization by exchange, and numerous asset-specific insights: market cap, whitelist/blacklist, ICO or no-ICO. Throughout 2017, CryptoPing’s price performance of assets based on its signaling increased by 2.5%  > 100%+ within 24 hours, and by 7.1%  > 100%+ within a week.   The future of altcoins might be in the hands a bot. With the right amount of information and the right technology, a virtual assistant powered by Blockchain technology could reshape the way altcoins with potential are perceived and traded.   
INCREASE	   Tokens Will Change How You Are Incentivized to Share Knowledge Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  One thing Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger always emphasize is the power of incentives. People always act in their own self-interest and to assume otherwise is to ignore all the prime tenets of human nature.  Knowing this, you would think entrepreneurs would put more time into factoring incentive structures into their business plans. But this isn’t always the case. More often, you will find that a business plan depends on people acting in good faith.  There are companies like Wikipedia where this has worked well, but the question is whether they could work better. The free model of Wikipedia means they need to ask for charitable donations every few months in order to keep the lights on and have the company continue to function.  Other websites that depend on the good faith of others are Quora, Survey Monkey and Stack Overflow. Questions and surveys are answered for free by those who have specialized knowledge and spare time. There are no incentives in place, which means fewer people answer these questions.  These platforms currently depend on goodwill  It is an amazing thing that these platforms can continue to exist without paying the contributors. This just goes to show how good some people are. These people, who usually have some very niche knowledge, will take time out of their day to write out long answers to other users’ questions.  The question can then be raised, how many more people would contribute if they were going to be compensated for their time? Labor is currently not being compensated and as a result, you must imagine that much fewer people are writing answers or taking surveys.  It is easy to come to the conclusion that the quality and quantity of content being contributed to the system would increase dramatically if there were some sort of incentives in place to compensate this “unpaid labor.”  There is also only a limited amount of attention in the world, which is why readers need to be selective about what they read. The best way to handle this attention is by providing top content in record time. By increasing the value of each piece of content, you can be sure to deliver the content with the top utility to the reader.  The future will see this business model revolutionized  Business models will need to be significantly revamped in the future. Right now, companies like Google work to get the most relevant information to customers by displaying it in the first few search results. When you use Google, you are doing it as an efficient investment of your time because you know how well it worked previously.  Social media is still much more inefficient than Google, and entrepreneurs are trying to fix that. Steemit is a website devoted to promoting the best content and paying content-providers from a “reward pool.” By doing this, they are able to improve user experience and have a more valuable platform.  Qurito is following the same path by using Blockchain technology  to create a knowledge sharing platform  that rewards contributors with tokens. For every question, survey and poll that is answered, there is the ability to be compensated for your time.  How will Qurito change the industry?  The global network of Qurito will change the structure of the entire knowledge-sharing industry. There will always be a free model like Quora, but for those who value their time, they will now be able to get paid in exchange for their information.  Contributors are going to love that they can now monetize their spare time and put the knowledge they have built up over the years to good use. Even a small reward would make a contributor feel good about how they have put their time to use.  One potential downside is that people who previously enjoyed the charitable aspect of other platforms won’t want to participate in the commercialized version. Sometimes it is better to feel like you are doing something good than receiving a small reward that is akin to underpaying you for your time.  Qurito  is an entirely free service, but users will be able to propose answers of higher quality, speed and accuracy for a fee. Thanks to  Qurito , everyone is going to be able to satisfy their curiosity more quickly. Token-based platforms are likely to pop up in different spaces in the future to solve currently unmet needs, and the knowledge-sharing space is one example that will benefit in the immediate future.  
INCREASE	   2017: Crypto Review of the Year Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  As 2018 is about to take over and while everyone is counting yearly incomes, making ambitious plans for the upcoming year, there comes a perfect time to take a look back at the year that we had and review what happened to the cryptocurrencies market. ICO boom, Bitcoin mania, huge hype for blockchain, futures on Bitcoin launch, Asian regulations  – let’s see which crypto events and trends 2017  brought us.  Events and Trends of the year  One of the most important trends of the year is, of course,   massive growth of Bitcoin , as well as altcoins. In November the cryptomarket witnessed the unbelievable  – the Bitcoin price reached a truly  psychological mark of 10K. In less than a month it briefly grazed a 20K threshold, diving into a correction afterwards. A lot of people still perceive the cryptocurrency market as a bubble, but we won’t know it’s a bubble until it pops, would we? At least, it’s quite an expensive bubble. Even though Morgan Stanley analysts suggested that the real value of Bitcoin might be $0. Bitcoin  market cap  is $320 billion, while the whole market capitalization hit $650 billion. This perfectly shows that from the very beginning Bitcoin has shown a 2000% growth. Market cap has outrun Facebook capitalization and is very close to the Microsoft’s cap. ICO market  is booming and blooming.  In December, the amount of money raised on ICO reached and surpassed the record-breaking $4 billion mark.  During the three quarters of the year, at least one ICO per day was held. On April 1st,  Japan   – and it’s no joke  – allowed virtual currencies as a legal form of payment. Even in spite of Japanese Finance Minister saying that Bitcoin was yet to prove itself as a “credible currency”, the number of cryptocurrency exchanges was growing. Up until September, over a half of all Bitcoin tradings in the world were made in Japanese Yen. Moreover, lately one of  local internet companies claimed that in 2018 they would pay some salaries to their employees in the form of cryptocurrency. Isn’t it “all in”? As for the Russian blockchain industry, the hero of the year is still the almighty  Vitalik Buterin , the famous Ethereum creator. Earlier this year media was all about  his  meeting with Russian president Vladimir Putin  at the International Economic Forum in St. Petersburg. The conversation between these too was totally private, surrounded by various rumors. But the thing is that after this tete-a-tete, the Russian government has changed its attitude towards blockchain and switched it from “ban it forever” to “make sure the legal status of cryptocurrencies and blockchain is settled before the summer of 2018”.  As blockchain is slowly making its way in Russia, it’s about to be adopted next door  – in Belarus. The Union State president, Alexander Lukashenko, signed a decree that has legalized transactions in crypto-currencies. “All smart and intelligent people know what stability and order are,” Lukashenko said. “They’re all trying to reach that shore. We’re prepared to arrange a dock and even a harbor.” In December, Bitcoin took Wall Street, when two Chicago exchanges  – CME Group and CBOE  – started trading futures on Bitcoin. As of now, for example, February futures are traded for an average price of $18,870. Some important tech upgrades to blockchain took place in 2017. The best example is a SegWit implementation, which significantly improved Bitcoin protocol, enlarged a transaction volume and therefore has speeded it up.  ICO of the year  If you want a successful ICO, make it last … for a year. This is exactly what developers of  EOS , an infrastructure for decentralized applications, have done  – on the very first day the tokensale hit the $200 million mark, and ever since 2 million EOS tokens have been selling everyday.   Filecoin  made everyone excited, when managed to raise $257 million on a regulated ICO, which means that every tokensale participant  – there were banks, large companies and high net individuals  – had to go through a precise verification process. Thus Filecoin team not only managed to filter their own clients, but also to fulfill the  US Security Exchange Commission on ICO market regulations.   Cindicator,  a platform providing financial analysis using Hybrid Intelligence technology, also closed their ICO, raising $15 million and using Whitelist policy during the sale. A whitelist is basically the same thing as a waitlist  – only that you have to be put on the list and also verified.  One of the fastest ICOs this year, definitely a “ninja” sale, belongs to  Bancor . The team managed to raise $153 million within just 3 hours. As for the speed and the volume of growth, the winners’ stand is taken by the following coins: Qtum jumped from $ 0,292 to $6 (X228), Populous grew 159 times bigger (from $0,278 to $44,5) and OmiseGo showed more than seventy-fold increase.  Scam ICO of the year  It’s hard to decide, whether  Tezos  should be put on the previous list, raising a record high amount of $232 million on ICO and gaining so much attention for their great and perspective idea of a safe and transparent managing platform, or should it really be named The Scam Of The Year?  The project has been frozen ever since the founders, a Franco-American couple, found themselves involved in various scandals and court proceedings.  Booming ICO market has given rise not only to projects that are about to change our future, but has also bred millions of scam companies, or just made working on blockchain something to laugh about. The Scam Of The Year list can actually be so long that one would read it until the end of 2018. Here we have Ukrainian cons, who under the name of Swisscoin stole almost $500,000 and were eventually arrested; Dogecoin  – which is fairly named a “joke currency”; Useless Ethereum Token, whose creator admits that he was up to spending the raised money for his own pleasure; and many more.   Fork of the year  This title by all odds goes to  Bitcoin Cash . It was born in August 2017, was worth around $300 and grew two-fold by November. As it was the first significant Bitcoin fork, which was, on top of that, actively promoted by Roger Ver himself, it’s price started to grow faster than  magic beans. Especially after transaction issues on Bitcoin chain popped up, and due to the SegWIt2x cancellation. In December, the growth was enhanced by the fact that Bitcoin Cash was added to the Coinbase exchange, which is the most downloaded cryptocurrency app in the US. Since August, it has shown a tenfold increase.  As of now, Roger Ver has already switched all his cryptoholdings into Bitcoin Cash, willing to put this cryptocurrency to the second position on the market cap list. Plus, Bitcoin Cash with its fast transactions has become a perfect tool for those trying to knock Bitcoin down.  Tokens of the year  There are three tokens, that evidently made 2017 more interesting for the cryptocurrency market.   Ethereum  – a decentralized supercomputer, a system for creating smart-contracts and a platform that really moved the blockchain industry. During 2017 ETH token price grew  from $8 to $840  – it’s more than a hundred-fold increase. In December, the number of daily transactions within the Ethereum chain exceeded 1,100,000.   As Ethereum developers claim, the upcoming switch from a  “proof-of-work ” to a  “proof-of-stake ” protocol would boost the security and anonymity levels. The transaction and confirmation time will soon approach the level and speed of Visa services.  In spring an Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA) was created  – within this organisation, a new ways of implementing the Ethereum blockchain possibilities to business are to be found. Intel, Microsoft, J.P. Morgan, Credit Suisse, UBS and many others are among the members of the alliance.   Litecoin   – the second Bitcoin fork, launched by Charlie Lee back in 2011. It made an unbelievable jump in price in 2017  – from $3.7 to $370, making it a 10,000% increase. One of the industries that welcomed Litecoin with open arms was cybersport. Valve decided to quit payment in Bitcoin and switch to Litecoin completely. Significant number of services now accept Litecoin  – for example, Bitrefill, a very popular platform for refilling mobile accounts, joined a Litecoin family. Litecoin strongly keeps the 5th position in cryptocurrencies market capitalization.  In the middle of December the  Dash  cryptocurrency price was not more than $10. In just couple days it made a dash  – and went up by 125 times. Dash is aimed to maintain the maximum anonymity, due to the Private Send service, while its transactions are faster and fees are smaller than Bitcoin’s. Dash team is up to increasing the number of access points through obtaining and deploying a worldwide chain of ATMs.  Crypto quotes of the year:  Vitalik Buterin:  “The problem of an ICO is that a person usually makes something useful for a very few people. Now everybody learned that there was an open source software category, where money could be made really fast. And developers suddenly got to choose, whether they want to keep on working in a basement, or buy themselves a Lamborghini”.    Kim Dotcom:  “Bitcoin is a very exciting development, it might lead to a world currency. I think over the next decade it will grow to become one of the most important ways to pay for things and transfer assets.”  Roger Ver:  “Bitcoin is the most important invention in the history of the world since the Internet.”   John McAffee:  “I will eat my d
INCREASE	   EXMO Announces Development of First Margin Loan Dividend Coin Twitter  This is a sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Currently, cryptocurrency market is worth well over half-a-trillion dollar, an impressive growth of over 1600% this year alone. As investors acclimatize to this emerging market and increasing support from the traditional financial establishment, demand for cryptocurrency is expected to grow exponentially. Investors need access to funds to be to trade on a “grander” stage. This  is what EXMO is offering with the announcement of its margin loan,  EXMO Coin .   EXMO is cryptocurrency exchange platform with close to a million registered users and over 160,000 BTC monthly turnover. Established in 2013 and ranked one of the Top-10 exchange platforms in Europe, the reputable company has grown from strength to strength and EXMO Coin is the culmination of its present growth.   “Our idea is that we are establishing a dedicated margin loan fund,” says  Ivan Petuhovsky, co-founder of EXMO , “Thanks to the investment attracted during the crowdsale, so that our clients can trade more by borrowing extra funds on top of their existing balance”  EXMO Coin  is the first margin loan dividend token. Token holders will be entitled to monthly dividends from EXMO’s margin loan profit based on the quantity of EXMO Coins owned. 50% of r evenue generated from margin loans will be distributed every month to token holders. The value of these ERC20 compatible tokens is expected to grow as the volume of margin loan increases. EXMO Coin will also be made tradeable on the exchange, paired with other altcoins and fiat.   “EXO is a token released by an existing successful business recognized around the world. We [have] researched and determined a growing demand for margin trading on the platform, and we see adding it as a part of the platform’s logical development”  To facilitate speedy development of the platform and place the tokens into the hands of early investors, EXMO plans to launch a public token offering to the tune of $300,000,000. The offering will enable the platform to raise the required funds for operations, the implementation of security features, the creation of an insurance fund for margin lending, and acquisition of its c ompetitors through mergers and acquisition. Mergers and acquisition will enable the company increases the capitalization and scalability in the new markets.  95% of funds raised through the crowdsale will be channeled into the growth of financial indicators of the Exchange.   “EXO will be a profitable token. there will be a finite number of tokens distributed and later on traded on our platform. The token value is going to increase with the overall platform development, as the majority of the collected investment will be channeled into the growth of the platform’s financial indicators.”   Following the crowdsale, EXMO will be tradable on the Exchange alongside other altcoins and fiat currencies.  
INCREASE	   FLUX – Game Developers and Players Ready to Own the Gaming Market in 2018 Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Ready or not, games are now playing and streaming from numerous new channels. Facebook, which launched Instant Games this year to entice gamers into game action sooner, has brought Angry Birds, Zynga and other blockbusters to its new delivery model. These games can be played within Messenger or the News Feed, doing away with the need to download games. Better still, they circum vent the mobile operating system leaders, IOS and Android, and their 30 percent cut on mobile games.     For game developers, new game delivery platforms are a double-edged sword. New platforms are marketing fewer games, reversing the current trend of falling revenues per game in a crowded market. But the cost of market entry on a game platform is increasing. Facebook’s Instant Games’ monetization program has yet to be announced, but is likely to replace one middleman fee with ano ther. The social media giant could take e a sizeable cut of revenues in exchange for access to its over one billion messenger users.   Game developers are also losing game development support. Pioneering game platform Steam is increasing the price for game developers to join. Steam changed the game development model when it cut out the middleman and boosted game developers’ take from 50 percent to 70 percent. In the New Year, Steam will become less democratic and take a bigger cut of revenue. Developers will p ay $100 per game to have Steam Direct rather than player votes approve games. Free and sleeper games that were slow-burning blockbusters could have a harder time entering and staying in the market.   A New Year, A New Gaming Model for the Indie Developer   The New Year is not all glim for independent game developers and gaming democracy. 2018 is the year indie developers and gamers will become owners of games. The blockchain shared transaction ledger is turning businesses into digital democracies. By decentralizing peer-to-peer transactions, the blockchain cuts out the middleman and shares more revenues with market buyers and sel lers. Even in the zero sum gaming world, sharing in the revenues rallies all gaming participants around achieving success for each game.    One new blockchain gaming entrant, the  FLUX global gaming platform , is an example of how a complete ecosystem in which cooperation is promoted among game players and developers benefits all participants.  Game actions are activated  on a transparent shared digital ledger system with a virtual token.. Bets can be made, games arbitrated and settled, virtual goods traded and game winnings and rewards delivered. The difference is, game participan ts—developers, players, traders—own the game token, or currency used as the exchange of value. The whole ecosystem benefits as the token’s value increases by promoting more game players and value actions within the platform.    Such gaming models on the Blockchain can keep competition and innovation in game development alive by providing more support for game developers to bring games to market. FLUX is being launched as game developers suddenly find themselves with less support. As mentioned, leading gaming platform Steam has closed down its GreenLight program, which allowed Steam users to vote on ga mes and provide feedback on features. Indie developers are seeking alternative means of support.    On FLUX, Game developers can crowdfund development capital from participants in the ecosystem. What’s more, they can withdraw the funds in the form of FLUX coins at intervals throughout the crowdfunding period to support development activities. It is not uncommon for a Steam game to operate in its early access program for several years before it takes off.  This model goes much  further than the popular early access game model promoted by Steam, by giving players real ownership in the games and game platform.     Revenue Sharing Through Game Ownership   By uniting all parts of the gaming system through transparent smart contracts and incentives and rewards, FLUX creates a more active and higher revenue generating gaming ecosystem.   Game actions are activated by the FLUX COIN. All game participants—developers, players, traders, and streamers—own FLUX COINs, and share in the value creation as more players enter the platform. Importantly in the loyal game world, players are more apt to stay on the game platform since they share in the revenues.    The system reduces the costs and frictions of distributing games. FLUX does not take commissions on downloaded competitive games or in-game purchases over mobile apps. This allows developers to distribute games at a more competitive cost. Some top games are available for free in exchange for watching a video ad. A 2 percent commission is taken for non-competitive games and virt ual asset sales in the FLUX store.   Game play is also fairer and safer. An arbitrator mechanism is embedded into each game, which like all game actions is activated by the FLUX token. Games can be automatically funded from digital wallets, precluding the necessity to provide financial details to the system. At the end of the game, the arbiter rules on the winner and the funds are automatically released to the dig ital wallet.    The FLUX matchmaking system charges a commission of 1 to 7 percent for bets placed by gamers. The proceeds are distributed among game developers (50%), platform operating and marketing expenses (35%), rewards and referrals (10%), and platform savings (5%). As more players join and engage in actions (betting, trading VGs, streaming) in the ecosystem, the value of the tokens coul d increase. Various rewards and incentives exist throughout the ecosystem for game developers and players to earn more.    The FLUX ICO (FLUX)   For those who have added blockchain gaming to their New Year’s wishlist, the first stage of the  FLUX token sale is running from December 10 to 31, 2017 . Game developers can test out the developer market demo anytime on the website.    
INCREASE	   Ethereum-Based Advertising Network to Tackle Digital Fraud, Launches ICO Twitter  Adbank, an  Ethereum  blockchain platform for digital publishers and advertisers that has been designed to prevent digital advertising fraud, has announced an ICO after raising $3 million in a private presale.  The Adbank token will create an ecosystem that will allow payments from advertisers to publishers to be traced. The ecosystem is designed to mitigate the challenges the current advertising industry faces due to fraud.  In 2017, an estimated $223.74 billion will be spent worldwide on digital  advertising , with middlemen taking up to 75% of the investment, and advertisers losing another $16.4 billion to ad fraud.  Adbank does not plan to be the largest digital advertising network but instead provide the tools to allow other networks to convert to the Adbank ADB token and realize the same benefits of transparency and artificial intelligence anti-fraud tools the blockchain provides.  Patents Pending  Adbank has submitted patents on new fraud detection based on artificial intelligence and  blockchain  technology. Where traditional fraud detection systems are designed to run within specific advertising networks, Adbank’s anti-fraud system uses AI to find connections between information in the advertising system and on the blockchain that other systems cannot leverage.  By accessing advertising databases, user logs, ad images, web pages, blockchain transactions and artificial intelligence, Adbank’s anti-fraud system can detect many types of fraud. For example, Adbank can find transactional blockchain activity coupled with web pages that fail to render all expected ads to determine if a predatory publisher is on the system. It can identify unex pected shifts in website visitors. It can flag mass selling of tokens on the blockchain that might inidicate a publisher is buying traffic and selling the profits as quickly as possible to avoid detection.  Third parties will be able to use the Adbank API to integrate services into existing products, building the value of their products while expanding the Adbank ecosystem.  Transactions will be bundled on-chain to leverage the power of artificial intelligence and blockchain, but function off chain for full control and optimal scalability, according to Angelo Dodaro, chief marketing officer.  “We recognize the youth of Ethereum technology which can be compared to dial-up Internet in 1998,” said Dodaro. “The recent strain on the Ethereum network due to the popularity of CryptoKitties has reignited the debate on Ether’s scalability issues. Adbank has solved this by combining the best of off-chain and on-chain tech to ensure lightning fast transactions speeds that are  required for a healthy advertising network.”  Adbank will be announcing advertising and publishing partners over the course of the ICO. The business development team will partnerships in Moscow, Paris, London, Amsterdam, New York, San Francisco, Toronto, Vancouver, Montreal, Chicago and Cincinnati.  Also read:  Ethereum-based blockchain solution for digital advertising to fight fraud  ICO Begins  The ICO began Dec. 14 and will run to Jan. 21, 2018. It will have a hard cap of 50,000 ETH. ETH and PIVX currencies will be accepted.  One ETH will equal 7,500 ADB tokens.  At press time, 1 ETH equaled $731.75, reflecting the current hard cap of $35.5 million. In order to succeed with its roadmap timeline, Adbank plans to raise its initial fiat target of $21.5 million by Jan. 21, 2018.  Funds from the ICO will mainly be used to acquire existing ad networks. The other funds will be used to hire tech, media and advertising executives to take over the c-suite while the co-founding team will move into key business and tech development roles.  Featured image from Shutterstock.     
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Mining Marketplace NiceHash Back Online, Promises Users Money Back Twitter  Earlier this month, as CCN reported, Slovenia-based bitcoin mining marketplace  NiceHash was successfully breached , resulting in the loss of about 4,700 Bitcoin, at the time worth $62 million. Its users noticed that the marketplace’s website had gone offline for an abnormally large period of time, before the company finally revealed it had been compromised.  At the time, through a  Facebook livestream,  the company’s CEO Marko Kobal, along with co-founder Sasa Coh, addressed user concerns. They said that due to the company’s success, it “became a target,” adding that someone “really wanted to bring us down.” During the livestream, some users claimed to believe it was all an inside job, partly because the company’s representatives declined to comment whether they would restore  user wallets or not.  In a  letter sent to its users , the question has now been answered: wallets will be restored. The letter, signed by the company’s CMO Andrej Skraba, reveals that a group of international investors helped the company reserve enough funds to restore user balances. It reads:  “We are happy to announce we have been able to reserve the funds required to restore balances from a group of international investors. Old balances will therefore be restored by January 31, 2018. We need this interim period to ensure all legal paperwork is processed correctly, so please be patient while we do this.”  NiceHash didn’t clarify whether its users would be paid back in fiat or in Bitcoin, although some Reddit users claim their BTC balances are back on their dashboard, even though they aren’t yet accessible.  Tightening up security  The company’s comeback was also announced via Twitter, and included a few tips for its users, so as to guarantee security would be tightened up. In its tweet, the mining marketplace advised users to change their passwords, set up a new two-factor authentication method, and avoid old deposit addresses.   NICEHASH IS BACK 👉 https://t.co/GPTBTgO46S  💪 Please make sure to: – Set a new password – Set a new 2FA – Do not use your old deposit address – Generate a new NiceHash wallet address – If you used NiceHash wallet address in NiceHash miner, you need to update it  pic.twitter.com/cwpyXQFv2r  — NiceHash (@NiceHashMining)  December 20, 2017   At the time of the hack, it wasn’t clear whether the attackers managed to get user data along with their bitcoins, so users were advised to change all of their online passwords – just to make sure.  Since it got back online, NiceHash has been regularly updating users via social media, and already revealed it successfully completed its first payout after the breach. It noted, however, that “due to extra security measures,” changes were made to its payment and withdrawal system.  Notably, given the Bitcoin network’s high transaction fees, NiceHash is working on  implementing altcoins payments  as part of the changes. At press time, the suggested  bitcoin transaction fee  is of 960 satoshis/byte, equaling 216,960 satoshi if we consider the median transaction size to be of 226 bytes. Given that Bitcoin is currently trading at $12,800, this means the suggested transaction fee is of about $26.  At the end of his letter, NiceHash’s CMO stated:  “We are truly sorry for any inconvenience that the hack may have caused. We hope you will want to continue to invest your money and your faith in the world ’s largest crypto-mining marketplace.“  Excerpt: NiceHash is back, and promised to reimburse users for their losses by January 31.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘Insider Trading Is a Non-Crime’: Roger Ver Bites Back as GDAX Re-Opens Bitcoin Cash Trading Twitter  Outspoken bitcoin cash proponent Roger Ver downplayed accusations that Coinbase employees had engaged in insider trading prior to the public revelation that the company was adding full support for bitcoin cash.  ‘Insider Trading Is a Non-Crime ’: Roger Ver  Speaking with  CNBC  on Wednesday, the early cryptocurrency investor and entrepreneur  — once known as “Bitcoin Jesus”  — said that the answer to the allegations of insider trading is not asking the government to further regulate cryptocurrency exchanges.  “I think insider trading is a non-crime,” Ver said during the interview. “Let’s say a bunch of people had traded in advance, then the price wouldn’t have been so volatile, and the price would already much more closely reflect the price after the news became public.”  As CCN  reported , the bitcoin cash price rose considerably in advance of the announcement, leading many people to question whether Coinbase employees had, in violation of company policies, traded bitcoin cash before the news was public knowledge. There are also rumors  — thus far unconfirmed by CCN  — that the information had been leaked to at least one cryptocurrency trading group.  Once Coinbase did open bitcoin cash markets, the coin’s price was incredibly volatile, spiking to $9,500 and leading the company to suspend trading just minutes later. The exchange did not re-open the markets until Wednesday.  Coinbase said that it is investigating the allegations of insider trading and will terminate any employee who engaged in the practice, but the company nevertheless incurred significant criticism for the way it handled the rollout.  However, Ver said that the onus is on consumers to look out for themselves, rather relying on the government to protect them from external threats.  “At the end of the day, buyers need to beware of whatever service they’re using, whether it’s a Bitcoin exchange or a coffee shop…be careful, take a look at what you’re doing, and don’t depend on the government to keep you safe from everything out there in the world,” he said.  Bitcoin Core  ‘One of the Worst Development Teams ’ in Cryptocurrency  Unsurprisingly, Ver also took time in the interview to criticize the approach that Bitcoin developers have taken as they attempt to scale the network to accommodate larger numbers of users and transactions.  “That ’s absolutely not true, ” Ver protested when a host referred to Bitcoin Core developers as some of the best in the world.  “They ’ve turned [Bitcoin] into an incredibly congested network that ’s been running at 100 percent capacity for months and provides a horrible user experience.  “So by those standards, I think they ’re probably one of the worst development teams in the entire crypto coin ecosystem, ” he concluded.  This, he concluded,  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  
INCREASE	   Germany Joins European Drive For Global Regulation Of Bitcoin Twitter  Germany has joined the European push to regulate bitcoin out of concern it is being used by money-launderers, drug traffickers and terrorists.  Germany’s Finance Ministry welcomed French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire’s proposal to ask the Group of 20 to consider joint bitcoin regulation,  Bloomberg  reports. The Italian government shares these concerns and is open to regulation, while the European Union supports bitcoin rules that the U.K. wants.  Germany Cites Speculative Risks  The German Finance Ministry said it makes sense to consider virtual currencies’ speculative risks and their effects on the international financial system.  The ministry said the next meeting of G-20 finance ministers and central bank governors would be an opportune time o discuss the issue.  Bitcoin Futures Raise Concern  Concern has increased in Europe as a result of the  bitcoin futures  trading launched Sunday by the  CME Group , which came one week after the Cboe Global Markets introduced similar derivatives.  Germany is Europe’s biggest economy, and the finance ministry monitors financial market developments closely, the ministry said, including the current developments. In a weekend interview on France’s LCI TV, Le Maire made the worries public that have been voiced previously as bitcoin has moved further into mainstream finance.  He said he does not like bitcoin because it can hide terrorism and money laundering. He also is concerned about it being a speculative risk for people who are trying to save money. Pier Carlo Padoan, Italy’s finance minister, said he would discuss Le Maire’s proposal, according to a government official who did not want to be identified publicly.  Lawmakers To Strengthen Anti-Money Laundering Rules  EU  lawmakers and representatives on Friday agreed on the need to revise the bloc’s anti-money laundering rules, expanding the framework to include firms overseeing and transferring virtual currencies, according to the European Commission. The companies will have to identify their customers and report suspicious activity.  Stephen Barclay, the economic secretary to the British Treasury, told lawmakers in November new rules would subject virtual currency exchange platforms and wallet providers to anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing regulation. The U.K. government said digital currencies can facilitate cybercrime. The Treasury further noted there is little evidence digital currenc ies are used to launder money, but such activity is expected to increase. Hence, the proposed regulations would be helpful.  A lso read:  Bitcoin has our heightened attention: EU financial regulation chief  Economic Experts Distrust Bitcoin  Joseph Stiglitz, a Nobel economics laureate, last month said bitcoin should be outlawed and that it serves no socially useful function. Robert Shiller, also an economics laureate, said bitcoin’s attraction is a narrative akin to a mystery movie that attracts people who want to outsmart the system.  Germany’s financial supervisor last month warned about cryptocurrencies’ risks for consumers. The supervisor said regulation at the national level is not enough due to digital currencies’ global reach.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Nokia Pilot Uses Blockchain to Improve Health Data Benefits Twitter  While technology has improved access to  health  data, the data is often not leveraged to its full potential due to privacy concerns and concerns about data authenticity.  Nokia  has partnered with OP Financial Group, a  Finland -based financial services group, to use blockchain technology to establish more trust in managing health data. The purpose of the pilot project, which involves 100 people, is to provide individuals more control over their personal health data, according to a  Nokia blog .  Blockchain Benefits  Blockchain technology can give people control over who they share their health data with.  The blockchain ledger is maintained by parties that can have competing interests, which differs from centralized services such as Google, Facebook and Dropbox.  Under the pilot project, any data a user wishes to share is encrypted and can only be accessed by its intended participants. The owner of the data uses the Nokia Steel HR to share their data and provide proof of the data’s authenticity.  Users share their data from wearable Nokia devices and are rewarded for doing so. Participants’ daily activities are shared through the app, creating a private record on the blockchain. OP automatically rewards users with points based on what steps they have taken with respect to their fitness goals.  Also read:  This blockchain platform aims to end healthcare data breaches  New Possibilities  The pilot project will shed light on possibilities for incentive models like smart health insurance and in supporting programs that promote healthy lifestyles.  The project organizers believe it will only be possible to provide trustworthy advice on health issues and extract useful insights by establishing users’ trust. Nokia’s blockchain platform has been designed to address these issues.  Nokia believes its collaboration with OP marks a step in creating a global digital health ecosystem that will benefit both individuals and society.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Recovers Within 24 Hours From $11,500 to $15,000, Optimstic Factors Twitter  It took less than 24 hours for the bitcoin price to recover from a 30 percent drop. Earlier today, on December 23, the price of bitcoin recovered from $11,500 to $15,000, as the cryptocurrency market began to demonstrate optimistic signs of growth.   Factors of Potential Short-Term Rally  Since yesterday, the market valuation of cryptocurrencies has increased from $480 billion to nearly $600 billion. Every single cryptocurrency in the market, which previously recorded major corrections, rallied, with bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies in the market recording large gains.  Bitcoin in particular demonstrated a rapid increase in demand from global marekts including the US, Japan, and South Korea, as the daily trading volume of the cryptocurrency achieved $15 billion. That is, a daily trading volume that is larger than that of most stock markets.  Analysts such as billionaire hedge fund legend Mike Novogratz and RT’s financial analyst Max Keiser stated that with the recently acquired momentum, the bitcoin price could rally to $24,000 in the short-term.  “Bitcoin pullback very healthy for this bull market. $28,000 now in play,” said Keiser, as the cryptocurrency market rebounded and showed speedy recovery after a substantial decline in market valuation.  In the short-term, there are several driving factors that could lead to a bitcoin price surge. This week, it was reported that the Chicago Board Options Exchange (Cboe), the largest futures exchange in the global finance market which listed bitcoin futures in partnership with Gemini, and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) have filed bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) applications to the US Secruties and Exchange Commission (SEC).  The main difference between futures and ETFs is that the latter is more accessible to individual investors and traders in the stock market. With a bitcoin ETF, any investor in a major stock market such as NYSE or the Nasdaq can trade bitcoin with ease, through existing accounts.  A Cboe spokesperson  stated:  “Given the success of the launch of our bitcoin futures, several partners are very interested in moving forward with the development of an exchange-traded product.”  Last week, NYSE revealed the filing of its ProShares bitcoin ETF, announcing that investors in the ETF will benefit from long Bitcoin futures contracts.  “By being long Bitcoin Futures Contracts, the Fund seeks to benefit from daily increases in the price of the Bitcoin Futures Contracts. The Fund will not be benchmarked to the current price of bitcoin and will not invest directly in bitcoin. When the price of Bitcoin Futures Contracts held by the Fund declines, the Fund will lose value,”  the SEC filing  of the NYSE bitcoin ETF read.  More Institutional Money, More Liquidity  By quarter 1 of 2018, Nasdaq will list bitcoin futures into its exchange and the bitcoin ETFs of Cboe and NYSE will likely be approved by the US SEC, given the government ’s enthusiastic approach with the bitcoin futures market.  In the mid-term, the entrance of more institutional money into the market will enable bitcoin to further solidify itself as an emerging asset class.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Rebounds Within 24 Hours, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin Rally Twitter  Within merely 24 hours after experiencing a major correction during which every single cryptocurrency in the market plunged in value, the cryptocurrency market has completely recovered.   Speedy Recovery  The market valuation of cryptocurrencies surged from $480 billion to nearly $600 billion, to the point before the correction on December 21.  Today, on December 23, all cryptocurrencies in the market from bitcoin to the top 100 cryptocurrency have surged in value. Specifically, Bitcoin Cash recorded the largest gain in the top 20 cryptocurrencies with a 52 percent overnight price increase.  Others including bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Cardano, and Dash have all increased by more than 20 percent.  On December 22, prior to the recovery, several analysts including Alan Silbert and Robert Reid noted that throughout 2017, the price and market valuation of bitcoin have fallen by more than 30 percent on six occasion. After each correction, bitcoin recorded a significant gain in value.   Bitcoin has  “crashed ” 30% SIX TIMES in 2017. Each  “crash ” has been followed by an increase of: 76%, 237%, 183%, 165%, 152%. Bitcoin takes 7 steps forward, 2 steps back, 7 steps forward, 2 steps back. Every 2 steps back is heralded as the end of  #bitcoin . Relax!  pic.twitter.com/bV5ZFeucTp  — Robert Reid (@robertreidmd)  December 22, 2017  Cryptocurrencies with the biggest daily gains in the top 20 rankings are Verge, Bitcoin Cash, Monero, with 176 percent, 52 percent, and 41 percent increase in value respectively.   Max Keiser, a highly regarded financial analyst and bitcoin expert, also noted that with the current momentum, bitcoin will initiate a new rally and surpass through $20,000 with ease in the short-term.   Sharing the chart below, which has been an accurate demonstration of the bitcoin price and the value of almost every cryptocurrency in the market to date, Keiser stated, “this is still true. This chart pattern will take us to $100,000 #bitcoin. Fiat currency is a barbarous relic,” expressing his optimism in regards to both the short-term and long-term price trend of bitcoin.   Where Does Cryptocurrency Market Go From Here  For many months, analysts have expected the price of bitcoin and the valuation of the cryptocurrency market to surge during the holiday season, around Christmas and new years. With Christmas Eve approaching, analysts believe that the price of cryptocurrencies will increase rapidly as new relatives, friends, and family members become introduced to bitcoin and a new asset class in cryptocurrencies.  Already, with less than 24 hours left to Christmas Eve, the cryptocurrency market has demonstrated a speedy recovery and a rapid surge in valuation. From December 25 to January 1, analysts see the valuation of cryptocurrencies rising further.  In several leading markets such as Japan and South Korea, investors have already started to invest in cryptocurrencies with high premiums. On Bithumb, South Korea’s leading cryptocurrency exchange, bitcoin price is at $17,600 and the price of Bitcoin Cash is nearing $4,000.  In the upcoming days, the cryptocurrency market will likely demonstrate optimistic signs of growth and recovery, as the demand for bitcoin and other leading cryptocurrencies continue to surge rapidly.  Fundstrat’s Tom Lee  stated:  “We are buyers of bitcoin on this pullback. The intrinsic/fundamental value of bitcoin has risen in the past month given the surge of new wallets and hence, explains the rise in our short-term target price. ”  
INCREASE	   Belgium Central Bank Governor: Bitcoin is Not a Threat Because Its Not “Stable” Twitter  Earlier this week, the National Bank of Belgium governor Jan Smets said  in an interview  that bitcoin is not a threat to central banks because it is not stable.  “It’s not stable like the euro,”  said Smets , adding “creating blockchain-based digital cash could diminish our limitation to drop interest rates below zero.”  Flawed Argument  Smets further emphasized that bitcoin cannot be utilized and trusted as a currency because of its lack of a central entity and authorities overseeing the network. He also noted that most investors in the bitcoin and cryptocurrency markets are speculating on the price trend of cryptocurrencies and as such, while the risk of investing in bitcoin is low at the moment, it could inc rease rapidly in the short-term.  A loosely translated transcript of interview between Smets and Belgian news publication VRT read:  “Let’s stop calling bitcoin a currency. Unlike the euro, bitcoin is not guaranteed by a central bank or government asa  means of payment so bitcoin is not a currency. Even if there are small risks for investing in bitcoin at the moment, there are potential consequences for financial stability.  According to Smets, bitcoin is not stable like the euro because of the lack of a central entity and a central bank. He emphasized that it is difficult to trust bitcoin as a currency as a result.  However, bitcoin is designed specifically to operate as a trustless financial system and network. The entire purpose of bitcoin and its greatest advantage over other stores of value and currencies is that within the bitcoin network, users can send and receive payments in a decentralized and peer-to-peer (P2P), eliminating the necessity of trust-based relationships, intermediari es, and third party service providers.  Fiat currencies or government-issued currencies are also less stable than cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and other safe haven assets like gold because of their inflationary nature. A fiat currency like the euro is manipulated by its central bank, which governs the circulation and supply of the currency.  Several Central Banks Understand Bitcoin  Earlier this year, the Bank of Finland released a research paper entitled “Monopoly without a monopolist: An Economic analysis of the bitcoin payment system,” with the sole intent of describing bitcoin’s trustless and decentralized system.  “Bitcoin is a monopoly run by a protocol, not by a managing organization. Familiar monopolies are run by managing organizations with discretion to determine and then change prices, offerings and rules. Monopolies are often regulated to prevent or at least mitigate their abuse of power,”  read  the paper of the Bank of Finland.  The central bank of Finland encouraged economists to study the structure of bitcoin, as it has introduced the first working decentralized financial and payment system in the history of the global finance market. Bank of Finland researchers added:  “Bitcoin’s design as an economic system is revolutionary and therefore would merit an economist’s attention and scrutiny even if it had not been functional. Its apparent functionality and usefulness should further encourage economists to study this marvelous structure.”  Bitcoin is a threat to central banks and the authorities because it is the first store of value and currency system that is capable of separating money and state. It removes arguably the most powerful tool of governments that is their monopoly over the global monetary system  Featured image from Shutterstock ..  
INCREASE	   The A-SDR International Digital Currency Fund  – The Missing Piece of the Global Cryptocurrency Jigsaw Puzzle Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  2017 was indeed the  “best of times ” for early Bitcoin speculators and the  “worst of times ” for outdated institutions struggling to make sense of the twin, unstoppable, themes of Decentralization and Open-Source (Digital) Currencies. That this paradox arrives on our doorstep just in time for Xmas is something even Dickens himself would appreciate.  You would expect that, since the world economy has had eight full years to digest the implications of Bitcoin and Blockchain, we would by now be reaching a point of stability and mutual co-operation? You would be wrong.  Even as you read this, there remain as many headlines heralding the imminent demise of decentralized crypto-currencies, as there are suggesting the trend is merely getting started.  Perhaps the most significant quote of all came from Blockchain CEO Peter Smith, who, in a December 18th interview, told CNBC,  “I think this year will be the first year we start to see Central Banks start to hold digital currencies as part of their balance sheet. ” Smith closed the interview with the astonishing comment that Central Banks should start to issue their own  “digital assets ” in 2018.  To make sense of all this, we need to stop, take a breath, and assess where we currently are, and then consider what types of solutions are needed to move forward? Where are we?  For starters, 2017 witnessed what may qualify as the fastest acceptance in history of a brand new technology  — the Blockchain, or the use of an open-source, distributed, ledger to record and manage transactions more efficiently and more trustfully than current  “middleman ” institutions and entities.   2017 also engendered financial chaos as the price of Bitcoin  — the first and best-known Blockchain-based cryptocurrency  — took a moonshot. A result, perhaps, not only due to the groundswell of interest from investors, but also because the large banking institutions were caught completely off-guard by the phenomenon, and had no machinery in place to control the price movements of the new coin. As they do for example, with ordinary stocks, bonds, fiat currencies, and, of course, precious metals.  These factors in turn sparked other so-called  “alt-coins, ” also based on the same underlying Blockchain tech. It is estimated that some 1600 have been released so far, and possibly another 1000 are due to be released in the next few months. The end result is that the public is understandably clamoring for an interchange mechanism between traditional currencies and the new digital counterparts.  The solution? The new A-SDR or  “digital currency basket ” which will operate under the purview of a decentralized global management body, the “International Digital Assets Exchange Council,” or IDAXC. IDAXC will supervise and facilitate the exchange of digital tokens based on a mix of three key, well-known, coins or tokens: Bitcoin, Ether, and ACCoin. Of the mix, Bitcoin and Ether are perhaps the better-known. ACCoin, however, start ed its own internal development over a decade ago, (even before Bitcoin was officially launched!), and was based on a very particular vision from its programmers. A vision which not only foresaw the coming of digital tokens, but went even further and envisioned that those same digital tokens could, in fact, hold rights to underlying assets (both tangible, like land, and intangi ble, like financial paper); and so effectively be  “backed ” by something quantifiable and of substance. This is a very important distinction because even today Bitcoin, notwithstanding its lofty valuation, is backed by nothing.  Where cryptocurrencies need to first seek acceptance or recognition from local governments, “cryptomoney” need only be backed by something in order to become a self-contained medium of exchange. Therefore, digital coins, anchored to assets of determinable value, herald the era of Blockchain 3.0: self-contained, value-determinate, decentralized, “cryptomoney.”  The visionaries behind ACCoin understood, from the beginning, that to achieve their goal they would need more than a simple coin or token, they would need an entire Eco-System. This would not only capture and monitor the underlying asset, but also allow future movement of that asset (into and out of the digital universe); and even to anticipate the re-conversion of the coin bac k to the original asset at the behest of the holder. They also foresaw the problem of moving digital tokens to and from the banking (fiat currency) universe, and planned ahead for that too. The answer is the A-SDR.  The A-SDR is an international digital currency fund sponsored by ACChain. It is a currency basket composed of BTC, ETH, and ACC. These three digital currencies together form the mainstream chain.  Via  “anchoring ” ACC, BTC and ETH, the A-SDR Fund aims to become the premier global mechanism for digital asset distribution and settlement, enabling full-spectrum application and distribution within the global digital assets Eco-System.  ACCoin, as the international supernode currency generated within the ACChain, in turn anchors all digital assets, also enabling exchange with the local currencies of each regional node worldwide. This makes ACCoin the first standard digital currency with the capability of global digital asset Exchange  & Settlement, which additionally permits the creation and function of the  “Exchange Rate Index ” inside the A-SDR Digital currency basket.   The Significance of A-SDR Fund     It permits a unified value (measurement) system of digital assets covering the gamut of the digital universe.        ACC anchors Bitcoin (BTC) + Ethereum (ETH), making them  “digital gold reserves, ” building a new digital asset Exchange  & Settlement system worldwide.         More high-quality digital assets may potentially become the beneficiaries of the A-SDR digital currency basket, realizing their full potential in a decentralized digital asset measurement system, ultimately building a digital kingdom of global proportions.       The Functions of A-SDR Fund     A-SDR Fund is able to settle with local currencies via the regional super node.      The A-SDR digital currency forms a relationship of Exchange  & Settlement with the local currency via the regional supernode, establishing an exchange relationship between all digital assets through the entire exchange settlement system.     A-SDR Fund is able to settle with the bank ’s digital currency.      It establishes a defined-value Exchange  & Settlement standard linked to traditional financial digital tokens, to become a  “true bridge ” to traditional financial systems.  Applications of A-SDR:     “Digital assets ” application. A-SDR can quickly establish defined settlement relationships among potentially millions of digital assets, so as to realize the full spectrum potential of Blockchain assets and transactions.        Digital currency settlement network. Over 100 banks worldwide have launched a digital asset Exchange  & Settlement system, constituting the beginnings of a digital asset Exchange  & Settlement network that will be global in scope.     A-SDR Fund Issue Plan     ACC release profile: Fund Name: International Digital Currency Fund A-SDR      Fund size: 100 million ACC  Fund sales target: 2000 BTC + 300,000 ETH  Fund Issuer: RSM Canada  Fund Use: To build a digital currency settlement system, invest in digital asset banks, and a digital assets trading system.  Fund Return: The digital currency A-SDR fund does not have a redemption mechanism, which is a form of exchange of rights and interests. Investors gain future investment income through the core investment in ACCoin.  Fund issue period:  November 28, 2017 to December 24, 2017  Fund Closing Period:  December 24, 2017 to January 22, 2018  Qualified Investors: Organizations in the field of digital asset Exchange  & Settlement, Blockchain industry participants, R  & D personnel of Blockchain projects, as well as investment members of digital assets trading platforms.   Exchange rate: 1BTC = 14000ACC; 1ETH = 420ACC  Investment Value: Participation via ACCoin in global digital assets trading and circulation. ACC, which is based on the ACChain, is convertible to global digital assets. Therefore, ACCoin will participate in the transactions generated.     A-SDR Digital Currency Basket and Legal Tender Exchange  & Settlement     In collaboration with the designated digital asset banks, ACChain forms the Global Digital Asset Settlement System. Digital asset banks in this system participate in the global digital currency Exchange  & Settlement system (i.e., exchange with the digital counterparts of existing fiat systems) as indicated below:  Reference price:  1ACC = 1USDT (Dollar token)  1ACC = 0.85EUR Token (Euro tokens)  1ACC = 112.2JPY Token (Japanese tokens)  1ACC = 0.75GBP Token (Pound tokens)  1ACC = 6.63RMB Token (RMB tokens)  To learn more or participate in the ICO, visit the Website:  http://www.acchain.org/en/activity.html  Follow on Twitter:  https://twitter.com/ACCHAIN  Like on Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/ACChainGlobal/  Read the Whitepaper:  https://www.acchain.org/whitePaper/Acchain_whitepaper_En.pdf  Bitcointalk:  https://bitcointalk.org  Media Contact  Contact Name: Serena Lin  Contact Email:  [email  protected]  
INCREASE	   The EtherDelta Hack Hurts, but It Could Have Been Worse Twitter  If you haven’t heard the news yet,  EtherDelta was subject to a phishing attack  on its DNS server yesterday.  A hacker compromised the EtherDelta website, supplanting it with a copycat version of the popular Ethereum exchange.  When the dust settled, the culprit stole away with 305 ETH, valued at over $244,000, and bag-full of ERC20 tokens.  This makes Ether Delta the latest to join an infirmary of exchanges plagued by hacking attacks in 2017. Earlier in the year,  Bithumb lost hundreds of millions of won , and after recovering from an attack in April, Youbit had to terminate operations after losing 17% of its funds  in a hack earlier this week.  Smart Contracts, Decentralization Ensure Damage Control  Unlike Youbit, EtherDelta managed to scrape by relatively unscathed in its own hacking run-in.  Users have decentralization and smart contracts to thank for that.  Typical exchanges (Bithumb, Bittrex, Binance, and the like) are centralized, trusted, and operate much like a bank.  When you use one of these services, you trust the exchange to manage the private keys of your accounts for you, and assets are purchased and distributed on an IOU basis through the exchange’s reserve.  The exchange holds all funds for its customers until they wan t to withdraw them from the exchange, at which time the exchange relinquishes the private keys to its users and debits them with the corresponding account balance.  EtherDelta, on the other hand, is trustless.  Everything on the exchange is peer to peer, and EtherDelta itself does not manage user funds –it only provides a platform to facilitate trading.  As a result, users are completely in charge of their own keys.  They import them onto the exchange either by inputting the key manually or syncing EtherDelta with a Ledger Nano S or Meta Mask browser wallet.  Once uploaded, users manage their keys using Ethereum-powered smart contracts.  These smart contracts and EtherDelta’s trustless decentralization are the reason the hacker had to go to the lengths he did to pull off the heist.  If the culprit went after, say, Bittrex, s/he would only need to tap into the exchange’s hot wallet reserve to nab individual keys.  With EtherDelta, there is no reserve, so to access private keys, the hacker had to use a phishing s cam to trick users into exposing them.  Once a user input private keys onto the fake website, they handed over what the hacker couldn’t have accessed otherwise.  This is why any funds being held on the exchange’s smart contracts went untouched.  It’s also why funds managed with a Ledger Nano S or Meta Mask wallet, which hold your private keys for you, would have been safe at the time of the attack.  The hacker would have only been able to steal keys that he could key log from manual inputs on the malicious site.  In redirecting website  traffic, the hacker only hijacked EtherDelta’s domain name, not the exchange itself or its smart contracts.  EtherDelta can’t chalk this attack up as a win, but had this been a conventional exchange, the losses would have been much more substantial.  Still, even with the protection of decentralization and smart contracts, security measures must be taken to mitigate the risk of phishing attacks like the one we just witnessed.  It’s also up to users to remain vigilant when trading  to spot any abnormalities  a fake website may present when compared to an exchange’s typical layout.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Has Our Heightened Attention: EU Financial Regulation Chief  Twitter  The European Commission  – the executive arm of the European Union – is keeping a close eye on bitcoin markets and is reportedly urging EU banking and markets watchdogs to issue risk warnings to investors.  In statements at a news conference on Wednesday, European Commission vice president  Valdis Dombrovskis  expressed a ‘concerned’ take on the volatility in bitcoin prices. The official  – effectively the European Union’s financial regulation chief as VP in charge of financial stability, financial services and capital markets union,  – revealed bitcoin had the authority’s undivided attention.  In remarks reported by  Reuters , he stated:  In recent weeks, bitcoin has our heightened attention. There are clear risks for investors and consumers associated with price volatility, including the risk of complete loss of investment, operational and security failures, market manipulation and liability gaps.  A report by the  Financial Times  reveals the official doing more than offering remarks on a public forum, pointing to a letter written to banking and markets watchdogs in the European Union urging them to warn bitcoin adopters of the risks in investing in the cryptocurrencies.  Specifically, Dombrovskis’ letter was sent to the heads of EU’s three supervisory agencies, namely: the European Banking Authority (EBA); the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA) and; the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA).  In further remarks to reporters, Dombrovskis added:  Let me remind you, the value of bitcoin is not guaranteed by any country or issuer… Investors should realise that it can drop at any moment. And virtual currencies like bitcoin are not really currencies.  As  reported  previously, the European Commission first proposed strict rules for the use of cryptocurrencies in July 2016, driving legislation to include digital currency exchanges and wallet providers under the purview of the purview of the Anti-Money Laundering Directive (AMLD). The executive body also  proposed a centralized database  to store bitcoin and cryptocurrency adopters’ identities.  Featured image from Flickr/ European People ’s Party .     
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Drops Near $15,000 from $19,530 Within 5 Days: Major Factors Twitter  The bitcoin price has dropped from $19,530 to $15,150 within the past five days, since December 17. While analysts have attributed the recent decline to many factors, one major factor seems to be high transaction fees of bitcoin.   Factors Behind Decline  Analysts and experts have offered two explanations to justify the recent price decline and correction of bitcoin. Some analysts have claimed that the recent correction was triggered by a sudden increase in the price of bitcoin over the past month.  Since last month, within the past 30 days, the price of bitcoin has increased from $8,000 to $19,000. Even with the latest correction, the price of bitcoin has still recorded a 91.37 percent increase since November 22, as shown by Coinbase below.  As CCN reported this week , Pantera Capital CEO Dan Morehead told CNBC’s Squawk Box that the price of bitcoin could fall by 50 percent in the next few weeks. Still, Morehead emphasized that a 50 percent decline in bitcoin would only push back the cryptocurrency by one month, to the price on November 22.  Within the past four years, Pantera Capital and its bitcoin hedge fund recorded a 25,004 percent return, nearly six-fold of the legendary Quantum Fund of billionaire investors Jim Rogers and George Soros.  For decades, Rogers and Soros were praised by the global finance market as legendary and once in a lifetime investors for recording a 4,600 percent return in 10 years. Pantera Capital’s bitcoin hedge fund recorded five times of that in merely four years.  Thus, as bitcoin expert Adam Back noted, the recent price drop of bitcoin can be considered as a major price correction resulted by the recent bull run.  “Buy the dip. people learn drama is meaningless, next time it ’s market impact falls until it becomes background noise,” said Adam Back, quoting a statement from highly respected bitcoin and security expert Andreas Antonopoulos which read, “chill out everyone. Nothing of any substance has changed. Just a bunch of new drama, which you should ignore.”  Moreover, Litecoin founder and former Coinbase executive Charlie Lee emphasized last week after a bull run by Litecoin that a strong rally is almost always followed by a bear cycle. An abrupt decline in the price of leading cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin often lasts in short-term.  “Every crypto bull run I ’ve seen has been followed by a bear cycle. The market needs time to consolidate. That ’s just my experience from 7 years of watching this space. How low and how long it will be is TBD. People need to be aware of this possibility and invest responsibly,”  Lee said.  High Fees  Earlier today, on December 21, ShapeShift CEO Erik Voorhees revealed that average bitcoin transaction fees over the past 12 months have increased to $40 per transaction, to a rate that is higher than most bank wires.  Voorhees expressed his concerns over the rising bitcoin transaction fees, as  he wrote , “average bitcoin transaction fees over the past year. Now averaging around $40 per transaction. Higher than most bank wires.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Exchange EtherDelta Hacked in DNS Hijacking Scheme Twitter  The DNS server of decentralized cryptocurrency exchange EtherDelta was successfully breached by an attacker on Wednesday, enabling the hacker to redirect users to a malicious website.  EtherDelta DNS Servers Hacked  EtherDelta made the announcement in a series of tweets, warning users that a hacker had temporarily hijacked its DNS server, enabling the attacker to send users to a fake, malicious version of the site.  Source: Twitter  As a decentralized exchange, EtherDelta is governed by smart contracts, meaning that the exchange does not have third-party control of user funds. However, the service does allow users to directly import their private keys to the exchange itself.  Consequently, the hacker was able to steal funds from users who unknowingly imported their private keys into the impostor website.  According to data obtained from the  Ethereum blockchain , it appears that the hacker stole approximately 308 ether  — worth approximately $250,000 at the present exchange rate  — as well as a number of ERC20 tokens.     Source: Etherscan  EtherDelta said that users who accessed the exchange using either MetaMask or a hardware wallet are “completely safe” from the phishing attack. The company added that deposits from users who never imported their key on the fake version of the website “should be safe,” but traders may want to consider moving their funds to a new wallet address as a security measure  — and reevaluate their decision to import their private keys directly into a website.  The Dangers of Cryptocurrency Exchanges  The attack came just days after South Korean exchange Youbit revealed that it  lost 17 percent of its assets  as the result of a hack  — the second the company had endured this year  — forcing its operator, Yaipan, to declare bankruptcy.  Like Youbit, EtherDelta was a small exchange. CoinMarketCap reports that it processed roughly $7 million of volume during the past 24 hours, a figure that is somewhat lower-than-average due to the breach. However, the exchange was popular among ERC20 token traders, as it was often one of the first exchanges to support tokens derived from lower-profile initial coin offerings (ICOs).  Neither of these hacks will lead to a significant disruption in the global cryptocurrency markets, but each demonstrates the risks associated with using cryptocurrency exchanges, centralized or not.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   CNBC ’s Jim Cramer: Bitcoin Won ’t Replace Gold Anytime Soon Twitter  Jim Cramer, the U.S. TV investment commentator,  recently stated  that “bitcoin is not going to replace gold anytime soon,” while doing a segment with Carley Garner, co-founder of DeCarley Trading, which analyzed gold’s charts.  In the beginning of the segment, Cramer pointed out that Garner believes bitcoin’s value is the result of perception, not reality, as “bitcoin isn’t backed by anything.” Cramer conceded that his viewers know how he feels about the cryptocurrency – that  he thinks its monopoly money , that is – and that those who understand the risks could buy it.  Comparing bitcoin to gold, Cramer added that if we “take away gold’s symbolic value,” the precious metal is still a great conductor, that can also be used to make jewelry. Moreover, he pointed out the gold market is said to be worth about $2.4 trillion, and compared it to the cryptocurrency ecosystem’s $630 billion, neglecting that bitcoin, the first cryptocurrency to exist, is n’t even a decade old yet.  Cramer’s segment essentially leads to one conclusion. Per the TV host:  “The jaw-dropping run in Bitcoin has been very exciting. But gold is not being supplanted by Bitcoin as the go-to alternative to actual currency.”  Gold set for a comeback  During the segment, Cramer looked at gold’s charts, and pointed out gold has dropped below $1,250 per ounce four times this year, and that claims of investors turning to bitcoin have only surfaced the fourth time.  Garner’s chart analysis pointed to various indicators that imply the precious metal is about to surge. In the last four years, gold’s been stuck on the $1,300-$1,000 range, after plunging from a high of $1,800 in 2013. Pointing to the Stochastic indicator, Garner made a case gold making a comeback, as most of the times the indicator showed the market was oversold, gold bounced.   At press time, gold’s trading at $1,260, and according to Garner the precious metal may still fall back to the $1,200 level before bouncing back. If support doesn’t hold, the precious metal may then go as low as $1,100 or $985 before bouncing back.  At the end of his segment, Cramer concluded:  “The charts… suggest that gold might be ready to make a comeback. And while I won’t discourage anyone from buying Bitcoin—just know the risks, know your limitations—I’m with Carley when it comes to the precious metal, not the precious keystroke.”  As reported by CCN, Google searches for  “buy bitcoin” surpassed searches for “buy gold,”  and as BullionVault’s research director Adrian Ash pointed out at the time, some investors are “being distracted by the noise around bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies,” adding that “that’s made interest from new gold investors the weakest since the metal’s half-decade price lows of end-2015.”  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin A Good Bet For Millennials, Says Bullish Strategist Tom Lee Twitter  Tom Lee, co-founder of the market strategy firm FundStrat Global Advisors and an outspoken bitcoin bull, sees bitcoin as a valid investment for young people.  Lee told CNBC’s  “Squawk Box”  Thursday that bitcoin makes a lot of sense as a store of value. One of the key advantages to bitcoin is that its value is not correlated to stocks, bonds or gold. Hence, Lee sees bitcoin as a good diversification.  He compared millennials ’ acceptance of cryptocurrencies as an investment to that of adopting gold among previous generations and the baby boomers’ driving the 1990s stock market rally.  Bitcoin And Blockchain An Asset Class  The U.S. millennials are driving the adoption of the blockchain, bitcoin and digital businesses, making them a real asset class, Lee said.  Lee, on Nov. 22, when bitcoin traded at around $8,000,  predicted bitcoin’s price would rise to $11,500 . The price was close to $16,000 today. The Nov. 22 forecast represented a 92% increase over a previous forecast.  Lee’s assessment is based on Metcalfe’s Law, a principle that states that the value of communications networks is proportional to the square number of the network’s users. Under Lee’s model, Fundstrat values bitcoin at the square number of bitcoin users plus transaction volume. He said that this model accounts for 94 percent of bitcoin’s year-to-date growth.  Also read:  Caution  ‘no longer warranted ’: bitcoin price headed to $11,500, says Tom Lee  Bitcoin Investment Trust To Benefit  In late October,  Lee predicted that the Bitcoin Investment Trust (OTC: GBTC) could triple in value  by 2022 if his bitcoin price predictions prove to be correct.  Lee earned a reputation both as a stock market bear and bitcoin bull. He has famously set a “conservative” 2022 bitcoin price target of $25,000, and he maintained that price target even during the market correction that was initiated by China’s recent ban on initial coin offerings and bitcoin exchanges.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Breaking: Russia to Reveal Bitcoin, ICO Draft Regulation Bill Next Week Twitter  Russia’s upcoming draft law on regulating cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and fundraising through ICOs will be submitted on December 28.  Speaking to reporters today, member of Parliament Anthony Akasov revealed details of the upcoming draft bill on the regulation of cryptocurrencies and ICOs, currently being worked on by Russia’s central bank and the ministry of finance.  Akasov, who notably serves as the president of the association of regional banks of Russia and chairman for the State Duma (Parliament) Committee on financial markets, hinted the bill would consider all cryptocurrencies as ‘other property’ alongside possible limits stipulated on an individual for ICO investments.  In roughly translated statements taken from Russian state-run news agency  RIA , Akasov stated:   “Cryptocurrency, thus far, is defined as other property. Until today, the meeting [among regulators and authorities] remains a small circle. There will be a final evaluation before the presentation of the bill. Whatever names they go by, bitcoin or ether, all cryptocurrencies are [to be seen] as other property. ”   Bill Likely to be Passed in March 2018  While the official confirmed the bill will be presented to the State Duma, the lower house of the Russian Parliament, on December 28, he stressed that the adoption of the bill is only to be expected near the end of March 2018.  The banking official stressed that the bill will prioritize the protection of retail investors, including those already ‘deceived’ into adopting cryptocurrencies.  He stated:  “[T]he problem is that we already have a lot of people who acquired cryptocurrencies and they are deceived. It is necessary to make possible [the laws] to people legally for this to work, to protect them as much as possible. ”  No VAT?  Curiously, the head of the financial markets committee at the State Duma also opined that cryptocurrencies should not be subject to value added tax (VAT).  He claimed:   “My opinion is that this property is a financial instrument, a financial asset, accordingly, its circulation should not be taxed on value added. ”   Limits for ICO Investors    Casting an eye toward ICO-related financing, Akasov confirmed a specific regulatory approach that will be discussed and re-defined in the coming days.  He stated:   “The ICO is seen as an element of crowdfunding, and the approach is that investors should be limited in the amount they invest. ”   After years of a hardline stance against cryptocurrencies wherein the Russian finance ministry sought to pass bills to  ban cryptocurrencies  and even  imprison  bitcoin adopters, the country’s authorities are currently fast-tracking a regulatory framework following  a mandate  from Russian president Vladimir Putin. The developments come at a time when Putin has also ordered Moscow’s political and influential elite to begin work on the ‘ cryptoruble’ , Russia’s own national cryptocurrency.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Japanese Tech Giant GMO Begins Mining Bitcoin in Europe Twitter  Japanese internet and technology conglomerate GMO Internet Co has kicked off its cryptocurrency mining venture in Northern Europe.  First revealed in September, Tokyo-based GMO Internet announced its intention to  invest over $3 million  toward a bitcoin mining operation in the first half of 2018. “We believe that cryptocurrencies will develop into ‘new universal currencies’”, the internet giant stated at the time, “available for use by anyone from any country or region to freely exchange “value’”. The multi-billion dollar conglomerate was already  operating its bitcoin exchange  at the time, launched a month after Japanese legislation  recognized bitcoin as a legal method of payment  in April.  Fast-tracking its goals, the publicly listed firm has now officially launched its cryptocurrency mining business through its legal entity in Europe. “The cryptocurrency mining business will use existing technology to mine from facilities (mining centers) in Northern Europe,” an  announcement  read. “GMO Internet will increase the size of the operation in phases, expanding the business.”  Keeping details of the location of its mining center under wraps, the firm confirmed that it was “utilizing plentiful renewable energy in Northern Europe.” What is known, as  reported  earlier, is a mining facility that with the production target of 500 petahashes per second (PH/s).  Optimistic in its foray into cryptocurrency mining, GMO also unveiled ongoing research and development with an unnamed ‘alliance partner who possesses semiconductor design technology’ for the ‘next-generation [of] mining boards’, equipped with mining chips based on 7-nanometer nodes.  ‘After the company has gained a certain level of operational experience, it will work on initiatives including provision of a cloud mining service and selling next-generation mining boards equipped with mining chips,’ GMO added, revealing plans to sell production-ready mining boards.  True to its word of recognizing cryptocurrencies as the “new universal currencies”, GMO is among the earliest companies to  process salaries  to some 4,710 full-time employees, in bitcoin.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Trader Bets $1 Million that Bitcoin Price Will Reach $50,000 in 2018 Twitter  An unknown trader or group of traders has placed a million-dollar bet that the bitcoin price will reach $50,000 by the end of 2018.  As first reported by  The Wall Street Journal , trading data from LedgerX  — the first U.S. exchange to list bitcoin derivatives  — shows that an unidentified trader or group of traders paid $990,000 for the right to purchase up to 275 bitcoins in 2018  — at a price of $50,000 each.  Source: LedgerX  The bet was made using a call option, a contract that allows the buyer to purchase an asset at a particular price on or before a specific date, no matter what the current market price is. In this case, the buyer or buyers paid an average of $3,600 per bitcoin  — a fee roughly equivalent to one-fifth of a bitcoin at today ’s exchange rate  — to lock in a price of $50,000 until Dec. 28, 2018. If the trader exercises the full value of that option, they will have to pay $13,750,000, bringing the full value of their investment to nearly $15 million.  Although the trader remains unidentified, LedgerX CEO Paul Chou hinted that the bet was indicative of  rising interest from institutional investors , many of whom remained on the sidelines due to the lack of robust bitcoin derivatives markets on regulated exchanges.  “Without a doubt, there are institutions out there that are looking at these types of trades or have done these types of trades,” Mr. Chou told the Journal. “It’s not an individual, let’s put it that way.”  The bet is incredibly bullish, indicating that the trader believes there is a significant chance the bitcoin price will continue its meteoric trend into the new year, even as bitcoin bulls like Pantera Capital ’s Dan Morehead warn that a  bear market  may lie on the horizon.  Just to break even, the bitcoin price will need to reach $53,600  — plus the cost of trading fees, representing an increase of approximately 320 percent from its current value of $16,764, according to the  CCN Bitcoin Price Index . This means that, effectively, the bitcoin price could triple over the next year and the buyer would still lose money on the trade.  However, if the bitcoin price does manage to replicate this year ’s unprecedented performance in 2018, it could prove to be the trade of a lifetime.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ripple Price Surges by Nearly 40%, Surpasses $1 For First Time in History Twitter  The Ripple price has surged by nearly 40 percent over the past 24 hours led by the US and South Korean cryptocurrency markets.  For the first time in history, the price of Ripple has surpassed $1, an important milestone for the cryptocurrency and the global Ripple community.   Factors Behind Ripple’s Price Surge  Earlier this month, CCN reported that Ripple briefly overtook Bitcoin Cash to become the third largest cryptocurrency with a $31 billion market cap. However, since then, Bitcoin Cash once again has become the third largest cryptocurrency in the market, obtaining a $62 billion market cap.  While the price of Ripple has not performed as well as Bitcoin Cash, it has surged by more than 50 percent over the past two days. Within merely six days, the market cap of Ripple grew from $31 billion to $40 billion.  Analysts have attributed the recent success and strong price performance of Ripple to the active testing and implementation of Ripple’s blockchain-based solutions by major banks in the US, Japan, and South Korea.  On December 13, the price of Ripple skyrocketed by 71 percent overnight, as 61 Japanese banks and leading South Korean financial institutions agreed to collaborate on implementing the technologies of Ripple to process frictionless international payments.  Japanese mainstream media outlet  Nikkei  reported that banks in Japan and South Korea have entered the testing of Ripple’s blockchain-based technologies on December 15. The report stated that if the banks conduct a series of successful tests of the Ripple blockchain, South Korean and Japanese banks will deploy the Ripple blockchain technology across its international transaction processing infrastructures.  By early spring 2018, more than 70 Japanese and South Korean banks are set to process borderless transactions between the two regions using the Ripple blockchain network. Given that major banks in both regions settle billions of dollar basis, the participation of over 70 banks in the Ripple ecosystem is expected to substantially increase transaction volume of the Ripple blockchain network and demonstrate its potential at a large commercial scale.  The Japanese and South Korean cryptocurrency markets have remained incredibly optimistic in regards to the partnership between South Korean and Japanese banks, and their collaborative testing of the Ripple blockchain technology.  Consequently, the demand for Ripple in Japan and South Korea, two of the largest cryptocurrency markets in the world, has surged drastically in the short-term.  South Korea is Behind Ripple  On Bithumb, South Korea’s largest cryptocurrency market, Ripple is the second most traded cryptocurrency with a daily trading volume of around $700 million. That is a daily trading volume significantly larger than that of bitcoin on Bithumb.  Ripple is being traded with a huge premium in the South Korean market. At the time of reporting, the global average price of Ripple is $1.06. In South Korea, Ripple is being traded at $1.3, with an 18.4 percent premium.  The global Ripple community is also anticipating an announcement from Ripple chief cryptographer David Schwartz in which he is expected to reveal the name of Ripple’s new partner. Schwartz hinted that the new Ripple partner will come as a  “surprise ” to the Ripple community, suggesting that Ripple will likely be partnering with a large institution.  For a real-time Ripple price chart, click  here .  
INCREASE	   Tax Fears? Anonymous Cryptocurrencies Dash, Zcash and Monero Surge in South Korea Twitter  The prices of three leading anonymous and privacy-focused cryptocurrencies Dash, Monero, and Zcash have surged in South Korea, amidst local market’s concerns over the South Korean government’s plans to impose gains taxes on cryptocurrency investment.  Across Bithumb and Coinone, two of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges in the South Korean market, the prices of Dash, Monero, and Zcash have increased by 30 percent, 13 percent, and 23.4 percent respectively, with Dash demonstrating the largest daily gain.   On Bithumb alone, the combined daily trading volume of Dash, Monero, and Zcash surpassed $550 million, overtaking the daily trading volume of bitcoin on all of the South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges.   Market Fearing Cryptocurrency Taxation?  As CCN reported , on December 13, the South Korean government held an emergency meeting to discuss cryptocurrency regulations. On Friday, two days after the meeting, the South Korean government released four main regulatory frameworks which were:  Prevent unaccredited investors from dealing with losses through highly volatile cryptocurrencies. Prevent strictly regulated cryptocurrency exchanges from operating as speculative platforms for unaccredited investors. Request banks and exchanges to ensure underaged investors and foreigners cannot open trading accounts on cryptocurrency exchanges.  Temporarily suspend institutional investors and retail investors from investing in cryptocurrencies.  In addition to these four regulations, the South Korean government stated that it will consider taxing cryptocurrency investors because it fears a “speculative mania” forming in the short-term. The government noted that it will cooperate with cryptocurrency exchanges and establish a method of taxing capital gains from cryptocurrency trading.  Within a week since the official statement of the South Korean government was released, the demand for privacy-focused cryptocurrencies in the South Korean market has surged. Previously, the market demonstrated minor interests in Dash and Zcash.   This week, the price of the three leading anonymous cryptocurrencies outperformed every other cryptocurrency listed on South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges with the exception of Ripple.  While Bithumb representatives and Hong Kong-based exchange Gatecoin executive Thomas Glucksmann emphasized that the imposition of strict regulations by the South Korean government will be beneficial for the local cryptocurrency market, the market and investors within it are still concerned with the potential passage of a cryptocurrency trading tax policy.  “The regulations in Korea will not have a negative effect. Licensing brings certainty, which encourages already regulated entities  … to get involved in addition to skeptical retail investors,”  said  Glucksmann.  Bithumb shared a similar sentiment with Glucksmann, as it  stated , ”A right set of regulations will rather nurture the (virtual currency) market, and we would welcome that.”  Benefit of Anonymous Cryptocurrencies  Strict Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) policies and systems employed by local cryptocurrency exchanges create a challenging ecosystem for investors to purchase any cryptocurrency without being identified and verified as cryptocurrency traders.   The authorities cannot trace Dash, Zcash, and Monero payments beyond the initial transaction processed on regulated exchanges. Hence, if an investor purchases any of the three anonymous cryptocurrency on Bithumb and sends it to a wallet, beyond the initial trade on Bithumb, the government cannot trace the payments to the investor.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Named ‘Term of the Year’ by Investopedia Twitter  Financial education outlet Investopedia named Bitcoin is 2017 term of the year, highlighting the extent to which cryptocurrency has become part of the mainstream financial conversation.  Bitcoin Named  ‘Term of Year ’ by Investopedia  Earlier this week, Investopedia released its annual list of the Top Financial Terms, as measured by search volume and percentage gains over the course of the year. Perhaps unsurprisingly, “bitcoin” cruised to the top spot on the list, beating out terms such as “artificial intelligence,” “Trumpcare,” “FAANG,” and even “millennials”.  While newsworthy, none of those other terms captured the imaginations of investors quite like  bitcoin , an asset that entered the year near its all-time high and still managed to appreciate by approximately 1,600 percent during a yearlong rally that has been nothing short of meteoric.  “We have seen investing manias before, but the hype around bitcoin, cryptocurrencies and the blockchain have created unprecedented user interest on Investopedia, and across all media in 2017”, said Caleb Silver, editor in chief at Investopedia, in a media release.  As a testament to bitcoin ’s ascent, regulated U.S. exchanges raced to list  bitcoin futures contracts  and are currently scrambling to bring the first  bitcoin-based exchange-traded fund  (Bitcoin ETF) to market. Even central banks have begun exploring ways to use cryptocurrency-derived technology to issue  state-backed currencies  on a blockchain.  Blockchain  & ICO Crack the Top Five  Notably, bitcoin was not the only cryptocurrency-related term to appear in the list. Blockchain ranked second, a product of the fact that many technical analysts believe this technology  — first introduced by Bitcoin creator Satoshi Nakamoto  — has the potential to disrupt a multitude of industries.  ICO, meanwhile, ranked fourth, which is fitting given that this nascent fundraising model helped blockchain startups  net more than $4 billion  in 2017.  “Investors clearly have disruptive technology on the mind this year. Search results for terms such as artificial intelligence, bitcoin and blockchain have dominated our traffic,” said David Siegel, CEO of Investopedia.  “While we don’t know yet how these trends will play out in 2018, what we do know is that investors are craving more information and insight on how to get involved with new offerings like bitcoin and how innovative technology is going to impact their investing, personal and professional lives, ” Siegel concluded.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.        
INCREASE	   ICO or IBO? Initial Bounty Offerings Are Officially on the Market Twitter  A quick look at leading ICO listing sites reveal just how popular ICOs have become. Thousands are  currently active or upcoming . In November, Pantera Capital limited partner Miko Matsumura reported that there are roughly  30 ICOs being launched per day .  With this growth comes challenges to stand out and create noise. Telegram channels are becoming a battleground for attention and social channels are flooded with enticing offers to capture the attention of crypto enthusiasts. It would only make sense that the game would eventually evolve.  While not yet on many people ’s radar, the first recorded IBO, or initial bounty offering, has launched. According to  Decryptionary.com , an IBO is  “a limited-time process by which a new cryptocurrency is made public and distributed to people who invest their skills and time to earn rewards in the new cryptocurrency. Unlike an Initial Coin Offering where the coins are sold, an IBO requires more mental commitment. ”  A quick search on Google reveals that the  first mention  of an IBO was in July 2017 by a company called  U.CASH.  U.CASH is a  “blockchain based financial platform and digital asset converter network with a built-in cryptocurrency for payments of fees, execution of smart contracts and additional functionality. ”  U.CASH ’s IBO has a timeline similar to an ICO and claims to be the  “world ’s first Initial Bounty Offering ”, dedicating the majority of network access tokens to users participating in the IBO. According to U.CASH ’s website, an IBO is defined as:  “Initial Bounty Offerings are a way to crowdsource human resources, business development, marketing and user acquisition for blockchain technology ecosystems, by offering network tokens in exchange for contributions to the ecosystem. ”  Traditional ICO bounty programs act in a similar fashion but have one main difference: they are typically limited in both the token equity distributed and timeline offered. Most traditional bounty programs are hosted on forums such as  Bitcointalk  and offer early ICO engagers with a chance to complete tasks in return for a token ( “bounty ”). These reserve pools are typically just a few percent of an ICO ’s total token allocation.  In U.CASH ’s case, their IBO includes opportunities to collect bounties during the full IBO period and offers incentivizes to bounty hunters for early participation. Bounties can be earned from tasks as simple as registering and validating identity. Other more detailed assignments include social media engagement and whitepaper translations.  The goal is to create a fairer distribution of tokens and help drive network growth. Given increased competition in the ICO landscape, an IBO makes sense. As projects fight for attention and try to gain contributions, structured long-term bounty programs could help incentivize frequent participation and create awareness around promising projects.  Disclaimer: The author has had a working relationship with U.CASH in the past and was introduced to the concept of an IBO by U.CASH leadership.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   South Korea ’s Bitcoin Cash Frenzy: 2x Higher Volume Than Bitcoin Twitter  The demand for Bitcoin Cash in the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market has been skyrocketing over the past two days.  2x Volume of Bitcoin on Bithumb  Yesterday, on December 21, CCN reported that the price of Bitcoin Cash increased by more than 50 percent, to over $3,300. Since then, the price of Bitcoin Cash has increased by another 7 percent, to $3,640.   In the South Korean cryptocurrency market, investors have been trading Bitcoin Cash with a significantly high premium throughout the past week. At the time of reporting, the price of Bitcoin Cash in the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market remains above $4,300, demonstrating a nearly $700 premium over the global average Bitcoin Cash price.  Due to the increasing demand for Bitcoin Cash, its daily trading volume has surpassed that of bitcoin and other leading cryptocurrencies such as Ethereum and Ripple. Currently, Bithumb, the South Korean market’s largest cryptocurrency market and the global cryptocurrency market’s second largest trading platform, is processing over $1.2 billion in Bitcoin Cash trades on a daily basis.   Analysts have attributed the recent increase in demand for Bitcoin Cash by South Korean investors in the market as FOMO, or fear of missing out. Once a cryptocurrency begins to surge in value, every investor in the South Korean market attempts to follow the trend and profit off the investment.  This speculative mindset of the majority of South Korean investors in the local market has also become a major concern for the government. Instead of considering cryptocurrencies as currencies and stores of value like investors in other leading regions such as Japan and the US, the South Korean market and investors within it consider cryptocurrencies as short-term opportunities to generate profit.  Last week, in an emergency meeting held by the South Korean government, financial authorities revealed their plans to impose strict regulations on the cryptocurrency market to prevent short-term bubbles from forming.  The recent controversial launch of Bitcoin Cash trading on Coinbase and its flagship trading platform GDAX also introduced Bitcoin Cash to many investors that did not know of the cryptocurrency in the past, particularly in the South Korean market.  This week, Coinbase, the world’s largest bitcoin brokerage and wallet platform, along with its digital currency exchange GDAX was accused of manipulating the market. Although Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong released a statement in response to the situation, the accusations toward Coinbase have not dematerialized.   “Given the price increase in the hours leading up the announcement, we will be conducting an investigation into this matter. If we find evidence of any employee or contractor violating our policies — directly or indirectly — I will not hesitate to terminate the employee immediately and take appropriate legal action,”  said Armstrong.  Overall Optimism From South Korean Market  Apart from Bitcoin Cash, other cryptocurrencies such as Qtum and Ripple have increased in value in the South Korean market, similarly due to FOMO demonstrated by local investors. Over the past 24 hours, Qtum has accounted for $500 million of Bithumb’s daily trading volume, showing a daily volume higher than that of Ethereum and Litecoin.  In general, the South Korean market is optimistic in regards to the long-term growth trend of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in the market because the local government has finally offered some clarity in the regulatory frameworks around cryptocurrency trading.  Click  here  for a real-time bitcoin cash price chart.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Drops Another 5% as Mid-Week Slump Continues Twitter  The bitcoin price declined another five percent on Thursday as it endured a midweek slump that reduced its market share far below the 50 percent threshold. Several altcoins, meanwhile, posted impressive single-day returns, enabling the cryptocurrency market cap to add roughly $20 billion and return to a record level.  Bitcoin Price Declines by Five Percent  The  bitcoin price  declined five percent on Thursday, extending its midweek slump for another day. After reaching a 24-hour high of $17,828, the bitcoin price dropped as low as $15,603 before eventually leveling out at a present value of $16,701 on Bitfinex. At present, bitcoin has a market cap of $276.6 billion.   That bitcoin would suffer a moderate correction following its breakneck fourth-quarter rally should not be too concerning. However, investors should keep an eye on the bitcoin dominance index, a metric which measures bitcoin ’s share of the cryptocurrency market cap relative to other coins.  Throughout most of its history, bitcoin has boasted an overwhelmingly-dominant share. Earlier this year, bitcoin dominance fell below 50 percent for the first time, and it briefly appeared as though ethereum could unseat bitcoin as the most valuable cryptocurrency. These fears were not borne out, and bitcoin ’s second-half surge returned the flagship cryptocurrency to its dominant position in the market.  However, this week bitcoin ’s market share has plunged below 44 percent, its lowest mark since the bitcoin cash hard fork in August.  Ethereum Price Posts Minor Gain  The recent  ethereum price  rally has contributed to the bitcoin ’s waning dominance, although it has not been the sole culprit. On Thursday, the ethereum price posted a two percent gain and is currently trading at $828 on Bitfinex. Ethereum ’s market cap currently sits just below $80 billion, while its market share has increased to 13 percent after briefly slipping below 10 percent earlier this month.   Bitcoin Cash Price Plunges Nearly 30 Percent  The  bitcoin cash price  endured a severe correction on Thursday, plunging by 26 percent from the all-time high it set on Wednesday in a  wave of euphoric trading  predicated on the coin ’s addition to Coinbase and GDAX. However, even after this double-digit retrace, bitcoin cash is still trading above $3,500 on Bitstamp, representing a weekly increase of $1,600. Bitcoin cash currently has a market cap of $60 billion, giving it a market share of approximately 10 percent.   Ripple, Dash Lead Mixed Altcoin Market  Once again, the altcoin markets posted a moderate advance despite mixed performances from individual cryptocurrencies.   The ripple price returned the best single-day performance of any top-tier coin, rising nearly 29 percent to bring it within striking distance of dollar parity.  At present, ripple is trading at a $0.94, which translates into a $36 billion market cap.   The litecoin price declined by more than four percent, perhaps due to the news that its creator, Charlie Lee, had  sold his entire litecoin balance  and donated the proceeds. Although Lee maintains that he is just as committed to litecoin development as ever, some investors have questioned whether that will be true since he no longer has a direct financial incentive to promote the project.  The IOTA price declined by nine percent following Wednesday ’s double-digit rally, while seventh-ranked dash exploded by 17 percent to raise its price near $1,500. EOS slipped by four percent, and NEM added five percent to raise its market cap above $8.5 billion.  Monero rounded out the top 10 with a 12 percent increase to $455, perhaps due to fears of  impending cryptocurrency tax legislation  in South Korea.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Click  here  for a real-time bitcoin price chart.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   “Cheap Shot”: CBOE Chief Dismisses “Irresponsible” Bitcoin Futures Complaints Twitter  CBOE’s chief executive has shot down complaints against the launch of its bitcoin futures market, labeling them a “cheap shot”.  CBOE chairman and chief executive Edward Tilly has come out fighting against claims that the exchange’s bitcoin futures listing was a rushed launch, stating that it had been working under the market regulator’s oversight “for months and months at every level” leading up to the launch.  For context, the Futures Industry Association (FIA)– an influential Wall Street lobby group whose members include JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs  wrote a letter  to the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) last week, claiming that CBOE’s bitcoin futures launch “did not allow for proper public transparency and output”.  CBOE functions under a self-certified regime that allows them to certify their derivatives products themselves, under law. “This process does not distinguish for a product ’s risk profile or unique nature,” wrote FIA chief Walter Lukken in his critique. “We believe that this expedited self-certification process for these novel products does not align with the potential risks that underlie their trading and should be reviewed.”  He went on to add that a “public discussion should have been had” surrounding CBOE’s bitcoin futures contract launch.  Speaking to the  Financial Times , CBOE chief Edward Tilly pushed back against the complaint, calling it an “uncalled for” and a “cheap shot.”  I think letters like that and cheap shots to our regulator, the CFTC, are uncalled for to make it seem this was an overnight self-certification without the proper amount of CFTC involvement. This is just irresponsible. I respect all the concerns that the industry has but when it ’s articulated in the way the FIA did, not so much.  Playing By the Rules  Tilly went on to confirm that the CBOE did address  the concerns  of Thomas Peterffy, founder and chairman of a brokerage firm Interactive Brokers. Peterffy, a billionaire, wrote in a letter that has also been published on the Wall Street Journal that bitcoin and cryptocurrency-related financial products should be kept away from the ‘real economy.’  “That was raised at OCC [Options Clearing Corporation]. OCC considered that, as they should when Thomas speaks and determined that the current structure of OCC ’s clearing fund was the appropriate one,” Tilly revealed. “Again, I default to their expertise and I’m comfortable with their decision.”  Curiously, Tilly did not rule out a scenario in the future wherein CBOE owns and operates its own bitcoin trading platform.  He said:  Maybe one day. Right now we stick to what we know.  CBOE’s launch on Sunday stole a march on the upcoming launch of its cross-town Chicago rival CME Group’s own bitcoin futures launch next Monday, December 18.  Featured image from YouTube/ Bloomberg .  
INCREASE	   Analysts Blame Gold’s Fall On Bitcoin’s Rise Twitter  As bitcoin’s price has surged,  gold  has suffered. Some market analysts see a correlation. Gold and  bitcoin  have both been viewed as safe havens for capital during periods of uncertainty for asset values.  GDX price for the last three months. Source: Ycharts.com  As bitcoin’s  price  has soared, some analysts think investors are favoring bitcoin as an investment, causing gold to lose value.  Gold Hits Low Point  GDX, an exchange-traded fund for gold miners, has lost 15% of its value since September while gold prices have fallen to its July low point.  Larry McDonald, who oversees U.S. macro strategy at ACG Analytics, said gold’s declines have been accompanied by lower bond yields, a situation the strategist calls unusual.  McDonald told CNBC that every time rates have declined in the last two years, gold has increased. There has been an 82% correlation between bonds and gold prices, he said, but this past week, that correlation dissolved. He pointed to bitcoin as the cause for this.  The growth of bitcoin and cryptocurrencies could bring an even greater downside for gold, McDonald said.  Also read:  51% of respondents choose bitcoin over gold and fiat; Ron Paul survey  Bitcoin Eats Into Gold  Cryptocurrencies currently have a market capitalization equal to 23% of liquid tradeable gold, McDonald said. That figure has increased 2% or 3% over a year ago, so cryptocurrencies are definitely eating into the gold.  While gold has declined more than 2% in the last month, bitcoin has more than doubled its value.  Sunday’s launch of the  CBOE bitcoin futures  took bitcoin to close to $16,800 by Monday morning. Gold, meanwhile, has remained near its July lows.  Phillip Streible, a senior market strategist at RJO Futures, said bitcoin futures contracts will hold a key indicator for gold’s future. If bitcoin futures collapse, gold will gain, he said on CNBC’s “Power Lunch.” Gold will regain its attraction as a safe haven store of value.  CME, another exchange, will launch its bitcoin futures on Dec. 18.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Futures Isn ’t Taking Gold ’s Shine Away: Goldman Sachs Twitter  As interest continues to surge for bitcoin, could it soon become the new gold? According to Goldman Sachs, the answer is no.  Throughout 2017, bitcoin ’s value has grown to unprecedented heights. However, unlike gold, which is valued $8.3 trillion, bitcoin pales in comparison with a market value worth $282.8 billion. Even with the combined crypto market ’s value taken into consideration, at $466.7 billion, it ’s still a long way from reaching gold ’s standard. As a result, according to the analysts at Goldman Sachs, the digital currency is unlikely to attract investors away from the yellow metal.  Bloomberg  reports that the note reads:  While the lack of liquidity and increased volatility may keep bitcoin interesting, it’s unlikely to convince investors looking for the kind of diversification and hedging benefits which gold has proven to possess over its long history.  The bitcoin community has recently seen the launch of the Cboe Global Markets futures contract, allowing investors to bet on the price of the digital currency. With yesterday completing the first full day of trading, the cryptocurrency saw its value rise above $17,000. Considering it started the year at $1,000, it has come a long way, overcoming several obstacles in its path.  Yet, despite many seeing the futures contract as a way of pushing bitcoin further into the mainstream, Goldman Sachs outlined several reasons why it won ’t become a substitution to gold.  Firstly, investor pools are  ‘vastly different. ’ According to the bank, gold investors are covered by anti-money laundering (AML) and counter-terrorist financing (CTF) regulations. However, when it comes to digital currencies there is little clarity on how they would comply with these rules.  Secondly, the analysts point out is that there has been  ‘no discernible gold outflows from ETFs. ’ Goldman Sachs state that bullion-backed ETF holdings near the highest since 2013.  Thirdly,  ‘market characteristics of gold and cryptocurrencies are vastly different. ’ The analysts argue that  ‘bitcoin is attracting more speculative inflows ’ than gold, adding:  While bitcoin has a mathematically certain total supply, and gold has a finite (but less certain) supply in the earth’s crust, the composition of demand between bitcoin and gold is the key difference.  Many, though, have commented on the digital currency as digital gold. One of which is billionaire hedge fund manager and bitcoin bull, Mike Novogratz. According to the former Fortress manager, he is of the opinion that the digital currency market has the potential to reach  $2 trillion by the end of 2018 .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Indian Bitcoin Investors Face Paying Taxes on their Bitcoin Sales [Profits] Twitter  Investors in India are finding that they may be subject to paying tax after selling their bitcoin following the Reserve Bank of India ’s (RBI) warning against trading in them.  Earlier this month, the country ’s central bank  issued its second warning  to the public cautioning them about digital currencies, in particular, bitcoin. In a public notice, on the 5 December, the RBI warned adopters about the  ‘potential economic, financial, operational, legal, customer protection and security related risks ’ regarding the use of virtual currencies.  As a result, a number of investors have started to sell their coins, one of which is S Shridhar, an engineer working at an American IT company in Bengaluru reports  The Economic Times . Heeding the notice from the RBI, Shridhar sold 20 bitcoins on Friday, an amount worth 21.8 million rupees, at the time of publishing. However, he was then told by his tax advisor that he may have to pay tax seeing as Shridhar transferred his return from the trade to his bank account.  Depending on whether the digital currency is considered as a business income or a capital gain, experts claim that returns from the cryptocurrency could attract as much as 20-30 percent tax.  Jeenendra Bhandari, partner at tax advisory firm MGB, explained:  In case anyone sells bitcoins, the gains would definitely attract taxation, depending on his intent to categorise the gains either as business income or capital gains. There is no specific amendment to income tax law required to determine bitcoin taxability.  Not only that, but tax departments could consider trade from selling the digital currency as business income, treating it as speculative business and attracting regular tax rates, according to Amit Maheshwari, partner at Ashok Maheshwary  & Associates LLP Chartered Accountants, adding:  If anyone is selling bitcoins and the money comes in his bank account, this would attract either long-term capital gain tax or short-term capital gain tax, depending on the holding period.  Maheshwari said that long-term capital gain at 20 percent could be levied if the coins were held for at least 36 months. Short-term gains would see 30 percent added. Due to the RBI ’s warning there has been a rush in India to sell their coins. This comes at a time when India ’s retailers are quickly adopting bitcoin, despite  soaring premiums .  Yet, even though bitcoin isn ’t considered illegal in India, it isn ’t legal either. It is this ambiguity that has seen India ’s Supreme Court call on the government to  issue clear guidelines  regarding the use to  ‘regulate the flow of bitcoin ’ in the country.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘I Remain Highly Skeptical’: Jamie Dimon Breaks Silence on Bitcoin as Futures Launch Twitter  JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon is famous for his bombastic bitcoin bashing, but the vocal bitcoin critic had been largely silent on the flagship cryptocurrency over the course of the past two months.  Jamie Dimon Remains Skeptical of Bitcoin  However, he broke that silence this week, issuing a short, muted statement that indicated he has not altered his view of bitcoin or other public, decentralized cryptocurrencies.  “Look, everyone has a personal opinion about Bitcoin. I remain highly skeptical of it. But as I’ve said previously, I’m open-minded to uses of cryptocurrencies if properly controlled and regulated,” Dimon  told CNBC  in a statement.  This appears to be the first time Dimon has spoken publicly on bitcoin in approximately two months. Earlier in the year, he drew headlines by calling bitcoin a “ fraud ” that is “ worth nothing ” and only purchased by “ stupid ” investors.  In mid-October, Dimon  vowed  to stop talking about bitcoin  — a promise that lasted exactly one day. However, following that brief relapse, he had remained largely silent on bitcoin throughout November and early December, perhaps due to the 200 percent rally that bitcoin assembled in the intervening period.  ‘Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is ’  However, now  — unlike then  — Dimon has the ability to demonstrate the sincerity of his bearish outlook by shorting bitcoin because  CBOE launched bitcoin futures products  earlier this week. Thus far, however, it does not appear that Dimon, or anyone for that matter, has taken up significant short positions in the CBOE markets.  Commenting on this fact, Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss  — co-founders of cryptocurrency exchange Gemini, whose daily auction price is used as the basis for CBOE’s futures  — encouraged Dimon to “put his money where his mouth is,” so to speak.  “We’re just waiting for Jamie Dimon. Put your money where your mouth is,” the Winklevoss twins said, according to a  Bloomberg analyst .  
INCREASE	   Korea’s Justice Ministry Mulls Total Ban on Bitcoin Trading: Report Twitter  The South Korean Ministry of Justice is reportedly planning to outlaw trading of all cryptocurrencies including bitcoin.  Citing an official from Korea’s Ministry of Justice, the Nikkei published a  report  with quotes from the ministry official suggesting a complete ban on all cryptocurrency trading in Korea, now firmly established as one of the world’s largest cryptocurrency trading markets. The draconic move, which is certain to meet opposition from other legislators including Korea’s finance ministry, is being considered in order to protect retail investors from potential sca ms, according to the official.  In clear statements on Monday, the report cites Choi Jin-seok – a prosecutor at the Justice Ministry in charge of cryptocurrency-related crimes, as stating:  We do not rule out an option that bans trading of [all] cryptocurrencies. We acknowledge many problems stemming from the trade and are studying how to control them.  The hardline ban, if enforced, will take after China’s precedent in carrying out  crippling measures  to effectively shutter its local bitcoin industry. Korea has already followed  China’s cue  in enforcing  a complete ban  on initial coin offering (ICO) fundraising, although regulators have since hinted at a softer regulatory approach that would  reverse the ban .  The Justice Ministry’s plan “will almost certainly face opposition inside the government”, the report further added, pointing to multiple endeavors by Korean government ministries to regulate – in effect legalize – the tremendously popular cryptocurrency industry.  For instance, Korea’s National Tax Service – operating under the purview of the Ministry of Strategy and Finance – is  drawing up a framework  to enforce income taxes on cryptocurrencies. Earlier in July, Korean politician Park Yong-jin, a lawmaker and member of the ruling Democratic Party set out to draft multiple revisions to existing legislation to  mandate regulations  for cryptocurrencies, an effort that is  firmly taking shape  in the country.  The move to regulate the local bitcoin industry began with a promise to introduce regulations by the chief of Korea’s Financial Services Commission (FSC) – the country’s primary financial regulator – last year.  As  reported  by CCN, FSC chairman Yim Jong-yong said at the time:  The government will push for the systemization of digital currency on a full scale in tandem with a global trend in the U.S., Japan and other countries.  As to how the supposed ban on cryptocurrency trading could take place, the Nikkei report cites sources within Korea’s Justice Ministry claiming that “many prosecutors are leaning towards considering cryptocurrencies themselves a scam” as they aren’t backed by a monetary authority or a government. Such a classification would give the Justice Ministry the legal go-ahead to apply  Korea’s criminal code and effectively ban cryptocurrency trading.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Price Surges by 32%, Achieves New All-Time high at $635 Twitter  The Ethereum price has surged by more than 32 percent over the past 24 hours, achieving a new all-time high at $635 and a daily trading volume of nearly $5 billion.   Last week, CCN reported that the US has become the largest Ethereum exchange market, overtaking South Korea. Two exchanges, Coinbase’s flagship trading platform GDAX and Bitfinex, have accounted for more than 20 percent of global Ether trades over the past few weeks.  Since earlier this week, the popularity of Ether has begun to rebound in the South Korean market, as traders on the country’s three leading exchanges Bithumb, Coinone, and Korbit started to increasingly trade Ether. At the time of reporting, Bithumb, South Korea’s largest cryptocurrency exchange market, accounts for 11 percent of global Ether trades, with a $500 million daily trading volume.  Why is Ether Price Rising?  Throughout today, the market valuation and price of almost every single cryptocurrency in the market have surged. Some, including Litecoin, Dash, and Ether have made significant gains, with Litecoin recording a staggering 80 percent daily increase in value.  Both Litecoin and Ethereum have struggled to make major gains since September and throughout the past two months, the price of Ether and Litecoin have remained stable at around $350 and $100, respectively.  However, over the past 24 hours, the two cryptocurrencies skyrocketed in value, as the demand for cryptocurrencies from the global finance market has increased, primarily due to the successful debut of bitcoin futures on the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE).  Naturally, the price of Ether, which has continuously been the second largest cryptocurrency behind Ethereum, has increased as more capital and wealth have begun to move from the traditional finance market to the cryptocurrency market.  In several major regions such as South Korea, government agencies and financial authorities have announced their plans to allow initial coin offerings (ICOs). The South Korean government for instance, plans to allow institutional investors and accredited traders to invest in ICOs in the near future, but impose a temporary ban on ICO investment for the general public.  Since late 2016, ICOs have accounted for a major portion of the Ethereum network’s transaction volume and trading volume. Hence, the legalization of ICOs in major regions will have an immediate and large impact on the short-term price trend of Ethereum.  More importantly, the Ethereum transaction volume has been increasing at an exponential rate, likely because of the growing popularity of two decentralized applications (dapps); CryptoKitties and EtherDelta.  As of current, the Ethereum blockchain network settles approximately 830,000 transactions on a daily basis, more than all of the cryptocurrencies in the market including bitcoin combined.   The growth of Ethereum in terms of user base and daily transaction volume translates to the increase in its market valuation and price, as it continues to evolve as the premier platform for decentralized applications.  Mid-Term Trend  As Litecoin creator Charlie Lee noted, given the recent performance of most cryptocurrencies in the market, a major correction will likely occur in the upcoming weeks. As such, the price of Ether could correct itself within the next week, to further stabilize the market and shake off weak hands.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
INCREASE	   Litecoin Price Spikes 82% in a Single Day to Hit $300, Surpasses IOTA Twitter  The Litecoin price has achieved $300, as it surpassed IOTA with a $15 billion market cap, to become the fourth largest cryptocurrency in the world behind Bitcoin Cash.   Ari Paul, a prominent bitcoin analyst and the co-founder of Blocktower Capital, noted that the market cap of Litecoin has surpassed the entire cryptocurrency market valuation 15 months ago.  “Litecoin is now worth more than the entire cryptocurrency market just 15 months ago,” said Paul.  $10 Billion Market Cap Milestone  Earlier today, Litecoin creator and former Coinbase executive Charlie Lee revealed that the market cap of Litecoin surpassed the $10 billion mark, and has recorded a 4,000 percent increase in value year-to-date.  Since then, within less than 24 hours since the market valuation of Litecoin surpassed $10 billion, it achieved $15 billion, peaking to $230.  While a single major event did not trigger the price of Litecoin to increase by nearly 80 percent within a 24-hour span, many analysts believe that the recent surge in the price of Litecoin was caused by an overall increase in interest and demand for the cryptocurrency market from the traditional finance sector.  Given that Litecoin is a cheaper and a more currency-like alternative to bitcoin due to its lower fees and faster confirmation times, it is likely that the strong performance of bitcoin over the past three months has impacted the short to mid-term price trend of Litecoin positively.  Still, despite today’s strong rally, Lee emphasized that investors should approach Litecoin and any other cryptocurrency in the market with caution, as any currency could experience a major correction in value.  “Sorry to spoil the party, but I need to reign in the excitement a bit … Buying LTC is extremely risky. I expect us to have a multi-year bear market like the one we just had where LTC dropped 90% in value ($48 to $4). So if you can ’t handle LTC dropping to $20, don ’t buy,”  said  Lee.  He added that every bull run in the cryptocurrency market has been followed by a bear cycle, and hence, the latest 76 percent surge in the price of Litecoin could lead to a major correction in the short-term.  Lee said:  “Every crypto bull run I ’ve seen has been followed by a bear cycle. The market needs time to consolidate. That ’s just my experience from 7 years of watching this space. How low and how long it will be is TBD. People need to be aware of this possibility and invest responsibly.”  Litecoin Trading Not Centralized in South Korea  Considering all of the variables and recent events, it is optimistic that the trading of Litecoin is not heavily centralized in Litecoin, as Bitcoin Cash was in November. GDAX, the flagship trading platform of Coinbase, processed more than $1 billion in Litecoin trades over the past 24 hours. That is, almost half of the daily trading volume of GDAX at $2.25 billion being allocated to Litecoin.  Due to the zero-fee system of major cryptocurrency exchanges in the industry, the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market has had a negative reputation, as zero-fee trading leaves exchanges vulnerable against bot and wash trading.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum, Litecoin Prices Headline $20 Billion Altcoin Rally Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets achieved another comprehensive advance on Tuesday, but  — breaking from recent norms  — the bitcoin price was not leading the rally. That honor belonged to the ethereum price and litecoin price, each of whom surged to all-time highs and helped catalyze a record day for the altcoin markets.  Cryptocurrencies More Valuable Than Alibaba  Nevertheless, bitcoin did make a slight advance and coupled with the $20 billion altcoin rally, the total cryptocurrency market cap soared from $444.3 billion to $467.8 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  This, incidentally, makes the combined value of all cryptocurrencies worth more than Chinese technology conglomerate Alibaba, whose founder, Jack Ma recently said that bitcoin is  “ not for me . ”  Source: Yahoo Finance  Bitcoin Posts Minor Advance as Futures Launch on CBOE  The bitcoin price rallied after U.S. exchange  CBOE launched regulated bitcoin futures contracts  on Sunday, but the most prominent cryptocurrency ’s performance was a bit more tepid during the first full day of trading. After briefly rising above $17,500, the bitcoin price settled down to a present value of $16,906. This represents a daily increase of one percent and translates into a $283 billion market cap. January futures, meanwhile, were priced at $17,730 at the time of writing.  Bitcoin Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Notably, bitcoin futures trading currently represents little more than a blip in the market. While CBOE ’s $50 million in first-day volume was respectable for a nascent asset class, it pales in comparison to the $12 billion in trades that bitcoin exchanges processed during the same period.  Ethereum Price Leaps to $550  Although ethereum has been in a sustained uptrend throughout the year, it has been unable to match bitcoin ’s gains during the fourth quarter. Consequently, it has gradually lost market share, and at one point its corner of the market dropped below 10 percent.  Ethereum Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Tuesday brought investors a welcome change. The ethereum price leaped by 16 percent, punching through the $500 barrier and briefly extending as high as $553  — a new record  — before ebbing back to a present value of $540. Ethereum now has a market cap of $52.1 billion, raising its market share to 11 percent.  Litecoin Price Headlines $20 Billion Altcoin Rally  More than three-quarters of the top 100 cryptocurrencies rose against the dollar on Tuesday, including every coin and token within the top 10. Many of these gains constituted double-digit percentage increases, which was all the more impressive considering that bitcoin only rose one percent.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The bitcoin cash price rose nearly seven percent, bringing the third-largest cryptocurrency back close to the $1,500 mark, but its performance was eclipsed by the new fourth-largest cryptocurrency: litecoin.  Just days ago, litecoin was trading in the bottom half of the top 10, but it has assembled a  breathtaking rally  since the weekend. In the past day alone, the litecoin price has soared more than 58 percent to a new all-time high of $260. Litecoin now has a market cap of $14.1 billion, placing it ahead of both IOTA and ripple in the rankings.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Despite losing a spot in the rankings, IOTA did post a double-digit percentage increase for the day, rising more than 13 percent to $4.90. Ripple, meanwhile, increased 11 percent to $0.275. The dash price climbed by 10 percent, bringing it within striking distance of $800, and monero posted a similar movement to bring its price near $300. Next to litecoin, the NEM price returned the best performance of any top 10 coin or token, leaping by 27 percent to $0.546. Bitcoin gold, however, rounded out the top 10 with an increase of just two percent.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Hong Kong Regulator Warns Investors of Unregulated Bitcoin Futures Twitter  Hong Kong’s securities regulator has published a new circular centered on bitcoin futures contracts and cryptocurrency-related investment products.  Published yesterday, the  circular  from Hong Kong’s Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) quickly reminded providers of bitcoin futures contracts and other crypto-investment products to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. The timing of the circular is no coincidence, on a day when Chicago-based CBOE  began trading  its futures contract after its launch on Sunday.  “Bitcoin Futures have been or will soon be launched by certain well-established futures and commodities exchanges in the United States which are regulated by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission and authorised by the Securities and Futures Commission (“ SFC ”) to provide automated trading services,” the Hong Kong regulator wrote.  Notably, the regulator added:  Hong Kong investors may be able to trade in Bitcoin Futures through an intermediary which is a member of these exchanges.  Any parties or intermediaries providing services related to Bitcoin Futures are required to “have an appropriate license with the SFC…irrespective of whether the party is located in Hong Kong, so long as its business activities target the Hong Kong public.”  The regulator also moved to classify any operation dealing with bitcoin futures contracts as a “Type 2” regulated activity under SFO (Securities and Futures Ordinance) laws. Marketing a bitcoin futures contracts will constitute a “Type 1” (dealing in securities) regulated activity and managing any cryptocurrency-related investment fund is to be deemed a “Type 9” (asset manageme nt) regulated activity.  The regulator also put the spotlight on “some unregulated cryptocurrency exchanges” that are already offering crypto-related futures contracts and investment products to the Hong Kong public. While it would be illegal for some unregulated exchanges to offer these services without a license from the SFC, the regulator cautioned investors of other exchanges operating outside its  jurisdiction.  The regulator went on to warn investors about risks involved, stating:  The SFC reminds investors that trading cryptocurrencies may expose them to risks including insufficient liquidity, high price volatility and potential market manipulation… Investors may be exposed to substantial risks and significant financial losses in trading cryptocurrency futures contracts and other cryptocurrency-related investment products (eg options, swaps and contracts  for differences), especially on unregulated exchanges.  The Hong Kong regulator’s cryptocurrency-centric circular comes a week ahead of  the launch  of bitcoin futures contracts offered by the CME Group, the world’s largest derivatives exchange.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   EBay ‘Seriously Considering’ Adding Bitcoin Payments Twitter  EBay, one of the world’s largest e-commerce platforms, is considering making the leap into cryptocurrency payments, according to a high-ranking company executive.  EBay ‘Seriously Considering’ Adding Bitcoin Payments  Scott Cutler, senior vice president of eBay Americas, told  Yahoo Finance  that the e-commerce giant is holding serious discussions about becoming the highest-profile company to accept cryptocurrency payments.  “This is a trend that everybody is talking about, but sadly, at eBay, we don’t currently accept bitcoin as a form of payment, Cutler said. “We’re seriously considering it as these cryptocurrencies become more of a mainstream” payment instrument, but “we’re not quite there yet.”  Cutler added that the website serves as a popular secondary market for cryptocurrency mining hardware, and third-party sellers have listed thousands of other cryptocurrency-related collectibles.  Cryptocurrency Enters Main Street  Although it does not appear that eBay currently has any concrete plans to adopt cryptocurrency payments, the fact that the company is holding high-level discussions on the matter is the latest testament to how quickly bitcoin has permeated the mainstream.  Last week, bitcoin brokerage app Coinbase briefly became the  top app in the Apple Store , signaling that retail investors were onboarding into the bitcoin ecosystem at a breakneck pace  — a pace so rapid that Coinbase has suffered persistent outages due to record traffic.  This week, the first bitcoin futures contracts launched on U.S. exchange  CBOE , and CME  — the world’s largest derivatives exchange  — will begin trading bitcoin futures next week. Though primarily targeted at Wall Street, futures are expected to lead to the creation of the first  Bitcoin ETF , a retail investor-friendly investment vehicle that can be easily held in brokerage and retirement accounts.  The next watershed moment will be when cryptocurrency becomes so ubiquitous that businesses commonly accept it as payment for goods or services.  Prominent retailers such as  Overstock  and  Newegg  have accepted bitcoin for years, but none of retail’s white whales  — a group that includes eBay, Amazon, and Alibaba  — has formally adopted cryptocurrency payments. Earlier this year, CCN  debunked a rumor  that Amazon was planning to accept bitcoin. Recently, Alibaba co-founder Jack Ma stated that bitcoin was “ not for me ,” indicating that the Chinese conglomerate is not likely to adopt a currency that operates without government backing.  Some retailers, including  video game distribution platform Steam , have actually stopped accepting bitcoin payments in recent months, citing increasing transaction fees that have accompanied bitcoin ’s meteoric rise. However, bitcoin remains an option for big-ticket items, and altcoins such as ethereum, bitcoin cash, and litecoin are practical options for small-value transactions.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Hits All-Time High as Futures See Second-Day Slump in Volume  Twitter  The bitcoin price achieved a new all-time high on Tuesday, even as CBOE processed lower volumes of bitcoin futures during the second full day of trading.  Bitcoin Price Hits New All-Time High  Tuesday was a record-setting day for the cryptocurrency markets. Both litecoin and ethereum  exploded to new all-time highs , and the total cryptocurrency market cap raced to within $10 billion of the $500 billion mark.  The bitcoin price, meanwhile, remained relatively calm during the early morning hours, but it began to break out in the early afternoon. On Bitfinex, the bitcoin price broke through $17,500 to set a new all-time high, while its global average rose to within a few hundred dollars of the all-time high it set during last Friday ’s trading frenzy. This rally constituted a single-day increase of approximately five percent, and it raised bitcoin ’s market cap to $293 billion.  Source: BitcoinWisdom/Bitfinex  Bitfinex continued to lead in trading volume, even as it tailed the rally. Notably, LTC/BTC accounted for five of bitcoin ’s 10 highest-volume trading pairs, a byproduct of litecoin ’s  early-week melt-up  that carried the fourth-largest cryptocurrency above $400 on at least one exchange.  Source: CoinMarketCap  CBOE Futures Post Lower Second-Day Volumes  But even as bitcoin volume surged past $14 billion, bitcoin futures saw a significant decline in activity during their second full day of trading on regulated U.S. exchange CBOE. During the first full day of trading, CBOE processed more than $50 million worth of contracts. However, as of 1 p.m. ET on Tuesday, the exchange had processed fewer than 1,000 contracts  — worth approximately $17 million  — for its XBT/F8, its most-traded bitcoin product.  Source: CNBC  Futures prices continued to signal that traders believe the bitcoin price will increase heading into the new year but will slow down its rally considerably. At the time of writing, January futures were priced at $18,350, while February and March contracts traded close to $19,000.  However, a breaking story could cause both the spot and futures prices to soar even higher. An eBay executive told  Yahoo Finance  that the tech giant is  “seriously considering ” accepting bitcoin payments. Although he stressed that the company is  “not quite there yet, ” the fact that an e-commerce platform as ubiquitous as eBay is considering integrating cryptocurrency payments signals that the blockchain industry is rapidly permeating the mainstream.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
INCREASE	   CBOE Bitcoin Futures Trade Near $18,000;  ‘Speculative Mania ’ Carries Volume Past 3,400 XBT Twitter  CBOE ’s bitcoin futures continue to trade near $18,000 as  “speculative mania ” prevented bears from immediately shorting the market.  CBOE Bitcoin Futures Launch: Afternoon Update  As CCN  reported , CBOE launched its hotly-anticipated bitcoin futures contracts on Sunday, becoming the first regulated U.S. exchange to provide traders and investors with access to this product. Though volume was much lower than activity on bitcoin exchanges  — in part due to the fact that  many brokers restricted client access   — a CBOE executive noted that its volume was quite respectable when placed in the context of other nascent futures products.   On the first day of trading at  @Cboe  in 1973 911 options traded. First day of  $VIX  futures in 2004 saw 461 contracts traded. 3 hours into the first  #bitcoin  futures session and volume is just over 1000 contracts.  — Russell Rhoads (@RussellRhoads)  December 11, 2017   The launch was not without its hiccups. Bitcoin ’s rapid price swings flipped CBOE ’s  “circuit breaker ” on several occasions, bringing temporary pauses to trading after reaching certain percentage checkpoints. Additionally, there was so much interest in the futures that the CBOE website crashed, but this outage did not directly affect trading.  Bitcoin Futures Trade Up Post-Launch  Although some bitcoin bears had loudly declared that the creation of futures would cause the bitcoin price to crash, the flagship cryptocurrency traded up during its first day on CBOE.  At the time of writing, GXBT  — the index price for the futures contracts  — was listed at $16,522, placing it $276 below its daily high. Volume had already surpassed 3,550 XBT, with most of that activity concentrated in XBT/F8, a contract with a January 17 settlement date. The January futures traded as high as $18,850 on Monday morning, but they were priced at $17,710 at the time of writing, representing approximately $1,200 worth of upside from the index ’s present value.  Source: CNBC  February (XBT/G8) and March (XBT/H8) futures saw considerably less volume, but each of those products traded above $19,000 before settling down to present values of about $18,000.  Source: CBOE  Commenting on the initial price movements, billionaire hedge fund manager Mike Novogratz stated that it gave him the impression that, despite bitcoin ’s meteoric year-to-date increase, the rally was still in its early stages.  “The market trades like it wants to go up, not down,” Novogratz, founder of crypto hedge fund Galaxy Investment Partners, told  Bloomberg . “We are in a speculative mania and my sense is we are still fairly early.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   UK Government Urged to Look at Blockchain Tech for Identity Services Twitter  Blockchain technology could be used to improve the U.K. government ’s efforts to provide citizens greater control over how their information is shared with public services, says the Reform think tank.  A report by Reform, The Future of Public Service Identity: Blockchain [ PDF ], states that the government requires a new approach, adding that it should be:  One which is secure, efficient and puts the individual at the centre of identity management. Blockchain offers this.  Reform say that the government has already attempted to improve identity management through GOV.UK Verify, which is a scheme where an individual chooses one authorised company to verify their identity to access public services. However, Reform claim that there are limits to this approach, one of which is that control of personal data still sits with the government.  The report adds:  Uptake of Verify has been slow and departments such as HMRC continue to use their own identity model. This is because Verify provides limited information for certain transactions – meaning that departments need to request and check additional data.  The use of the distributed ledger, though, would be an improvement as it would mean that  ‘control of public service identity can be moved from government to the individual. ’ The addition of the blockchain could be built across several departments, acting as a thin layer on top of current databases, Reform writes.  This layer would enable citizens to view their data, via an identity app on their smartphone, and grant government access to it.  The use of biometrics to add another layer of security and improve efficiency would also be put into place. Reform cites Estonia ’s measures to use the blockchain for identity management, enabling control to be handed back to the citizen. The report states:  Citizens have a unique identifier, akin to an NHS number, allowing them to access their health records and review requests by third parties to access their data, meaning that their privacy is ensured.  Through this method security is maintained and is safer than centralised databases, Reform adds. Not only that, but its heightened security means that hacking it would be impossible, thus reducing the risk of identity fraud.  For this to take place, however, Reform state that it requires a  ‘radical shift in the role of government, ’ as it would move from providing data storage to verifying identity. Yet, by doing so, it means that a person is back in control of their identity and who they share it with.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Decentralized Cloud Computing-IExec Announces Software Development Kit Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Cloud computing is not being implemented around the world in its’ true spirit. What we call cloud computing is actually big servers working day and night with just data under a cloud protocol. The real essence of cloud computing is to provide a decentralized network of computers around the world with remote users being able to leverage their resources or pay for them as part of  the network.  Blockchain and decentralization has a big role to play in the implementation of this P2P computing services provision in a cloud network. This is why many decentralized tech startups are aiming to make use of the incredible power of the blockchain involving decentralization and the ability to anonymously connect remote computers in a single network that is not controlled by any one.   iExec  is a new cloud computing marketplace that is one the latest startups to dream of a fully decentralized cloud computing network and cash on it. The platform has recently released its first Software Development Kit (SDK) during Devcon3 in Mexico.  The purpose of the new software development tool is to provide cloud computing services to blockchain-based applications in an afford able and scalable way. Other important developments from the  iExec team  include the development of a new app store for the decentralized blockchain-based apps, new partnerships and a new research program.   The SDK is seen as an important milestone of the new company’s eventual goal of developing a fully decentralized cloud economy and see it grow. It wants to develop a new platform that will ensure unlimited cloud computing power for decentralized applications at a very affordable rate.   But how do we continuously assure that the price of the cloud services remain affordable? We use the invisible power of the free market.   The free market and its competition can make prices fair for all especially in this industry where everyone with a PC will eventually have the ability to leverage their processing capability.  iExec  is developing a new decentralized marketplace for all types of cloud resources. These resources include cloud servers, storage, applications and data sets.   The company is aiming to overcome the challenges of blockchain and its limited storage and computing capabilities with the help of the SDK release. Now users can develop and deploy complex applications directly from the blockchain. This new approach is called “off-chain execution” and allows the developers to broaden and empower the application usage of the Ethereum blockchain  which is not exactly designed for this level of scalability.   The native token of the new platform is called the RLC token and its current market cap is $41 million and the price of each RLC token is $0.52. Developers can now earn RLC tokens by working with the SDK platform and renting their applications on the blockchain.   Learn more about iExec here  –   https://iex.ec/  
INCREASE	   VR Is About to Go Mainstream  – Thanks to Gaze Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  In an increasingly experience-hungry world, Virtual Reality (VR) has long been touted as the next big way for brands and consumers to connect. But creating VR worlds isn’t cheap  – and without a way to commercialize them through advertising, that potential has remained unfulfilled.  Until now.   Because the team at VR/AR monetization platform  Gaze  have not only come up with a new  approach to commercializing experiential content in VR worlds  – they’ve also built the platform to bring it to life. And now they’re offering the world the opportunity to invest in the company through their Token Sale  – the kind of opportunity usually only afforded to Silicon Valley-based VCs.  VR needs a new monetization model  Directly monetizing VR is fairly limited  – it’s mostly about the initial hardware purchase, and then the media/ application kinds of purchases. While there are a few micro-transaction streams available  – for example Decentraland, they’re very limited.  In contrast, the internet garners the bulk of advertising spend, thanks to commercialization models that were developed and continued to evolve to suit the medium. Efforts to commercialize VR via advertising have tended to use these same models, albeit with limited success. Mere impressions don’t accurately reflect multiple brands’ contributions; the inability to find an effect ive means of processing micropayments has made it difficult to pay users for consuming content.   But as attention turns from traditional screens to VR and AR, brands are actively seeking ways of being present in these worlds.  How Gaze monetizes VR  Imagine putting on your VR headset and attending a concert put on by your favourite band. Remember you’re still on your sofa  – it’s just that you’re experiencing the concert in a more immersive way through your VR headset.  After you’ve been at the concert for a certain length of time, you’d be considered to be “immersed” in it. What Gaze does is use its proprietary tech called “Gaze Control” to track where you’re looking, and for how long, so it can determine whether you’re immersed in content (like the gig) and for how long.   And then the monetization opportunities kick in: if you can measure content immersion  – basically, user attention  – then you can charge brands for access to it. So imagine that a music streaming service is sponsoring the gig (there’s no reason you can’t sponsor a VR gig just like a real-world gig). Gaze Control measures and tracks the volume of user attention that the band attracted. The sponsor gets this information and pays the band based on the volume of Gaze. Payments aren’t made in ca sh  – they’re paid in Gaze Coin, which is the platform’s cryptocurrency (more of which below).   It’s a win-win setup: sponsors get trackable, metrics-driven results for content consumption; content creators are rewarded for creating attention-grabbing content.  Not a music fan? Imagine you’re in the market for a new pair of shoes. Rather than battle the crowds in order to get the full experience of buying from your favourite store, you put on your VR headset and head to the virtual mall.   At the virtual mall, you enter your favourite retailer’s virtual store, complete with music and sales assistants to help you. You see hundreds of pairs of shoes on offer, and browse until you find a pair you love. Gaze Control means the retailer has data on what you’ve looked at, and can charge brands accordingly for the user attention they have received.   And if the content creator  – in this case, the shoe brand  – is really innovative, they may even pay you a small amount of Gaze Coin for interacting with their brand and products.   The tech behind Gaze   In a nutshell, Gaze Control is an API that enables the company to monitor and track how long a user engages with or consumes a piece of paid content or media  – whether by looking at or interacting with it.   That data enables companies to pay multiple parties for their contribution towards engaging user attention. For example, a retailer might charge brands for “advertising space” in their virtual store, as well as rewarding VIP customers. Using the same data, brands may also choose to reward their most valuable customers  – perhaps using different criteria than the retailer  – for content consumption or interaction.  Managing a potentially very high volume of very small payments is uneconomical with fiat. But cryptocurrencies, developed with micropayments in mind, are both a fast and economical solution.   In the Gaze universe, the GZE token is the cryptocurrency of choice. An Ethereum-backed token built to be E20 compliant, it can be stored in the vast majority of Ethereum wallets currently available.   What you need to know about joining the ICO   First of all, the Gaze team are a strong, experienced group of people  – not something that many projects can boast, or that many investors consider.    CEO  & founder Johnny Peters has led ground-breaking entertainment and tech projects at BSkyB, KGrind and Bravo. CTO Bok Khoo is a leading Ethereum ecosystem developer who’s also gained serious experience across Financial Services in both APAC and Europe. Landon Curry is VR Technical Team Director, ad the man who was behind the eBay’s first VR department store, as well as Red Bull’s  first VR racing simulator.  The advisory board includes Jeremy Lam, Product Lead at OmiseGO; founder of Bitcoin and cryptocurrency trading platform BTC.sx (now Magnr), George Samman; and Travis Rice, well-known VR industry advisor and co-founder global VR company The LENS Group.  The Gaze team want to raise a minimum of US$2 million, with an ideal target of $12 million. The ICO is hard capped  at US$35 million  – meaning if this amount is raised, the sale will end immediately.  When the ICO launches on 10 December 2017, 1 GZE is set to be worth approximately 0.35 ETH, the token used to store and transfer value on the Ethereum platform. The ICO is set to run for 7 days, and offer 70% of the total pool of tokens.  The remaining 30% of tokens will be distributed amongst the Gaze team  – advisors (5%), employees (10%), contractors (5%); and a 10% reserve or the user growth pool.  It’s worth noting that this is a relatively high level of token retention amongst the people running Gaze  – which is generally a good sign. It means that the people running the company day-to-day have a big financial stake in making it a success.  To find out more about the full tech stack and market opportunities, check out Gaze’s  white paper   – available here in English, and here in a variety of other languages.   
INCREASE	   Insider Knowledge to Crack the Ticketing Industry Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Followers of entertainment tech news will likely have heard of the successful ICO currently underway for GUTS.tickets, a platform that seeks to bring ticketing for concerts and gigs into the 21st century by eliminating the predatory reseller market with Blockchain technology. Their platform will work with performers to release the tickets on the platform, which will control how  much they can be resold for and ensure the ticket is 100 percent authentic and unique.  There was more news today from the company with their announcement of a partnership with Chris Payne, agent with International Talent Booking (one of the most high-profile performance booking agencies in the world). Payne joins the  GUTS  team as a senior advisor.  Industry experience  GUTS will look to leverage Payne’s experience in the sector to refine the platform functionality and also increase their reach with future participating performers. In the nascent Blockchain industry it is often said that too many projects lack feasible real-world targets, so someone with Payne’s clout should bring a lot to the table.  “Payne has spent years observing one of the most powerful and pervasive sectors within the music industry. His goal is to bring GUTS technology to events worldwide, and show artists and promoters how to take back control of the ticketing process.”  A comprehensive platform   GUTS have designed their platform that forms “a Blockchain based event ticketing protocol used by ticketing and booking companies that will make exorbitant secondary market ticket prices and ticket fraud occurrences of the past. The protocol will offer these features while providing absolute transparency for all actors involved.”  The whole thrust of the GUTS project is to shine a light into the dark corners of the entertainment issue by leveraging the security and transparency of decentralized ledger and Blockchains  – ensuring oversight during the whole lifetime of the ticket.  This may seem like a trivial problem to solve, but in context you start to realize the value a small change like this could bring. As explained by the GUTS team in their whitepaper:  “Thirty percent of all tickets are resold with markups between 30 percent and 700 percent. The ticket market is non-transparent, and inexplicable transaction costs added to tickets are common practice among ticketing companies… Professional resellers create unnecessary scarcity in the ticket-acquisition process, creating confusion about the price and availability of tickets. Th eir intrusion into the process imposes a burden on fans and threatens artists’ revenue from live performances: events which are becoming increasingly crucial to artists’ success. Instances of ticket fraud compound these problems, as many fans are denied access to events because they were sold an invalid, fake, or already scanned ticket.”  The GUTS platform token, GET, was launched two weeks ago and the ICO has reached stage two of the crowdsale.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin seen at $50000 in 2018 as volatility persists Twitter  Crypto-currency experts are punting bitcoin prices to reach $50 000 in 2018, betting on the price volatility to sustain interest and value in the emerging asset amid a rush to offer bitcoin futures by brokers across the world.  Arthur Hayes, the chief executive officer and co-founder of BitMEX said in an interview with Bloomberg this week  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/audio/2017-12-05/bitcoin-could-rise-to-50-000-in-2018  that bitcoin price volatility was a positive attraction for the crypto currency.  “The volatility in my view is a positive because it generates news, it gets more people involved and the more volatile it is the valuable,” said Hayes.  Global Bitcoin prices on Thursday whizzed past the $16000 mark while in Zimbabwe the crypto-currency was trading at a price of about $26000 owing to a liquidity and forex crunch in the southern African country.  Some brokers have been lining up Bitcoin futures as the attractiveness of crypto-currency as an emerging asset class gains momentum. However, South Korea’s primary financial regulator and watchdog has securities firms from launching bitcoin futures contracts.  Hayes said Bitcoin futures traders would be “fully hedged” as prices continue to rise although he cautioned that any asset class that “has gone 12x in one year could possibly be very dangerous” owing to speculation.  “It is actually speculative. Anyone who claims this is not risky is fooling themselves. You have an asset that has gone from nothing to close to $200 billion in under 10 years. I would caution anyone getting into this asset to not put any more money than you can afford to lose,” said Hayes.  He said brokers punting Bitcoin futures were merely keen “to make fees” as Bitcoin is the “only asset class that has volatility”.  “Any asset class that has volatility in excess of 10 to 20 percent a day is something that has to be traded. I think in 2018 bitcoin will go up another 5x and my target is $50 000 for bitcoin.”  As the current bubble in Bitcoin prices continues, concerns have emerged over money laundering and regulation of trade but Hayes is not too worried about this. He says Bitcoin transactions are already heavily regulated and cites Know Your Customer requirements by Bitcoin exchanges.  ETX senior analyst, Neil Wilson, told Business Insider that the Bitcoin price action continues to be “exceptional and something that is without any parallels”. He was not sure when this bubbler will collapse  http://uk.businessinsider.com/bitcoin-price-tops-15000-on-december-7-2017-12  “The Traditional banking laws are already in effect when you want to get into the system. (On Money laundering) no I am not worried because you are already self-certifying yourself with the exchange in terms of the source of funds and identification so similar to opening a bank account you go through the same process when opening a bitcoin account,” said Hayes.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Brokerage Coinbase Becomes Apple Store ’s Top App, Surpassing YouTube Twitter  Coinbase, the global cryptocurrency industry’s largest brokerage and wallet platform valued at over $1.6 billion, has become the Apple app store’s top app, surpassing YouTube, Facebook, and Instagram.  Finance and bitcoin journalist Paul Vigna revealed:   Here are your top 10 apps in Apple 's App Store right now:  10 Amazon 9 Bitmoji 8 Google Maps 7 Snapchat 6 Facebook 5 Gmail 4 Instagram 3 Messenger 2 YouTube 1 Coinbase  That 's a little surreal.  #bitcoin  — Paul Vigna (@paulvigna)  December 8, 2017   Coinbase Struggling to Address Rapid User Growth  Earlier today, on December 8, the Coinbase team stated that the platform has been experiencing record high traffic, causing delays in logins and other on-site activities.  “We are currently experiencing record high traffic. This is resulting in some customers having slow performance or issues logging into their Coinbase accounts. We are actively working to resolve this as quickly as possible,”  the Coinbase team wrote.  As the leading bitcoin brokerage and wallet platform with more than 14 million users, Coinbase has evolved into the go-to platform for newcomers and casual investors in the US. The user base of Coinbase along with other major exchanges often peak amidst strong bitcoin rallies.   Most recently, the bitcoin price surpassed $17,500, achieving a historic all-time high. Subsequently, the Coinbase trading platform experienced an abrupt surge in user activity and user growth.   On its peak days, Coinbase had previously added hundreds of thousands of users within a 24-hour span. On November 2 and November 7 for instance, Coinbase recorded over 100,000 new users, adding more than a million users in the month of November alone, according to data provided by Atlanta Digital Currency Fund partner Alistair Milne.   Future of Coinbase  On August 11, Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong announced that the company had secured $100 million through its Series D funding round led by IVP. At the time, Armstrong stated that a significant part of the capital and resources obtained in the latest funding round, which increased the market valuation of the company to $1.6 billion, in addressing the rapid user growth of Coinbase and GDAX.  “Coinbase experienced unprecedented growth over the last year, and we have now exchanged over $25 billion USD of digital currency for our customers. We’ll be using this new funding to continue scaling even further. Specifically, we will: Increase the size of our engineering and customer support teams to improve the customer experience. Open a GDAX office in New York City, further investing in our ability to serve institutions and professional traders,”  wrote Armstrong.  If Coinbase successfully sustains the exponential growth rate of its user base in the mid to long-term, and the company grows proportional to the rapidly evolving bitcoin market, it will also need to provide customer services that are on par with leading institutions in the finance industry, such as Paypal and Visa.  South Korea’s major exchanges such as Bithumb and Korbit have operated 24/7 live phone lines and walk-in counters over the past 12 months. The direct customer service approach of the two South Korean exchanges led to a spike in demand for bitcoin from the traditional finance industry.  As a leading app on the Apple app store, and the most widely utilized platform within the global cryptocurrency market, the company will continue to implement solutions to address the platform’s scalability issues, to become the most popular platform and application across major industries.  
INCREASE	   Ripple Price Leaps 13% After Company Escrows 55 Billion XRP Twitter  The ripple price received a 13 percent bump after the fintech startup revealed that it had put its 55 billion XRP tokens into escrow.  Ripple Price Rallies 13 Percent  The ripple price had spent the majority of the week in decline, falling from $0.254 on December 1 to $0.222 this morning. However, shortly before 1:00 UTC, the ripple price shot up as high as $0.272 before leveling off to a present value of $0.250  — a 12-hour gain of nearly 13 percent.  XRP Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Ripple ’s daily trading volume swelled to nearly $700 million, with nearly half of that concentrated on the South Korean exchanges of Bithumb, Coinone, and Korbit.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Ripple Escrows 55 Billion XRP  The apparent justification for the upswing is the announcement that Ripple  — the fintech startup behind XRP  — had officially placed 55 billion of its estimated 61.8 billion XRP into escrow. Each month, 1 billion tokens will be unlocked for Ripple ’s use, and any unused tokens will be placed back into escrow.  This development eliminated the threat that Ripple could flood the market with XRP, effectively crashing the price. Though highly unlikely, this scenario was possible since Ripple holds almost twice as many XRP than are currently in circulation. Now, XRP investors know with certainty the rate at which new tokens will enter the market, enabling them to better establish a fair va lue price for the token.  “By securing the lion’s share of XRP in escrow, people can now mathematically verify the maximum supply that can enter the market. While Ripple has proved to be a responsible steward of XRP supply for almost five years – and has clearly demonstrated a tremendous track record of investing in and supporting the XRP ecosystem – this lockup eliminates any concern that Ripple could  flood the market, which we’ve pointed out before is a scenario that would be bad for Ripple!, ” the company  wrote on its blog .  Ripple had announced its intention to escrow these tokens months ago, so the news had already been somewhat priced in. Nevertheless, the escrow ’s execution provided the ripple price with another bump, enabling the fourth-largest cryptocurrency ’s market cap to rise to $9.7 billion.  
INCREASE	   SEC Commissioner Defends Bitcoin Expert Against Union Director’s Verbal Assault Twitter  A regulator at the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rebuked a top union official for denigrating a bitcoin expert at a recent public meeting.  This eyebrow-raising event occurred earlier this week, when SEC Commissioner Michael Piwowar scolded Damon Silvers, the AFL-CIO’s policy director, for his aggressive posture in a recent meeting of the SEC’s Investor Advisory Committee.  “This committee is not a Hyde Park soapbox for demagoguery and tub thumping,” Piwowar stated at the committee ’s December meeting in a thinly-veiled allusion to Silvers’ conduct. “Nor is it an inquisitorial star chamber.”  The rebuke hearkened back to the committee’s October session when Silvers  — head of the most powerful trade union federation in the U.S.  — railed against bitcoin and directed sharp criticisms toward at least one panelist who was representing the blockchain industry.  “At the October meeting, Mr. Silvers scolded a committee witness, Adam Ludwin, who spoke about bitcoin and blockchain technology. Mr. Silvers said the bitcoin market has become a speculative bubble and demanded to know why the cryptocurrency is not considered an investment contract that the SEC regulates,” according to a  report from The Wall Street Journal’s Dave Michaels .  Ludwin is the chief executive officer of  Chain , an enterprise blockchain development firm based out of San Francisco. He is an outspoken proponent of the cryptocurrency asset class, and his “ Letter to Jamie Dimon ” was widely-hailed within the community for its nuanced analysis of the industry and its future.  Ludwin, along with other panelists, had been invited to discuss blockchain technology and its potential impacts on the securities industry.  “I don’t want to hear marketing language,” Silvers said in response to Ludwin’s statement. “I am deeply, deeply frustrated with a conversation that seems to evade the law. … I am not interested in the slightest in parables or technical jargon. I am interested in law, and you have not said a single thing that is legally relevant.”  Despite this claim, however,  Bloomberg reports  that  — during the same meeting  — Silvers also repeatedly cut off panelist Nancy Liao, the executive director of the Yale Law School Center for the Study of Corporate Law.  One should avoid reading too much into the incident because Republicans and union officials rarely see eye-to-eye. Consequently, it would not be surprising if Silvers and Piwowar have had spats before.  Nevertheless, it ’s a testament to the emergence of the cryptocurrency industry that, over time, the sort of posture exhibited by Silvers in response to information about bitcoin and blockchain technology, is gradually becoming the exception  — not the rule.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Market Cap Briefly Surpasses That of JPMorgan, World’s Largest Bank Twitter  Bitcoin’s market valuation briefly surpassed that of JPMorgan, the world’s largest bank, earlier today, on December 8.  Bitcoin Market Cap Briefly Surpasses That of JPMorgan, Based on South Korea’s Trading Price  George Kikvadze, a highly regarded bitcoin investor and the vice chairman at major bitcoin mining firm Bitfury,  revealed  that the market cap of JPMorgan at $363 billion was surpassed by bitcoin, based on its price in South Korea.  As  CCN reported yesterday , the South Korean bitcoin exchange market often demonstrates premiums that are significantly higher than other major regions such as the US and Japan. As such, the price difference between the global average price of bitcoin and the trading value within the South Korean market can reach up to 20 to 25 percent.  Today, the price of bitcoin surpassed $22,500 in South Korea, as the global average price of bitcoin peaked at around $17,500. A $22,500 price placed the market valuation of bitcoin at $376 billion, $3 billion higher than that of JPMorgan.  For the global bitcoin price to achieve $22,500, it may take several weeks after the listing of bitcoin futures by the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) and CME Group on December 10 and December 18, respectively.   But, given that the market valuation of bitcoin according to bitcoin’s’ trading value in the South Korean market briefly surpassed the market cap of JPMorgan, the market valuation of bitcoin based on its global average price will likely surpass that of JPMorgan in the short-term, possibly by the year’s end.  What’s Next?  Earlier today,  CCN reported  that Goldman Sachs, the second largest investment bank in the global finance industry behind JPMorgan, will trade bitcoin futures on behalf of its clients upon the launch of the bitcoin futures exchanges of CBOE and CME.   As an increasing number of leading financial institutions, hedge funds, and institutional investors continue to adopt bitcoin in the upcoming months, the price and the market valuation of bitcoin will rapidly surge, especially if tens of billions of dollars in institutional money flow into the bitcoin market, as explained by Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong.   In the long-term, the bitcoin market will be able to compete against gold and the offshore banking industry, which amount to approximately $40 to $50 trillion. As Ari Paul, the co-founder at BlockTower stated, bank executives like JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon understand the massive potential and disruptive nature of bitcoin within the traditional finance sector, specifically in the  offshore banking industry.  Bitcoin can process payments and provide a better store of value that are in orders of magnitude superior to the products and services offered by banks, like JPMorgan. Paul explained that it is for that precise reason Dimon had condemned bitcoin in the past, as he considers bitcoin as a competition against JPMorgan and the traditional finance industry.  If bitcoin evolves into a widely recognized and accepted store of value, and successfully penetrates into the markets of gold and offshore banking, the market cap of bitcoin can reach tens of trillions of dollars, in the long-term. As leading electronics retailer Overstock CEO Patrick Byrne  said:  “We have all these currencies since Bretton Woods, fluctuating against each other, and maybe the dollar hasn’t gone to zero against these currencies but all of them have gone down 95%  … versus something that they can’t control like … gold and bitcoin. So bitcoin may be on its way to a million for all we know.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
INCREASE	   Goldman Sachs Will Trade Bitcoin Futures For Clients Twitter  Goldman Sachs, the global finance market’s second largest investment bank behind JPMorgan, will begin trading bitcoin futures for its clients, once major exchanges list bitcoin futures in the upcoming weeks.  According to Bloomberg , a source familiar with the company’s bitcoin futures trading plan stated that in the short-term, bitcoin future trades made by Goldman Sachs on behalf of its clients will be processed on a case-by-case basis.   In a statement, Goldman Sachs spokeswoman Tiffany Galvin said:  “Given that this is a new product, as expected we are evaluating the specifications and risk attributes for the bitcoin futures contracts as part of our standard due diligence process.”  Goldman Sachs CEO Enthusiastic  Lloyd Blankfein, the Goldman Sachs chairman and CEO since 2006, said “if bitcoin works, we’ll get to it.” Last month, in an interview with Kayla Tausche from CNBC, Blankfein noted that he is open minded towards bitcoin, because many assets and technologies he viewed as “stupid and wrong” turned out to perform and work well.  Blankfein stated:  “I have an open mind about these things [bitcoin and cryptocurrencies] because there are a lot of things that work really really well today that I thought was stupid and wrong. I have a much more open mind about this and I know a lot of history of finance and I pointed out that there was a time wherein people only took gold coins.”  More importantly, Blankfein emphasized that the abrupt shift from the gold standard to the fiat currency system was rejected and failed to be adopted in the beginning. If bitcoin is a natural progression from hard money to digital money, Blankfein explained that bitcoin holds the potential to become the next gold and reserve currency of the world.  “A five dollar gold coin was worth five dollars because it had five dollars worth of gold in it. Then they issue paper money that is backed by gold in the treasury. Then one day, they issue paper money that does not have the backing of gold. There was no pledge that if you turn it in, I’ll give you five dollars of gold. It is fiat money. I say this piece of paper is worth five  dollars and so therefore it is five dollars and a lot of people did not take that for a long time. But, now they do without question. You move a little bit further and you get bitcoin that is not a fiat currency so I don’t trust, it and I don’t like it. On the other hand, if it works, I say maybe it was a natural progression from hard money to digital money, explained Blankfein .  CBOE’s Bitcoin Futures Launch on December 10  The bitcoin futures exchange of the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), is set to launch on December 10, merely two days from today. Large-scale investment banks and hedge funds such as Goldman Sachs and Man Group plan to invest in the cryptocurrency upon the launch of CBOE and CME’s bitcoin futures exchanges, given that those two markets are expected to significantly increa se the liquidity of bitcoin.  Goldman Sachs and its clients will likely utilize CBOE and CME bitcoin futures trading platforms to invest in bitcoin by mid-December.  With Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan optimistic in regards to the growth of bitcoin as the new gold and robust store of value, other major banks and financial institutions will inevitably follow.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Court Sentences Detroit Man For Trading Bitcoin Without Proper License Twitter  A federal court has sentenced a Detroit man to a year and a day in prison and three years of supervised release for trading  bitcoin  without a money service license, according to the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of Maine. The man, Sal Mansy, 41, has been sentenced along with his company, TV TOYZ LLC. Halsey Frank, a U.S Attorney, announced. Mansy pleaded guilty to the charges in May of this year.   The court ordered the defendants to forfeit close to $118,000 worth of bitcoin and cash.  The case was prosecuted in Maine since Mansy ’s company had advertised in Maine and he engaged in wire-payment transactions with Maine customers, U.S. Attorney Michael Conley told  Mainebiz.com .  $2.4 Million In Bitcoin Traded  Mansy purchased and sold around $2.4 million worth of bitcoin between August 2013 and June 2015, according to court records. Mansy funneled his transactions through TV TOYZ’s bank account. Mansy owned and operated TV TOYZ, a limited liability corporation.  Mansy failed to register his money service business with the  Financial Crimes Enforcement Network , in violation of federal law. Mansy violated Title 18 of the U.S. Code, section 1960, which outlaws transferring money as a business for others without obtaining the proper licenses.  Mansy knew he needed to register with FinCEN, the court records stated.  Agents seized a total of $118,134.57 worth of bitcoin and cash while searching Mansy ’s Detroit home in June 2015 following a year-long investigation.  The  Homeland Security  Investigation of the Portland, Me. and Detroit, Mich. offices of the U.S. Immigration  & Customs Enforcement conducted the investigation, along with the Saco Police Department.  Also read:  The White House is monitoring bitcoin: Press Secretary Sanders  Feds Crack Down  An October 2015 Congressional Research Service report said Congress is concerned about bitcoin ’s use in illegal money transfers, and about its effect on the ability of the Federal Reserve to meet its objectives (of stable prices, maximum employment, and financial stability). The report also expressed concerns about protecting consumers and investors who might use bitcoin.  Featured image from Shutterstock.     
INCREASE	   Novogratz: Governments Won’t Be Able To Muzzle Bitcoin Twitter  Bitcoin’s rising price brings the prospect of increased government scrutiny, but governments aren’t going to have an easy time regulating bitcoin, Michael Novogratz, CEO of Galaxy Investment Partners, told CNBC in a recent  “Power Lunch” interview .  Novogratz, a former hedge fund manager at Fortress Investment, is creating a $500 million fund to invest in cryptocurrencies. He said it is not likely that governments will be able to dismantle  bitcoin  should they attempt to do so.  Also read:  Novogratz: There may be a bubble in bitcoin, but bitcoin itself isn ’t a bubble  Bitcoin Could Hit $25,000  Given bitcoin’s recent gains, Novogratz said he can see the cryptocurrency price getting as high as $25,000, alarming government officials. He noted that regulators in many countries, including the U.S., are working with digital currency and find it intriguing.  Novogratz said bitcoin is in a “speculative frenzy” phase that is global.  Autonomous Next, a financial research firm, reported that at least 171 “cryptofunds” have launched, including 123 in 2017 alone.  Cboe Global Markets will launch bitcoin futures  on Sunday, while  CME ’s bitcoin futures is scheduled to launch  on Dec. 18. Such investments will bring bitcoin closer to being viewed as a legitimate asset class among the investment community.  Crypto To Find New Uses  Novogratz predicted there will be cryptocurrencies for ride sharing, cloud sharing and other uses.  Novogratz recently said that there may be a bubble in bitcoin in certain regions, but the cryptocurrency itself isn’t a bubble. He further noted there have been many bubbles in the past around innovative and revolutionary technologies such as the Internet.  The dotcom bubble, for instance, overvalued projects by significant margins, with several companies selling at billions of dollars by owning a domain or an online business.  But the Internet itself was not a bubble. It has transformed every industry in the world by revolutionizing communication and processing of information. There was a bubble around Internet, as demonstrated by the dotcom era, however the technology itself was not a bubble, a fraud, or a scam.  Bitcoin’s price has jumped 1,100%% this year, reaching $11,860 Tuesday.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   South Korean Government to Allow Institutional Investors to Participate in ICOs  Twitter  According to a report by Chosun, a leading mainstream news publication in South Korea, the South Korean government is planning to allow initial coin offerings (ICOs) in the near future, with strict regulations and policies in place.  ICO Will Not be Banned For All, Open For Institutional Investors  Chosun’s exclusive report revealed that the South Korean Ministry of Strategy and Finance, Financial Services Commission, Ministry of Justice, Fair Trade Commission, and Financial Supervisory Commission, have formed a task force that will focus on drafting various regulatory frameworks for businesses and investors in the cryptocurrency industry.  Specifically, the task force will actively investigate into the possibility of taxing bitcoin investors, imposing stricter Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) policies, and allowing institutional investors to participate in ICOs.  A spokesperson of the task force  told Chosun:  “Currently, the task force is considering imposing stricter regulations for investor and consumer protection within the cryptocurrency market.” The spokesperson added “in regards to ICOs, the government will likely impose regulations to enable institutional investors to invest in ICOs.”  But, even in the long-term the spokesperson emphasized that it is not possible to allow the public to invest in ICOs. “It is not possible to allow any citizen of South Korea to invest in ICOs. However, the government may allow institutional investors that meet capital requirements established by the Financial Supervisory Commission.  Despite the current state of the global ICO market, which is composed of many fraudulent projects and campaigns with no substance, as Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin admitted, ICO as a crowdfunding method is a phenomenal way for any startup or project to raise capital from a decentralized ecosystem on a peer-to-peer (P2P) basis.  Limiting ICOs to accredited traders and institutional investors undermines the concept and the purpose of ICOs. Hence, excessive regulations targeted at ICOs could result in startups rejecting ICOs as a viable method of crowdfunding and return to the traditional venture capital system.  South Korean Government Will Go With the Flow  Previously, the South Korean government did not intend to regulate its cryptocurrency industry, because that would lead the public to believe that the government has accepted and embraced the cryptocurrency industry as a well-regulated and legitimate market.  But, the South Korean government has changed its stance over the past few weeks, primarily due to the rapid rise in demand for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in the South Korean market. A government official told Chosun in an exclusive interview that the South Korean government will try to follow the roadmap of other governments and leading markets such as Japan and the US,  to provide a better ecosystem for both cryptocurrency businesses and investors.  “The South Korean government has no other choice but to follow the regulatory frameworks and trends established by other leading governments. While there certainly exists a negative reputation attached to the cryptocurrencies, the government’s stance is to allow what has to be allowed, for the benefit of the South Korean market. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin’s Wild Ride: a Run-Down of Thursday’s Dizzying Movements Twitter  Widespread outages. A $4,000 spread between two of the largest Western exchanges. The fastest $1,000 bitcoin price surge in history. Those were just a few of the events that bitcoin traders encountered on Thursday  — a day that proved to be one of the most frantic in recent memory.  The bitcoin price began the day on an incline, punching through $15,000 less than 24 hours after reaching $13,000. The rapidity of bitcoin’s climb triggered a  mass exodus from the altcoin markets , as traders rushed to increase their bitcoin holdings to profit from the rally.  This influx of former altcoin capital  propelled bitcoin forward  at an even brisker pace, and the flagship cryptocurrency began to soar with virtually no resistance. This was especially true on GDAX, a professional U.S. trading platform operated by Coinbase. Within a 12-hour span, the bitcoin price leaped by $5,000, and the last $1,000 took just five minutes. At 11:30, the  bitcoin price nearly pierced $20,000 , although it ultimately met resistance after peaking at $19,697.  Source: GDAX  The rally left many investors dumbstruck, but perhaps even more shocking was the fact that it was largely localized to GDAX. Even as bitcoin went parabolic on GDAX, it failed to surpass $16,000 on either Bitstamp or Bitfinex, two other large exchanges that offer USD trading pairs. At one point, the spread between GDAX and Bitfinex swelled to $4,000  — a gap that would have even appeared excessive on Bithumb, a Korean exchange notorious for its large premiums.  And then bitcoin began to go back to earth. The dump came just as quickly as the ascent, and within minutes the bitcoin price had shed more than $4,500 on GDAX, although it continued to trade above $15,000  — at least briefly.  At this point  — as has so often been the case  — the flurry of activity led to cascading exchange outages as traders frantically searched for an operational exchange.  Coinbase reported experiencing record traffic at approximately 11 a.m. ET., and less than an hour later  — shortly after bitcoin clipped $19,000 and began to plunge  — GDAX halted market orders. Before long, users were reporting outages on Kraken and Bitfinex, although all of these exchanges were accessible again at the time of writing.   heh,, -coinbase -gdax -bitfinex -kraken ARE ALL DOWN 😨  pic.twitter.com/gyDmQhxfkS  — Jackie ☃️ (@urboijackie)  December 7, 2017   At present, bitcoin is trading at a global average of $16,724, representing a single-day increase of 23 percent. Movements like this are to be expected of a nascent asset class like cryptocurrency, but, given this present level of volatility, one begins to wonder whether Cboe, CME, and other exchanges planning to  launch bitcoin futures  will be able to  “ tame ” bitcoin after all.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   BETEX, First P2P Binary Option Announces Transparent Platform Development and Private Sale Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Binary option, or asset-or-nothing option, was highly favored as derivatives instrument for thousands of brokers and traders. The simplicity of the instrument that allows investors to guess whether or not a specific event will happen raked an estimated $30 billion annually for the market. However, dishonest brokers, shady practices, and opaque terms have resulted in tougher reg ulation and stricter stance by government agencies. Despite concrete efforts by the industry to regain credibility through ad campaigns, most people remain wary of entering the market.    Once Bitten, Twice …  Trust is arguably the most fragile quality in the known universe; easily lost, difficult to regain. unless you can comprehensively prove your worth. A copious amount of information is required to establish trust, especially in the financial industry. Investors must also have access to an honest, transparent, and secure platform where they can safely execute their bets without w orrying about the integrity of the operators.   This is what  BETEX , a revolutionary peer-to-peer platform on the blockchain, is developing a transparent ecosystem for binary options and other derivatives. Through the disintermediation of services, BETEX allows users to directly bet against each other with no third-party interference.   “Our mission is to bring unprecedented transparency to the derivatives’ market, as well as develop the new derivatives, which won’t leave any chances for the old shady trading instruments to exist,” explains Oleg Torkhov, CEO of BETEX.  BETEX ’s specialized and ready-to-use solution offers the following benefits:  Traders: A steady stream of earning opportunity if they can correctly indicate a short- or medium-term trend in the price change of the selected basic asset (trading pair). Brokers: Commission fee of 2% of the total amount of their users ’ bets Investors: 2.5% of the total volume on the platform is distributed among token holders. Each token holder automatically receives a part of this commission based on the number of tokens they have  BETEX MVP is already available on two websites —  https://Betex.io  and  https://GoBet.io  — showcasing the advantages of its common liquidity pool concept  An Ecosystem Like No Other  Unlike traditional platforms, BETEX provides access to real-time data and records all information on the blockchain, thereby, ensuring absolute transparency of its system. Liquidity on the platform is secured through a white label scheme connecting traders to brokers and maintaining the integrity of the ecosystem. The platform will also distribute 95% of the pool among winning  traders and take 2.5% for commission fee while distributing the rest among token holders.  “All transactions will be publicly available for any checks. No one, including the platform, will be able to influence the process.”  Token Pre-sale  Settlement on the platform is powered by BETEX token, which will be made available to investors in two pre-sale rounds:  Pre-Sale Round 1 – Starts on 04.12.2017 and ends 20.12.17 Pre-Sale Round 2 – Starts on 10.01.18 and ends 31.01.18  Only KYC/AML-compliant investors are eligible for this private offer.  BETEX aims to be fully compliant with all regulatory bodies and has initiated to future-proof itself by registering with the SEC and other regulatory authorities.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Ebbs From $18,000 High as Market Continues to Set Records Twitter  The bitcoin price made another bullish run on Thursday, reaching above $18,000 for the first time in its brief history. Friday morning, however, the bitcoin price began to ebb from this peak, providing altcoins with an opportunity to begin to mount a recovery after Thursday ’s carnage.  Source: CoinMarketCap  At the height of the rally, bitcoin carried the cryptocurrency market cap above $450 billion, briefly making the sum total of all cryptocurrencies more valuable than tech conglomerate Alibaba. However, at the time of writing, the cryptocurrency market cap was valued at $415 billion, which nevertheless represents a 24-hour increase of approximately three percent.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Pierces $18,000  Thursday was a frantic one for the bitcoin markets, as traders once again  grappled with outages  at some of the world ’s largest exchanges. Altogether, the global average bitcoin price reached a new all-time high of $18,353, with U.S. exchange GDAX  pricing it as high as $19,697  at the height of the rally. Friday morning, however, the bitcoin price  began to decline , and by the time of writing, it had settled down to $15,532  — a mark just above its previous-day level.  Bitcoin Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Nevertheless, this week ’s movement has been sufficient to propel bitcoin into 18th on the list of the world ’s most valuable liquid currencies, placing it ahead of Australia and Luxembourg.  Source: Jameson Lopp/CIA World Factbook  Ethereum Price Recovers to $450  Ethereum, like all cryptocurrencies not named bitcoin, has struggled to tread water this week as traders have consolidated their holdings into bitcoin amidst its breakneck climb. On Friday, some of that capital began to flow back into the wider markets, enabling the ethereum price to recover to $450 from its previous mark of $423. This movement raised ethereum ’s market cap to $43.3 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Altcoins Plot Minor Recovery  Fueled by ethereum, altcoins made a $5 billion advance on Friday, raising the altcoin market cap to $152 billion. However, those gains were not evenly distributed, and several top-tier coins continued to decline against the value of the dollar.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The bitcoin cash price rose nearly seven percent to $1,452, raising the third-largest cryptocurrency ’s market cap to $24.5 billion. The IOTA price leaped 22 percent, shaking off Thursday ’s temporary pullback.  IOTA Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Ripple and dash each rose more than eight percent, and the litecoin price rose just enough to broach the $100 mark once again.  However, bitcoin gold, monero, and cardano continued to post moderate declines on Friday to round out the top 10, although their one-hour charts signaled that a recovery may be imminent.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
INCREASE	   Growing Kids in Genuine Safety Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Most parents have been there at some point or another. Your child’s favorite toy or stuffed animal  – something they can’t be separated from  – and while you’re scanning through online reviews, you discover that the toy is toxic. Suddenly the favorite toy has to be taken away!   The need for  protection for our kids  never been more intense than with the fast-growing market for babies and children. Huge numbers of items are regularly put onto online shopping networks and are then pumped by false reviews from paid advertisers. The reality of the product though, is that it will eventually be discovered to be toxic.  A good illustration of this is the “Sophie the Giraffe” toy. The toy was designed around toddlers who are teething, yet was found to have mould growing inside the toy. Despite these findings, the toy remained incredibly successful and the company manufacturing it maintained high sales. Using their vast resources, it would be very easy for the manufacturer to avoid scandal by pa ying for reviews.    Blockchain for change  Within the baby and childcare education and products market, a new Blockchain-based platform from a group of family-oriented entrepreneurs called  FamilyPoints  promises to provide real information for parents and kids by accessing the ‘crowd’. On the platform, parents, manufacturers, and educators have provided an opportunity for real honest reviews about products and services.   Additionally, as parents share reviews and use discounts on products through the trust platform, they receive rewards and can use those rewards on additional discounts and services. Products avoid the huge margins associated with the industry, but still maintain their high quality standards. Services on the platform include excellent educational content for parents and kids ali ke as well as consultations with parenting experts.   The digital ecosystem is designed to allow parents and educators to share wisdom and product reviews on the Blockchain ledger, which keeps everything immutable. With this trust-based approach, the platform is able to provide parents with real information that is untouchable by illegitimate data. In other words, data and product knowledge are really honest  – something that is almost impossible to achieve on traditional product sites.   Experience pays  The group that has created the FamilyPoints platform is well educated in order to provide excellent information on child products and education. The experienced group has already created one of the most successful content for parental education on the internet called Babystep. Babystep has built the world’s largest video library of important and excellent parenting information  with more than 1,150 videos in 8 different languages.   Further, Babystep has already won the G-Startup award, during China’s biggest startup competition, and has already launched the mobile video platform. The Babystep platform has already generated 15 million organic monthly views and has an established subscriber base of 1.5 million in 2017.  Welcome to the token sale  The success that Babystep has already generated shows that the FamilyPoints platform is in good hands. The company has already put in place the necessary backing to launch their token sale in order to crowdfund the creation of the platform and to generate the internal cryptocurrency that will be used on the platform by subscribers.   The token, called the  FamilyPoints Tokens (FPT) , will be generated in a one time token sale for subscribers. The tokens will be used for reviews, purchases, advertising and more within the ecosystem. The pre-sale will start on December 1, with the public sale following on December 10, and concluding on December 31. Early buyers will receive bonuses.   With the new platform in place, parents will have new and important information at their fingertips, and won’t need to disappoint their kids with falsely reviewed products ever again.   
INCREASE	   Presenting InsurePal – Distributed Blockchain Based Social Proof Insurance Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  The rise of blockchain innovation has made possible an enormous number of changes that bring transparency across the entire value chain and return the autonomy back to the users in the biggest global industries that have so far remained intact. The distributed ledger already affected various segments, from politics to entertainment and mostly, finances. For the first time, its effect can also be used to change the $7 trillion global insurance market of today.   What Are Friends For?   Social proof is a psychological phenomenon where people rely on feedbacks and the actions of others in decision making. These days, people rarely buy anything without checking to see what other people are saying or have said about the product. Because feedback from real life customers is readily available at users’ fingertips, the market has become mindful of the quality of its services and products. However, one market is yet to benefit from the impact of this powerful tool; the insurance industry.   The insurance industry is plagued by various problems, from false claims to identification, privacy invasion, poor segmentation, and opacity. However, these problems are soon to become a thing of the past with  InsurePal .   Knowing You, Knowing Me  InsurePal is a decentralized and self-regulating insurance platform based on social proofing. The platform is the first to leverage blockchain technology and peer-to-peer assessments to create a rewarding and transparent platform for insurance policies. With InsurePal, users will be able to leverage information by their friends, families, neighbors, and peers to vouch for their eligibility and lower the cost of subscription through an innovative Trustscore rating system. Say for example, you want cheaper car insurance, you are a safe driver, and someone you know is on the platform can vouch for you. You automatically become eligible, while your endorser becomes financially responsible in case of any fault claim. But if you are as good as your reputation claims, both par ties have nothing to worry about!   The Future is Decentralized   Unlike traditional providers, Insurepal has recognized the importance of the blockchain and is not only utilizing its immutability to provide a trustless and auditable system, InsurePal will also be securing blockchain business transactions, providing compensation unrealized deal to the injured party. They will establish the trust among all the stakeholders and greatly accelerate the quality and quantity of all future blockchain business transactions. Considering all of this, they believe now is the best time for a new insurance player to further investigate blockchain and oﬀer a revolutionizing solution on InsurePal platform that will fully harness the innovative power of blockchain technology.  “Its implementation has a long-term horizon to fundamentally simplify the business processes as we know today and build a highly customer-centric product that is designed for the benefit of each individual and not for the profits of the insurance companies” says Matt Peterman, InsurePal’s CEO.  Future Prospects   Already, InsurePal has filed patent claim across the globe in order to position it as the “go to” platform for social-proof based insurance. The platform is also developing a UK pilot project for car insurance which will be unveiled soon.  To Find out more, visit:  https://insurepal.io/  Or watch the explainer video  https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1 &v=X4GY_zfUSxU  Read about how Insurepal will disrupt the industry  https://insurepal.io/InsurePal_whitepaper.pdf  And join our community:  BitcoinTalk:  https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2495721.new#new  Telegram:  https://t.me/InsurePal  Twitter:  https://twitter.com/InsurePal_io  Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/InsurePal/  LinkedIn:  https://www.linkedin.com/company/insurepal/  
INCREASE	   How This Blockchain Startup Is Set to Disrupt the Rental Space Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  A  report released  on October 31, 2017 by the US Census Bureau revealed two key facts about the current rental market. First, homeownership, while on the rise, is still nowhere near its recent peak in 2004-2005. Unsurprisingly, rental vacancy rates having been dropping since the global financial crisis in 2007-2008. Second, the median asking rent for vacant rent units has been steadily increasin g since 1995. Though inflation plays a part, increased demand is what is driving prices higher. Simply put, the rental market is quite strong.  But this doesn’t mean that the rental market is perfect –far from it. In fact, the current rental market has two glaring flaws that need to be addressed. First, landlords can levy sky-high upfront costs that discourage potential renters. Second, rental third parties add additional costs to an already expensive process.  One company,  Rentberry , is looking to disrupt traditional rental markets by introducing blockchain technology into the industry. Rentberry already has a platform in place with 53% month over month user growth (as of Q3 2017). They’re in almost 5,000 cities and have processed over 4,000 applications. They want to integrate blockchain technology with the platform to decentralize the rental marketplace . In doing so, they can lower costs for renters while cutting out third party expenses.  Sky-High Upfront Costs are the Norm in Some Places  In some cities, sky-high prices are commonplace. Take for instance rental markets in California. It is not uncommon for landlords to charge between  two and three times  the monthly rent payments as a security deposit. Additionally, landlords can charge  application screening fees  on top of the security deposits.  So, what about the single worker who relocates to Los Angeles for a new job? A one bedroom, fully-furnished apartment in Los Angeles costs on average $2,200. With first month’s rent, the security deposit (3x the monthly rent), and a $500 application screening fee, the upfront cost is $9,300.  To be sure, most of the security deposit will be refunded. But $9,300 is an extremely high upfront cost, especially when some landlords only accept bank transfers and cashiers checks as payment. These upfront costs end up turning away otherwise qualified tenants.  Rentberry is proposing a proprietary blockchain solution that will allow renters to crowdsource their security deposit coverage. By tokenizing the platform with BERRY tokens, the entire Rentberry community, no matter where they are in the world, can participate. This tokenization is what enables the crowdsourcing to happen.   So, in the example above, the new renter can pay the $930 for the deposit (10% down), then source the rest of his security deposit in BERRY tokens (90%). Other users will offer their BERRY tokens to help, and tenants can select which users to help front the payment. Those that offer their tokens for other users’ security deposits receive rewards, serving as a type of interest payment. Thus Rentberry will essentially create a decentralized loan market for security deposits.   What’s more, because the platform will operate with a decentralized cryptocoin, neither tenants or lenders have to worry about fraud or security. The platform will be designed with smart contracts, ensuring that all terms are met down to the last detail.  It’s a win-win for all parties –landlords receive their deposit, rent money, and have access to a wider applicant base; renters can rent apartments they wouldn’t otherwise be able to get; and lenders are rewarded in an interest type structure that rewards them for fronting coins to help out with security deposits.   Decentralization Cuts Out Third Parties and the Fees that Come With  Why do landlords charge so much for rent? In one sense, if the market is strong, they can. It is simply the laws of supply and demand in action. But, landlords themselves also have expenses that can be passed down to renters in the form of rent payments.   A landlord has a difficult job –he or she must source tenants, set them up, and manage their properties. This requires third parties like brokers and administrative assistants. Part of Rentberry’s blockchain integration will create a decentralized marketplace where landlords and tenants can interact directly, thereby eliminating the need for a broker or agent. The platform also creates a uniform rental application process –goodbye outdated administrative tasks and costs.  In order to fund these changes, Rentberry is having a token  pre-sale  that begins on December 5, 2017. The main ICO will start in January 2018.  
INCREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Loses $3,000 in Major Correction, Regains Upward Run Twitter  Bitcoin’s wild ride continues as the cryptocurrency took an abrupt fall in trading above $17,000 to hit a ‘low’ of $14,106.  Friday ’s Bitfinex chart.  Bitcoin price has had its biggest fall in dollar valuation yet, losing over $3,000 from it’s high of $17,203.45 during the early hours of Friday (UTC) down to $14,106.32,  global average  markets’ data shows. The 17% drop, while steep, falls short of the  20% decline  in bitcoin prices on November 30 – a day after bitcoin price  hit $10,000 .  At press time, bitcoin is trading back above $15,500.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Yahoo Co-Founder Jerry Yang is a Believer in Bitcoin as Currency Twitter  Yahoo co-founder believes digital currencies will play a significant role in the future of society, even though bitcoin isn’t “quite there yet”.  Speaking at the sidelines of the Fortune Global Forum in China, Yahoo co-founder Jerry Yang drew parallels to bitcoin’s volatility and technology stocks from the “early days of the internet”. Refreshingly, the early internet pioneer opted to speak about bitcoin as a currency rather than the go-to narrative of its value at a time when bitcoin price struck a new all-time high of  $15,000 today.  “Bitcoin as a digital currency is not quite there yet,” he told  CNBC . “People are not using it to transact. People are using it as an investable asset.”  Notably, he added:  I personally am a believer in where digital currency can play a role in our society. Especially in, not only the front end of doing transactions but also in the backend of creating a much more efficient system and a much more verifiable system.  Yang’s remarks about digital currencies like bitcoin ring a similar tune to those offered by Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak who sees bitcoin as a cryptocurrency that is “ more genuine and real ” than the U.S. dollar and superior to gold as a store of value.  “But for now,” Yang added, “it seems like [bitcoin] is more driven by the hype of investing and getting a return rather than using it as transactional currency.”  The technologists’ opinions on bitcoin are in marked contrast, however, to that of JPMorgan chief Jamie Dimon who labelled bitcoin a ‘ fraud ’ recently. A noted bitcoin skeptic, Dimon has previously said bitcoin “is worth nothing” in 2015, at a time when bitcoin was trading under $300. Yesterday, bitcoin’s soaring price helped propel the entire cryptocurrency market cap  ahead of JPMorgan’s $360 billion .  Featured image from Flickr/ Yahoo .  
INCREASE	   ‘Dr. Doom ’ Roubini Says Bitcoin is a  ‘Gigantic Speculative Bubble ’ that Will End Twitter  An influential American economist who predicted the 2008 financial crisis is now claiming that bitcoin is a  ‘gigantic speculative bubble ’ and that it will eventually come to an end.  Nouriel Roubini, an economics professor at New York University ’s Stern School of Business, spoke with  Business Insider Poland  during a visit to the country at the invitation of Bank Pekao. During the interview, Roubini, who has gained the nickname  ‘Dr. Doom, ’ expressed his views on the crypto market, in particular bitcoin.  According to Roubini, bitcoin isn ’t a  ‘serious method of payment ’ or  ‘a good way to store capital. ’  He said:  I think that more and more countries will start to make cryptocurrency exchanges illegal like China did. New regulations will be adopted. So, this will find its end.  While he states that the digital currency is a  ‘gigantic speculative bubble, ’ he believes that the blockchain will bring about positive changes, adding:  Blockchain creates an enormous chance to increase productivity in many companies and I think the technology to be something very good.  His comments come at a time when bitcoin has been experiencing a surge in value in recent weeks. Just yesterday, at the news of BitGo CEO Mike Belshe announcing the end of SegWit2x on the SegWit2x Mailing List, bitcoin ’s value  surged to $7,800 , achieving yet another all-time high.  However, shortly thereafter, the currency ’s value plummeted to below $7,000 to  $6,977  as the market reacted to the news. As a result, further market volatility is expected as the impact of the SegWit2x cancellation unfolds.  No doubt reports of bitcoin ’s value dropping nearly $1,000 will add fuel to many critics against the digital currency.  Roubini ’s comments follow the likes of Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase CEO, who called bitcoin  ‘ a fraud , ’ later adding that it was  ‘ worth nothing . ’ Billionaire investor and Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who was  arrested earlier this month  for money laundering, bribery, and extortion, has also added his voice to the critics list. In late October he said that bitcoin is  ‘ going to implode ‘ due to a lack of regulatory supervision.  Since the cancellation of SegWit2x, bitcoin ’s price has recovered slightly. At the time of publishing it was trading at over $7,200 with a market cap of $120.3 billion, according to CoinMarketCap. It remains to be seen how market prices will change over the next few days and where it will go from here.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein Open to Bitcoin Trading Desk Twitter  Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein is still not comfortable with bitcoin, but he says that he would not prevent the firm from establishing an institutional bitcoin trading desk.  Blankfein made these comments in an interview with  CNBC , responding to  rumors  that Goldman Sachs is considering becoming the first blue-chip Wall Street firm to open a dedicated cryptocurrency trading desk.  “I will tell you, it hasn’t crossed my desk to set up a bitcoin trading desk,” he said, “but I wouldn’t preclude it.”  This openness to directly engaging with the bitcoin markets is significant, especially considering that Blankfein maintains that he is still not a believer in cryptocurrency technology. “I don’t trust it. I don’t like it. I’m not comfortable with it,” he said, adding elsewhere in the interview that “maybe bitcoin is kind of a bubble”.  But, mirroring  comments  he has made in the past, the investment banking executive says that he does not want to let his own personal discomfort prevent his firm from embracing new technology.   “I’m kind of an old dog to be absorbing that kind of a new trick,” he stated, noting that  “the list of things that are conventional today that I use every day that I thought would never make it is a very long list. ”  “If it works, I say to myself,  ‘Hmmm, maybe that was a natural progression from hard money to fiat money to consensus money. ’ So who ’s to say, ” he continued .  Blankfein ’s cautious but humble approach to bitcoin stands in marked contrast with that of JPMorgan head Jamie Dimon, a  habitual bitcoin basher  who has made  — and broken  — vows to stop talking about bitcoin on multiple occasions.  If Goldman Sachs does open a bitcoin trading desk in the near- or mid-term, it would represent another significant milestone in the asset ’s mainstream adoption, which had already taken a giant leap forward last week when U.S. derivatives exchange operator  CME Group  announced it would launch bitcoin futures contracts later this year.  
INCREASE	   Over 26,000 Blockchain Projects Were Developed Last Year; 8% Remain Active Twitter  Code repository GitHub saw over 26,000 blockchain-related projects created on its platform last year; yet only a small percentage remain active.  According to data collected by Deloitte, it detailed in its  new report   ‘Evolution of Blockchain Technology:  Insights from the GitHub Platform, ’ that there were 26,885 blockchain-related projects in 2016 developed on GitHub. Surprisingly, despite the interest that the technology is garnering, only eight percent of projects are actively maintained. Deloitte found that projects have an average lifespan of 1.22 years.  Deloitte researchers said:  The stark reality of open-source projects is that most are abandoned or do not achieve meaningful scale. Unfortunately, blockchain is not immune to this reality.  The report adds that about 90 percent of projects developed on GitHub become idle, with the highest mortality rate occurring within the first six months of a project beginning.  The researchers give an insight into the geographical areas where the distributed ledger is being developed so far. It noted that San Francisco is home to the most projects being developed on the blockchain, with 1,279 users and 101 organisations. London comes in at second place with 858 users and 61 organisations. New York is third with 725 users and 49 organisations.  The report goes on to say:  We found that projects coming from San Francisco are diverse; they include solutions for exchanges, wallets for cryptocurrencies, interfaces for different blockchains (for example, Ripple, Hyperledger, and Ethereum), and payment tools for cryptocurrencies, to name a few.  Adding that:  It is also worth noting the high level of activity in China, specifically, Shanghai and Beijing. In both of these cities, most of the projects pertain to cryptocurrencies and cryptocurrency exchanges, with an emphasis on scalability.  The blockchain has been creating a huge buzz within the financial world of late, as banks work at improving their services. For many they are already experimenting with the technology to produce faster settlement times between customers and organisations.  In July, two of Australia ’s four  ‘ big banks ‘ successfully completed a blockchain trial in digitising the bank guarantee process for commercial property leasing with technology giant IBM. Whereas, James Disney, Credit Suisse’s global head of software investment banking, has said the  ‘ sky’s the limit ‘ for the distributed ledger. To close and settle private equity transactions it takes 20 to 30 days, but with the blockchain this can be reduced to minutes, he said last month.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   “Deliberate and Fraudulent ”: Cappasity Says Parity Wallet Incident Was No Accident Twitter  As  CCN recently reported , the Ethereum ecosystem encountered another black swan event this week, as a bug was activated in the multi-signature wallet released by Parity Technologies. The bug resulted in users permanently losing access to millions in funds, as Github user “devops199” revealed he inadvertently exploited a bug in the Parity Wallet library contract. Cappasity recently pointed out that som ething doesn’t add up, and the bug might’ve been deliberately exploited.  The user  revealed  what had happened with the words “I accidentally killed it” and a link to a smart contract address on Etherscan. Devops199 had apparently turned the library contract into a regular multi-sig wallet and became its owner. He then attempted to delete the code that gave him ownership, but since the wallet contained library contract code – which all Parity multi-sig wallets rely on  – the deletion froze millions in funds stored in Parity multi-sig wallets.  Although developers are still looking into the problem, reports suggest that the only way to recover the frozen funds is through a hard fork to the Ethereum platform. If the platform does go with a hard fork and some users refuse to upgrade to the new software, a chain split can occur. Last year, a hard fork that  recovered $50 million from the DAO hack  resulted in the creation of Ethereum Classic.  This isn’t the first time a bug in Parity’s multi-sig wallet code led to a loss of funds. Earlier this year, an attacker exploited it to  steal more than $30 million worth of ether , and was only stopped as white hat hackers drained affected accounts to then return users their funds.  Was it an accident?  Cappasity, a company in the midst of its Initial Coin Offering (ICO) affected by the incident contacted CCN to let us know about the results of its internal investigation. The company’s investigation led to the conclusion that devops199’s actions weren’t accidental, but “deliberate and fraudulent.”  Through a  Medium blog post , the company updated its users on their ongoing ARToken ICO, and on the results of their investigation. In the beginning of the post the company makes it clear its platform is secure, as well as the funds that were unaffected by the situation. Moreover, it clarifies the release of its  ARToken  wasn’t affected, and that the team is confident Parity Technologies and the Ethereum Foundation will find a way to correct the situation.  Then, it goes on to explain the reasoning behind its investigation’s results. Per the blog post, on November 6 the user going by “devops199” attempted to “call execute (address _to, uint256 _value, bytes _data) of  ARToken’s smart contract .”  Later on that day, he called execute of  Polkadot’s smart contract , which now has over $90 million in frozen funds. Then the functions “changeOwner (address_from, address_to) and kill (address_to)” were called. It’s the team’s belief that after tracking all  transactions , the logical conclusion is that they were deliberate.  To  Cappasity , if the situation isn’t resolved quickly, law enforcement agencies should be contacted. CCN contacted Cappasity founder and CEO Kosta Popov to know more about the investigation, and will update the piece as soon as more information is available.  
INCREASE	   Hundreds of Millions of Dollars in Ether Stuck; Where Does Ethereum Go from Now? Twitter  Earlier this week, as  CCN reported , a bug in the Parity software of Ethereum was discovered, effectively freezing hundreds of millions of dollars in Ether as a consequence.  Initially, many speculative reports were made on social media, to which the Parity development team  responded:  “Update: To the best of our knowledge the funds are frozen  & can ’t be moved anywhere. The total ETH circulating social media is speculative.”  Parity Team Releases Official Statement  On November 8, the Parity development team  released an official statement  regarding the bug as a critical security alert, announcing that large sums of ether from users storing “assets in a multi-sig wallet created in Parity Wallet that was deployed after 20th July” have been frozen and cannot be moved.  “We very much regret that yesterday’s incident has caused a great deal of stress and confusion amongst our users and the community as a whole, especially with all the speculation surrounding the issue. We continue to investigate the situation and are exploring all possible implications and solutions. Blockchain and related technologies are a vanguard area of computer science,”  the statement added.  While the estimates of the amount of funds frozen in multi-sig Parity wallets remain uncertain, cryptocurrency analysts has speculated the amount to be in the range of $150 to 280 million dollars.  What Was the Bug?  A user, who claimed to be “newbie” in the cryptocurrency sector, discovered a severe flaw in Parity, as the user took control of a smart contract which contained highly sensitive information including transaction instructions for many multi-signature wallets. The problem occurred when the user declared itself as the owner of the smart contract and disabled it shortly thereafter , effectively disallowing any funds from being moved or accessed.  Patrick McCorry, a cryptocurrency researcher at University College London, told Fortune in an interview that the only method of restoring the hundreds of millions of dollars that have been frozen in multi-sig wallets is to perform a hard fork to reverse the incident.  “The only way to ‘re-activate’ the smart contract is to perform a ‘hard fork’ that effectively reverses the work,”  said  McCorry.  Tuur Demeester, a prominent bitcoin investor and analyst, revealed that $90 million in Ether of an initial coin offering (ICO) of Gavin Wood has also been frozen, and the bug affected commercial projects apart from user wallets.  https://twitter.com/TuurDemeester/status/927906221692157953  At this point, it is difficult to justify the Parity flaw as a bug or a vulnerability in the Ethereum software, as Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin has always advocated the development and deployment of simpler and safer wallet contracts. Upon the disclosure of the bug, Buterin praised developers actively working to provide a secure infrastructure for Ether users.  https://twitter.com/VitalikButerin/status/928172344631115776  Where Does Ethereum Go From Here  Previously, even up until late 2016, the Ethereum network had carried out four consecutive hard forks to solve memory outages and bugs within the Ethereum software. Optimistically, none of the funds that have been frozen have been stolen, and all of the funds will likely be restored with a hard fork execution in the upcoming weeks. It is important to understand that vulnerabili ties can be fixed with updates and speedy recovery will allow the Ethereum network to become more resilient to such flaws in the future.  For Parity and the Ethereum Foundation, it is vital to react speedily and accordingly to the flaw found in the Parity software, and provide a hard fork solution to reverse the freezing of large amounts of Ether.  
INCREASE	   Micro-Lending Startup Ripio Credit Network ICO Hits $37 Million Target Twitter  The initial coin offering for Latin American startup Ripio’s micro-lending network reached its $37 million hard cap.   The blockchain financial services firm, formerly known as Bitpagos, is developing the Ripio Credit Network with the stated goal of democratizing the lending process and removing the geographic and bureaucratic barriers that prevent borrowers in emerging markets from obtaining loans at reasonable rates from traditional lenders.  The Ripio Credit Network platform is governed by cosigned smart contracts and will be settled using RCN tokens. However, both lenders and borrowers can interact with the platform using local fiat currency, making the platform accessible to people who are not familiar with cryptocurrency or do not want to go through the extra step of currency exchange.  The startup  raised $31 million  during an October presale that was open to accredited investors and attracted investments from Blocktower Capital, Blockchain Investors Consortium, and other venture capital firms. Presale participants did not receive a discount off the public ICO price, but they were allowed to purchase tokens in larger quantities than ICO contributors. The public ICO had a $6 million limit, and Ripio achieved that mark to bring its fundraising total to $37 million.  “ The original idea of Ripio Credit Network was to widen financial inclusion by extending credit lending globally, said Ripio Credit Network CEO and co-founder Sebastian Serrano. “The support, not only for our platform but for our mission, is truly inspirational and an unforgettable benchmark in the evolution of the lending infrastructure .”  Ripio also announced a partnership with Asian cryptocurrency exchange Huobi.pro, which will serve as the first liquidity provider for the credit network exchange. According to the project roadmap, the platform is supposed to go live in April 2018, and the company says it is currently participating in conversations with wallet providers, credit exchanges, and financial institutions in emerging markets to develop additional partnerships.  
INCREASE	   $700 Million Stuck in 115,000 Unconfirmed Bitcoin Transactions Twitter  Bitcoin recently saw a meteoric rise in value over the past 30 days, but soon endured a  major correction  and saw its value drop from $7,500 to  $6,407.62 at press time.  The bitcoin dominance index dropped from over 62 percent to 53.4 percent following the “death” of the SegWit2x hard fork.  The cryptocurrency has seen better days, as according to  Blockchain.info  there are now 115,003 unconfirmed transactions, meaning the mempool has once again surpassed the 100 million byte mark – which hasn’t happened for nearly three months. According to tradeblock, these unconfirmed transactions amount to 110,611 BTC, worth over $700 million, weighting about 36 MB.   With the  cancellation of the SegWit2x hard fork,  various investors started selling their bitcoin and turning to other cryptocurrencies, as they will no longer receive “airdropped” tokens. Some also speculate existing bitcoiners are turning to Bitcoin Cash because of its flexible block size limit, justifying bitcoin’s recent decline.  Whenever bitcoin’s mempool is filled with unconfirmed transactions, mining software picks the transactions that paid the highest fees. This means that users who want to send important Bitcoin transactions are currently advised to attach higher fees to them in order to get them through.  According to  estimates , the fastest and cheapest transaction fee  – at press time  – would be of 480 satoshis/byte. Taking into account a median transaction size of 226 bytes, this would result in a 108,480 satoshi fee, equivalent to nearly $7. The higher the fee, the faster the transaction will go through.  Fees are expected to remain high in the long-term, even after the adoption of SegWit. On Twitter, Bitcoin Core developer Peter Todd stated that it’s important not to oversell SegWit   …at which point fees will continue to rise after a short pit stop.  Let 's not oversell segwit; on-chain doesn 't scale.  https://t.co/vUMXp80XJe  — Peter Todd (@petertoddbtc)  November 10, 2017   Is Bitcoin under attack?  Some users claim that what’s currently happening to the number one cryptocurrency is an attack. As  covered by CCN , Bitcoin Cash has been surging in value, so much so it is up to $1,257.57 per token, up from little over $620 last week. BCH’s surge seems to be inorganic, as a large part of the market is currently concentrated in South Korea. According to  CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Cash’s trading value on South Korean exchange Bithumb surpassed $2 billion, 36% of the total volume. If we add other South Korean exchanges, Coinone and Korbit, the volume nears 50%.  It seems plausible Bitcoin Cash’s ecosystem has been attracting bitcoiners frustrated with the cryptocurrency’s current situation, as according to Blockchair Bitcoin’s fees recently climbed to a new all-time high, while Bitcoin Cash’s fees are still low.   #Bitcoin  vs.  #BitcoinCash  median fees chart. Bitcoin just hit its ATH of $5, while Bitcoin Cash users enjoy stable and predictable fees under 3¢ 📊 Follow us for more analytics!  pic.twitter.com/XlNtyYFz0Q  — Blockchair (@Blockchair)  November 10, 2017   The recent increase in the number of unconfirmed transactions may be justified with a surge in the cryptocurrency’s trading volume, partly triggered by its recent price surge, and subsequent decline following the SegWit2x cancellation.  However, some believe the number of unconfirmed transactions is increasing due to a surge in fake transactions, and that fear, uncertainty, and doubt (FUD) are currently being spread by actors trying to push altcoins. Redditors on the r /bitcoin subreddit  claim that bitcoin is currently under attack, and things might look scary for newcomers. He wrote:  “Spam transactions galore; fud on every crypto Reddit; hash power temporarily drained off to B cash. Honestly, we’ve seen every one of these before. Nothing is different. Each time this happens, newbies panic and buy some altcoin(s) and then they are left holding the bag when the value flows back to bitcoin and a new wave of users comes in, driving the price up to new highs and  becoming the targets of the next alt pump. It’s a cycle that keeps repeating.”  
INCREASE	    Bitcoin Price Continues Downward Trend, Dips Below $6,600 Twitter  After a meteoric rise in value in the past 30 days, the bitcoin price has endured a major correction as it dropped from $7,500 to $6,550.   Before delving into the analysis of the downward trend and the recent decline in the price of bitcoin, it is important to acknowledge that the price of bitcoin has increased from around $4,500 to $7,500 within a single month.    When  #bitcoin  price drops from $7,600 to $6,700 it is the end of the world. But when bitcoin price rises from $4,500 to $7,600 in a single month, it is expected. #Greed  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  November 11, 2017   Even with the recent major correction, the bitcoin price has recorded a 29.2 percent monthly increase and investors are overly concerned with the short-term price trend of bitcoin. Many analysts have predicted the price of bitcoin to plunge either after the cancellation or execution of SegWit2x, as B2X dividend expecting investors reallocate their funds from bitcoin to other cryptocurrencies.  Such trend has been evident in the decline in the bitcoin dominance index, which dropped from over 62 percent to 55.1 percent. Hence, a major correction on bitcoin has been long over due, considering the rapid increase in its price in a relatively short period and the SegWit2x hard fork.  Is Frustration of High Fees Pushing Users to Bitcoin Cash?  Several experts and investors have claimed that the high fees of bitcoin and the cancellation of SegWit2x are pushing existing bitcoin users to migrate to Bitcoin Cash, which has a flexible block size limit and therefore, larger on-chain capacity than bitcoin.  The price of Bitcoin Cash did breach the $1,000 mark earlier today, but the increase in the value of Bitcoin Cash also seems slightly inorganic, given its 20 percent increase in value for three days straight. More importantly, the Bitcoin Cash market is heavily concentrated in South Korea, with three major South Korean trading platforms accounting for around 53 percent of Bitcoin Cash trading.  The rest of the trading volumes are composed of Bitcoin Cash-to-USD trades, not Bitcoin-to-Bitcoin Cash trades. Thus, it is too early to claim that bitcoin users frustrated with high fees are moving to Bitcoin Cash.  While the abovementinoed claim is far fetched, it is notable that the mempool size of bitcoin has risen to 100 million bytes for the first time since June. With the mempool, the holding area for unconfirmed transactions, overloaded with bitcoin transactions, users are likely to be recommended to attach higher fees than usual by wallet platforms.   Peter Todd, a Bitcoin Core developer, further emphasized that it is crucial not to oversell bitcoin, as fees will likely remain high in the long-term, after the adoption of SegWit.  https://twitter.com/petertoddbtc/status/928908080296816640  Positive Indicators to Expect  At this point, it is too early to justify the recent correction of the bitcoin price as the movement of users from bitcoin to Bitcoin Cash, given that Bitcoin Cash will also very likely suffer a correction after its exponential increase in value in the past few days.   The drop from $7,500 to $6,600 could have been caused by two major factors: sell-off of SegWit2x expecting investors and the market’s correction after bitcoin’s strong short-term price rally.  If it is the latter, then the bitcoin price will be able to recover in the upcoming weeks. With CME Group and other major institutions planning the integration of bitcoin and launch of bitcoin futures exchanges, a “herd of institutional investors,” as billionaire Mike Novogratz explained, could soon enter the bitcoin space.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
INCREASE	   (+) Raiden (RDN) – Altcoin of the Week Twitter  
INCREASE	   (+) ICO Analysis: Matryx by Nanome Twitter  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Continues to Gain Usage for Retail Purchases; A List of Major Retailers Twitter  In a 1999 interview, Professor Milton Friedman, an American economist who received the 1976 Nobel Memorial Prize in economic sciences for his research on consumption analysis, monetary history and theory, and the complexity of stabilization policy, said the Internet would be a major force for reducing the role of government.  The one thing that was missing but would soon be developed, said Friedman, was a reliable e-cash. Nearly 10 years after the introduction of bitcoin, the cryptocurrency continues to gain acceptance as a form of payment.  As bitcoin’s price rises, the media pays more attention to it, making more people aware of its use as both an investment and a convenient way to pay for goods and services. The convenience of receiving payments within seconds, with minimal transaction fees, provides significant benefits to a business. More retailers, both physical and online, are accepting bitcoin as a form of  payment from their customers.  Following is a review of top retailers that accept bitcoin.  Virgin Galactic  Since 2013, Virgin Galactic, a commercial space flight venture owned by entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson that includes companies such as Virgin Mobile and Virgin Airline, has accepted bitcoin for purchases.  Over the last three years, Branson, a longtime bitcoin advocate, has hosted the “Blockchain Summit” on his private Necker Island.  Overstock.com  Overstock, an online retailer offering big-ticket items at lower prices, was the first online retailer to accept Bitcoins starting January 2014. Overstock partnered with Coinbase to allow customers to pay with bitcoin for all their purchases, from TV sets and laptops to pillows. The website has a “pay with bitcoin” option to complete purchases.  In 2016, Overstock began trading its stock on its private blockchain, tZERO.  In September of 2017, Overstock subsidiary tZERO announced a joint venture with Argon Group and RenGen LLC to launch the first ICO exchange that complies with SEC and FINRA regulations.  TigerDirect  TigerDirect, an online electronics retailer, became the second online retailer after Overstock to report more than $1 million in bitcoin sales in 2014. TigerDirect began accepting bitcoin payments in January of 2014, using BitPay as its payments provider.  Dish Network  The prominent satellite television company  Dish Network began accepting bitcoin payments in 2014  after some of its employees began investing in it. Dish Network used the Coinbase API to process bitcoin payments.  Expedia.com  Shortly after Dish Network,  Expedia teamed up with Coinbase in implementing the world ’s largest travel booking agency  found online. Like Dish Network, Expedia’s decision to accept bitcoin was based in part by customer requests.  Expedia was not the first travel website to accept bitcoin. CheapAir.cm began allowing users to book hotels using bitcoin in 2013.  Since mid 2014, users have been able to make hotel bookings using the Expedia bitcoin payment option. The company currently accepts bitcoins only for hotel bookings, but it is expected to expand to include flight bookings and other activities.  Newegg.com  Newegg, an online retailer, began accepting bitcoin in 2014 . Like competitor TigerDirect, Newegg uses payment processor BitPay to immediately settle bitcoin payments into fiat.  Newegg offered 10% off to users paying in bitcoin for a week in July 2014. The company also celebrated “Bitcoin Black Friday” with bitcoin only deals to highlight bitcoin’s superiority as an exchange medium.  Microsoft  Microsoft added a feature to allow customers to use bitcoin to add money to a Microsoft account in December of 2014, using BitPay as its payment processor.  Microsoft users can use bitcoin to purchase games, movies and apps in the Windows and Xbox stores, as well as the Microsoft online stores.  eGifter  eGifter, a gift card mobile app, allows users to buy gift cards for different places, such as Amazon, Sephora, Home Depot and Kohls. eGifter works with Coinbase as its bitcoin partner. Bitcoins are accepted for purchasing gift cards for places that do not directly accept bitcoin.  Gyft  Gyft, an online gift card retailer, allows customers to spend their bitcoins on gift cards at many major retailers. Whether it be iTunes for music, Starbucks for coffee, Target for groceries or Amazon for miscellaneous products.  The platform also allows customers to store their gift cards on their phone rather than in their purse or wallet. When bitcoin users buy gift cards through Gyft, they receive three percent points back onto their account that can be redeemed for rewards.  Zynga  Zynga, a leader in the monetization of electronic gaming, began testing bitcoin with some of its games in 2014. Bitcoin enables frictionless microtransactions suited to such business models.  For online gamers, Zynga partnered with BitPay for bitcoin payments. Players can use bitcoin for in-app purchases.  Starbucks  While Starbucks cashiers do not accept bitcoin, there are a few ways to pay for purchases with bitcoin.  Since 2015, the Foldapp has allowed customers to use bitcoin to get a 20 percent discount using the app to pay for purchases at many Starbucks stores.  In 2016, Seattle-based bitcoin wallet iPayYou announced the launch of Bitcoin Direct to Starbucks, giving coffee lovers a new and easy way to pay with bitcoin. Users of iPayYou simply transfer bitcoin from their wallet to their Starbucks mobile app.  Subway  Subway franchises in Buenos Aires recently accept bitcoin for payments at the restaurants for their “Eat Fresh” products.  AutoPartsWay  AutoPartsWay, a New York, N.Y.-based auto parts ecommerce retailer serving the U.S. and Canada, became the first major auto parts online retailer to accept payment in bitcoin in 2016. The company offers a large selection of exterior, interior, engine, AC, brakes and other parts for vehicles.  The use of bitcoin is on the rise due to numerous benefits, such as security, speed, low transaction fees, ease of storage and as a globally accepted means of payment.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   “The Call ”: Why Banks Push Bitcoiners to Reveal Their Money Habits Twitter  A video every bitcoiner should watch is  Andreas Antonopoulos ’ “ Money as a System of Control. ” In it, he shows us how money is being used to control those who send and receive it and to surveil transactions all over the globe.  Plus, he exposes how big of a fraud the banking system really is. Not only can banks simply freeze or confiscate our money without our consent, and without us being able to do anything about it, they also own our money and merely give us access to it  – what a bad deal.  As Antonopoulos puts it, we don’t have money in the bank, we have an account. An account that, perhaps, gives us access to the money there is in there, that we deposited while tricked by the false promise of it being safe. His brilliant example of the  Greek government-debt crisis  makes it clear: every Greek citizen had their money in the bank, and it was insured, but in one afternoon the promise was broken, and the money was inaccessible.  The video also explains “the call.” The call is the pushy phone call in which banks, acting as if they were jealous lovers, ask bitcoiners about specific bitcoin-related transactions. These  calls have been occurring for years , and while some are solved once bitcoiners justify where they got the money from, or what they was doing with their bitcoins, others are merely a  manager’s quest for knowledge .  As one bitcoiner who got the call puts it on  Reddit , usually big banks give people problems with bitcoin, while local banks are much happier with their customers and provide a better service to bitcoiners.  Recently, a redditor  shared with r/Bitcoin  the call he got from his bank. The redditor, EliToohey, explains that he’s had a banking relationship with PNC Bank for 15 years and that he now got a call asking him to confirm a couple of transactions.  According to the redditor, here’s how the conversation went:  “For what purpose are you buying Bitcoin ” (he saw Coinbase and Xapo transactions). I told him I wouldn ’t answer, he then asked  “What are you going to do with the Bitcoin ”, I again told him I wouldn ’t answer. He then informed me that his security team told him they would  “exit the relationship with me ” if they didn ’t get satisfactory answers. I relented and told him  “for investment purposes ” hoping to avoid needing to switch banks.”  The redditor’s answer could satisfy the bank, but the caller informed him that PNC Bank wants “nothing to do with bitcoin.” One would first think that the bank wants nothing to do with bitcoin because of its largely unregulated market, and as another redditor puts it, the bank does have to ask about certain amounts of money, as its required by law.  However, the banker made it clear at the end that PNC Bank wants “nothing to do with bitcoin” and, as such, clarified that it wasn’t about the transaction or its volume, but about it being related to bitcoin.  Your writer here also called his bank to know how it would react to bitcoin-related transactions. The employee that picked up the phone was defensive, but made it clear that it would block such transactions, and could even cancel my account.  “The Call ” Shows Banks Are Losing Control  As Andreas Antonopoulos put it, banks are now losing control over the system they created. People no longer believe in the fictional security banks provide, or that they actually own their money once they open an account.  An entire generation of people are now exiting the financial system and turning to cryptocurrencies, a much better system that regulators can’t get to. They can try to control it, by forcing exchanges to do what they want to, and by trying to keep people away from cryptocurrencies, but they can’t control cryptocurrencies like bitcoin.  Here’s Andreas Antonopoulos on “the call”:   Think about it: “the call” is your bank inadvertently telling you that it can no longer control you, that you are partly outside of its system and are now a liability, therefore it prefers to give you back your money. “The call” is the bank inadvertedly pointing out  bitcoin  is winning.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Dominance Index Surpasses 61% for First Time since March Twitter  For the first time since March of this year, the bitcoin dominance index has surpassed 61 percent, further solidifying bitcoin’s position as the leading digital currency within the global cryptocurrency market.  From January to September, the dominance index of bitcoin has declined from around 90 percent to 30 percent. But, in the past few months, the dominance index of bitcoin has gradually increased and earlier this week, bitcoin dominance index surpassed the 60 percent mark at last.   Reallocation of Funds From Alternative Cryptocurrencies (Altcoins) to Bitcoin  The dominance index of bitcoin has surged since September, as an increasing number of investors and traders started to reallocate their holdings in altcoins to bitcoin. More to that, the announcements of two of the world’s largest options exchanges CME and CBOE to launch bitcoin futures exchanges by the end of 2017 have increased the demand for bitcoin from the traditional financial industry.  At the time of reporting, LedgerX remains as the only Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC)-regulated Swap Execution Facility (SEF) and Derivatives Clearing Organization (DCO) approved to deal with bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. In the first week of its launch, a period in which the LedgerX team expected to clear minimal volumes to test its systems, LedgerX settled more than $1 million in bitcoin derivatives and options trades.  Based on the success of LedgerX and the rapidly growing demand for bitcoin from the traditional financial industry, CME and CBOE have begun to focus on the development, deployment, and approval of large-scale bitcoin options exchanges.  In August, Ed Tilly, CBOE Holdings Chairman and CEO,  stated:  “CBOE is not only a home to options, derivatives and the VIX but also ETF innovations and foreign exchange. This makes us the natural choice for the development and trading of bitcoin futures. We very much look forward to responding to the growing interest in cryptocurrencies through the creation of bitcoin futures traded on a regulated derivatives exchange, with the many expected benefits that this brings, including transparency, price discovery, deep liquidity and centralized clearing.”  It is important to acknowledge the entrance of institutional and retail traders into the bitcoin market because over the past month, that has helped bitcoin regain its dominance over the cryptocurrency market and evolve into a robust, widely recognized, and accepted store of value.   Can Bitcoin Dominance Index Reach 90 Percent Again?  Bitcoin has established itself as a store of value and a safe haven asset since early 2016. It is unlikely that bitcoin could gain 90 percent in dominance index again in the upcoming months, given the exponential growth rate of Ethereum and Bitcoin Cash, two cryptocurrencies with different philosophies and purposes in contrast to bitcoin.  But, bitcoin remains as one of the very few public blockchains and stores of value within the global cryptocurrency market that is being used by active users, traders, investors, and businesses. If the demand for bitcoin continues to increase in the mid-term, the dominance index of bitcoin will likely achieve 70 percent.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Blockchain Entrepreneurs Invigorated By CME’s Bitcoin Futures Move Twitter  CME Group’s  recent decision to list regulated bitcoin futures contracts by year ’s end  drew doomsday scenarios from some Wall Street investors , but blockchain and fintech entrepreneurs see it as a sign of the cryptocurrency’s growing acceptance which will bring more mainstream investors to bitcoin.     Some Wall Street investors, such as  Joe Saluzzi , a principal at Themis Trading, see parallels between bitcoin derivatives and the collateralized debt obligations that contributed to the financial crisis of 2008.  Several blockchain and fintech enthusiasts, however, see CME’s move as a sign that the cryptocurrency is gaining acceptance, a development that factors into bitcoin’s continuing price gains.  The  ‘Inflection Point ’  “The CME announcement marks the official inflection point of bitcoin crossing the chasm from being championed exclusively by tech-savvy early adopters to starting its proliferation among established financial institutions,” Serafin Kion Engel, CEO of DataWallet, a blockchain wallet for data exchange, said in a prepared statement.  “While it was easy for critics to label early adopters ’ enthusiasm as foolish, the adoption of bitcoin by institutions such as CME gives the cryptocurrency a seal of approval that will eradicate even the most well-reasoned criticism pundits may voice,” Engel said. “This paves the way for bitcoin living up to its full potential and soaring high into the five digits.”  Taulant Ramabaja, chief technology officer at ULedger, a blockchain based solution for data assurance, storage and other services, said CME will make it possible for institutional investors to take positions with bitcoin while complying with existing counterparty and regulatory requirements.  “We can expect a lot of large scale institutional money to flow into the bitcoin and cryptocurrency ecosystem from now on, assuming future regulation won’t hinder the emergence of cryptocurrencies as a legitimate asset class,” Ramabaja said.  A Boon For Crypto Products?  The ability to hedge against bitcoin enables the creation of all manner of crypto products, in addition to simple investment and trading, said Bharath Rao, CEO of Leverj, a decentralized platform for cryptocurrency derivatives trading.  “Institutions have been dabbling gently in the crypto market using specialized hedge funds as vehicles, but the introduction of bitcoin futures by the CME opens a huge new opportunity for gaining exposure to crypto currency,” Leverj said. “After all, bitcoin is the bellwether of the entire crypto market, and a regulated, developed exchange product gives confidence to trade large size for many institutions.”  Institutional Money Expected  Sheffield Clark, CEO of Coinsource, a bitcoin ATM network, said institutional investors are looking for an opportunity to capitalize on bitcoin’s growth in the last five years.  “One of bitcoin’s few setbacks was accessibility to institutional money; now that’s about to change,” Clark said.  “This move by the CME will bring new professional interest in crypto asset investment and trading,” agreed Tor Bair, head of Enigma, a cryptocurrency investment platform. “While providing new demand for crypto assets, it also creates significant opportunities for data-driven investors and traders who stand to benefit from increased liquidity and volume. ”  Abhishek Pitti, CEO of Nucleus, a provider of sensor technology that uniquely identifies users and senses pressure, motion and acceleration, said CME has a better chance to obtain Securities and Exchange Commission approval for its bitcoin futures contract than other organizations that have sought such approval.  “If CME does manage to achieve this feat, one of the largest barriers in introducing a bitcoin-based ETF may soon be removed, which will open up the floodgates for both institutional funds and retail investors who haven’t had exposure to bitcoin to get in on some of the action,” Pitti said.  “We could very well see bitcoin going multiple folds higher when that happens,” Pitti said.  A Note Of Caution  This does not mean that there will not be growing pains, however.  Pitti noted that bitcoin is different from traditional commodities like gold, copper or rice that are currently traded in the futures markets. As a result, there will be a lot of teething issues that CME will face, as it does not have any other commodity that behaves like bitcoin.  “What’s more, this commodity can be procured in many more unregulated cryptocurrency exchanges around the globe, which could potentially steer away a lot of traditional and conservative investors,” he said.  Also read:  ‘Playing with fire ’: critics condemn CME ’s bitcoin futures plan  Fork Also Raises Concern  Cryptocurrency entrepreneurs also see the SegWit2x fork, confirmed for activation on Nov. 16, as having a potentially significant impact on bitcoin.  “I anticipate strong movement of bitcoin from wallets to the exchanges supporting the new currency, because many will see it as an opportunity of free money,” said Perry Woodin, CEO of Node40, which offers blockchain-related services and digital currency accounting services.  “But what I will stress, is that, under current IRS regulation, bitcoin is indeed a form of property and is subject to capital gains tax once it ’s sold. I anticipate similar rules for Bitcoin2x, and from past experience, the majority of owners will blatantly ignore their digital currency tax compliance responsibilities.”  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Achieves New All-Time High at $7,598; Why is the Market So Optimistic? Twitter  Once again, the bitcoin price has achieved a new all-time high at $7,598 on November 5, as the market continues to be optimistic about the mid-term performance of bitcoin.   Rapid Adoption in Major Regions  In Japan and South Korea, two regions in Asia that are known to have extremely conservative investors and traders, have seen an exponential increase in the demand for bitcoin from local traders. In an interview with Nathaniel Poppers of the New York Times in October, Korbit founder and CEO Tony Lyu emphasized that once people are invested in South Korea, they encourage others to join the “party.”  “Word just spreads really fast in Korea. Once people are invested, they want everyone else to join the party. There’s been this huge, almost a community movement around this,” said Lyu.  Over the past two weeks, Japan and South Korea have seen a massive portion of conventional investors in the traditional financial industry allocate their funds to bitcoin, given the increasing liquidity of bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market in general.  Specifically, in South Korea, the popularity of offline exchanges of Bithumb and Coinone, the country’s two largest cryptocurrency exchanges, started to grow, as investors without solid technical knowledge or expertise in dealing with bitcoin began to seek for direct person-to-person assistance in purchasing, trading, storing, and managing bitcoin.  As a 53-year-old bitcoin investor  stated:  “Due to the emergence of physical cryptocurrency exchanges and offline customer service operations launched by CoinoneBlocks and Bithumb, many investors in South Korea are rushing to sell their stocks and equity in public companies to invest in cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin. Since the beginning of 2017, the demand for bitcoin has increased significantly and investors have been able to build trust over the cryptocurrency exchange market through offline exchanges.”  Japan and the US  Japan has always remained as the driving factor of the bitcoin price, especially in its new all-time highs and strong rallies. Japan is one of the very few countries that has adopted bitcoin as a currency and a payment method, using bitcoin to transact at hotels, online e-commerce platforms, retailers, and restaurants.   Today, Japan’s largest retailer in Bic Camera, budget hotel chain Capsule, major airline Peach, and the country’s largest grid operator Remixpoint accept bitcoin as a currency for all of their operations, services, and products.   Investors in the US are also optimistic in regards to the launch of a bitcoin futures exchange by CME and CBOE, the two largest options exchange both domestically and internationally. CME’s bitcoin integration is expected to offer immense liquidity for institutional and retail investors, who have been looking to allocate their “money on the sidelines” into bitcoin for many months.  The overwhelming performance of major regions such as Japan and South Korea, along with the integration of bitcoin by leading financial institutions in the US have contributed to the recent price surge of bitcoin.  In the mid-term, by early 2018, analysts expect the price of bitcoin to surpass the $10,000 mark. But, some strategists including Wall Street analyst Tom Lee of Fundstrat have warned investors to be cautious, as bitcoin price has increased from $3,300 to $7,400 in the past month alone, and such abrupt surge in the price of bitcoin could lead to a correction.  Featured image from Shutterstock,  
INCREASE	   BitGo Engineer: Bitcoin Price is Building Momentum to  “Bust Through SegWit2x ” Twitter  Jameson Lopp, a highly regarded bitcoin developer and the lead engineer at BitGo, has stated that the bitcoin price is building momentum to get through the SegWit2x hard fork scheduled for November 16.   My theory: Bitcoin 's building up momentum to bust through the SegWit2X fork. 🙃  pic.twitter.com/gX5gT9DqZl  — Jameson Lopp (@lopp)  November 3, 2017   $3,300 to $7,400 Within October  Since early October, the price of bitcoin has increased from $3,300 to $7,400, by over $4,100 within a 30-day span. Several analysts like Max Keiser have attributed the recent surge in the price of bitcoin to the market’s optimism surrounding the launch of bitcoin futures exchanges by CME and CBOE, two of the world’s largest options exchanges.  In addition to the entrance of institutional and retail traders, Lopp explained that the price of bitcoin is likely increasing continuously due to the market’s confidence over bitcoin’s mid-term growth and the decline in support for SegWit2x.  This week, three companies including BitGo and South American bitcoin exchange Bitso have hinted of pulling out of the NYA SegWit2x agreement. While major bitcoin platforms such as Coinbase and Blockchain have remained in the SegWit2x agreement, many businesses have rejected the SegWit2x hard fork because of its contentious nature.  Daniel Bogel, a Bitso executive,  wrote:  “There are few things that are clear to me about this upcoming Fork. But the lack of consensus is definitely one of them. Given this is a technical mailing list, I would urge everyone to rethink the S2X code from a technical perspective. The code base was written as an upgrade to Bitcoin. I believe there is enough hard data out there to make it clear that S2X is no longer an up grade. F2Pool backed down Slush Pool was never in ViaBTC said none of their customers are requesting S2X BTC.top said they will just mine whatever is more profitable When do we stop and rethink?”  Wouldn’t SegWit2x Supporters Invest in Bitcoin and Lead a Rally?  Several analysts in the past have also stated that investors and businesses that support the SegWit2x hard fork would also invest in bitcoin as the only way to obtain SegWit2x coin (B2X) upon its hard fork is to posses bitcoin prior to the fork.  Hence, some have suggested that the support for SegWit2x could have led the bitcoin price to increase, as more investors would have purchased bitcoin to obtain B2X on November 16.  The demand for SegWit2x certainly cannot be dismissed in evaluating the recent trend in the price of bitcoin because investors who support the hard fork would hold bitcoin to obtain B2X. But, as developers and respected figures such as Lopp have noted, it is far more likely that the community’s confidence in the original bitcoin network and the likelihood of the legacy chain re maining as the majority chain, or bitcoin, have contributed to the recent surge in the bitcoin price.  In the short-term, it is likely that the bitcoin price will continue to climb upwards supported by momentum established through the US bitcoin market ’s optimism in the cryptocurrency ’s mid-term trend.  
INCREASE	   Tracking the Origins of Thanksgiving Turkey on the Blockchain Twitter  American agricultural conglomerate Cargill is testing the blockchain to track and trace the origin of turkey products produced by family farms.  Cargill ’s Honeysuckle White brand is to employ the technology to enable consumers to know exactly where their turkey ’s are coming from. At select markets, consumers can enter or text an on-package code at  HoneysuckleWhite.com , according to  Meat Poultry . Consumers can then view the farm ’s location by state and county, read up on the farm ’s story, see photos and read a message from the farmer.  With consumer confidence in food low, Cargill is keen to improve on this through the blockchain, giving buyers the option of seeing how their food is produced and where it comes from.  In a statement, Deborah Socha, Honeysuckle White brand manager, said:  Honeysuckle White brand is the first and only major turkey brand to pilot a blockchain-based solution for traceable turkey.  This isn ’t the first time that the distributed ledger has been used to track and trace a foods origin.  Last October, Walmart partnered with IBM to put pork on the blockchain, a nation which has experienced a number of  food scandals  in the past. Other notable efforts to track the origin of food include an Arkansas livestock farmers cooperative that is employing the technology to  trace its meat  through the supply chain, a Taiwanese e-commerce platform using the Ethereum blockchain for  food safety , and the Japanese government, which is utilizing a NEM-based blockchain to  track wild game meat .  These are just a few instances, but highlight the growing importance of the blockchain and its use within the food industry. With more consumers keen to know where the food they are eating is coming from the distributed ledger provides the ideal answer.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Dubai Hosts Govt-Backed Graduation of Ethereum Blockchain Developers Twitter  Ethereum coder collective ConsenSys has awarded certificates to graduates of its inaugural blockchain developer program in Dubai. ConsenSys is the official blockchain advisor for the city and emirate of Dubai.  On Sunday, Brooklyn-based blockchain development house  ConsenSys  announced the graduation and certification of its inaugural  developer training program , a course operated by the ConsenSys academy. The academy is among the earliest global programs to offer a blockchain curriculum amid a growing demand for blockchain developers around the world.  The inaugural program saw some 1,300 applicants across 96 countries vying to be a part of the 8-week online course that ends with a 3-day in-person coding event where students work on real-world Ethereum blockchain projects alongside developers. 10% of the applicants made the cut and yesterday’s ceremony saw 58 blockchain developers from around the world graduate from the cours e.   Graduates preparing to receive Developer Program  #certificates  on the  #ethereum   #blockchain   #CADhackDXB   @ConsenSys   @uport_me   pic.twitter.com/qKwYlHt4xT  — ConsenSys Academy (@Cons_Academy)  October 21, 2017   Graduation certificates were issued on the public Ethereum blockchain as ‘Eth-Certs’ via uPort, a digital identity app.  ConsenSys founder Joseph Lubin stated:  It is very rewarding to see the first cohort of blockchain software engineers graduate and especially exciting to witness them awarded their Ethereum blockchain-based graduation certificates. These EthCerts will be housed in each graduate’s personal uPort IDs.   Graduates eagerly await the awarding of  #ethereum   #certificates  via the  #uPort  app  #CADhackDXB   @ConsenSys   @uport_me   pic.twitter.com/A8NhX5pilw  — ConsenSys Academy (@Cons_Academy)  October 22, 2017   The graduation ceremony was supported by Smart Dubai, a smart-city government initiative established by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum that is both a major endorsement and significantly reliant on blockchain technology. Dubai, which aims to become the  world’s first ‘blockchain city’  has already announced its goal to process and record  all government documents and transactions  on a blockchain by the year 2020.  Aiding the sweeping citywide initiative is ConsenSys, which became Dubai’s official blockchain advisor earlier this year. Its Dubai-based regional headquarters is now the company’s second-largest hub after its headquarters in Brooklyn.  Speaking at the ceremony, Smart Dubai director-general Dr. Aisha Bint Butti Bin Bishr added:  Hosting this first graduating class here in Dubai is testament to the emirate’s status as a leader in future technologies. ConsenSys Academy’s initiative to address the global shortage in Blockchain developers resonates with our objectives at Smart Dubai.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘Wolf of Wall Street’ Jordan Belfort: ICOs are ‘the Biggest Scam Ever’ Twitter  Former Wall Street stockbroker/fraudster Jordan Belfort has dismissed ICOs, or initial coin offerings, as “the biggest scam ever.”  A radical new form of fundraising, ICOs are essentially the sale of cryptographic tokens as by startups in exchange for financing via cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ether to fund early-stage startup development. Earlier in September, decentralized storage project Filecoin raised $257 million, an ICO record. According to one tracker, ICO fundraising in 2017 has topped $3 bill ion, so far.  Jordan Belfort, a former Wall Street penny-stock broker who plead guilty to stock market fraud, has opined that the current craze surrounding ICOs is going to end in a way that will “blow up in…people’s faces.”  Speaking to the  Financial Times , he stated:  He stated:  It is the biggest scam ever, such a huge gigantic scam that’s going to blow up in so many people’s faces. It’s far worse than anything I was ever doing.  Belfort claimed ICO promoters are following “pump and dump” boiler room tactics of aggressive promotion to stir investor interest before selling all the tokens before a price collapse.  “Promoters [of ICOs] are perpetuating a massive scam of the highest order on everyone,” Belfort said. “Probably 85% of people out there don’t have bad intentions, but the problem is, if five or 10 percent are trying to scam you, it’s a fucking disaster.”  Belfort went on to compare the current excitement for ICOs  – which sees participation from startups and corporations alike – to that of “blind pools” in the 1970s and early 80s when brokerages raised funds from investors without disclosing how the money would be spent. Brokers earned big fees before these trading “pools” were dissolved, without a single investment.  Belfort added:  Everyone and their grandmother wants to jump in right now. I’m not saying there’s something wrong with the idea of cryptocurrencies, or even tulip bulbs. It’s the people who will then get involved and bastardise the idea.  Belfort has also been  critical of cryptocurrencies  recently, agreeing with Dimon’s infamous statement on calling bitcoin ‘a fraud.’ The Wall Street criminal-turned-author spent 22 months in prison as a part of his plea agreement.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin will ‘Implode’ Like Enron: Billionaire Saudi Prince Alwaleed Twitter  Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal believes that bitcoin is “going to implode” due to a lack of regulatory supervision.  The bitcoin price has surged by more than 50% in October, enabling it to set  new all-time high  at just under $6,200 and increase its market cap dominance to about 59%. Despite an early-week pullback, the bitcoin price is still trading above $5,700, and it has fared noticeably better than other cryptocurrencies during the downturn.  Nevertheless, many traditional investors remain skeptical about this new asset class. Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, a billionaire investor whose conglomerate Kingdom Holding holds large stakes in Citigroup, Apple, and Twitter, told CNBC’s “ Squawk Box ” that the economic model of bitcoin “just doesn’t make sense” and will eventually cause the asset to implode:  “It just doesn ’t make sense. This thing is not regulated, it ’s not under control, it ’s not under the supervision ” of any central bank, Alwaleed said.  Echoing  statements  from financial services giant UBS, the Saudi prince implied that the crypto markets are in a bubble and outright predicted that their impending implosion would be reminiscent of the infamous Enron fraud scandal, which saw the blue-chip energy firm’s share price drop from $90 to pennies within months, ultimately leading to what was then the largest chapter 11 bankruptcy in hist ory.  “I just don ’t believe in this bitcoin thing. I think it ’s just going to implode one day. I think this is Enron in the making,” he continued.   “I am in agreement with JPMorgan [chief executive Jamie] Dimon,” he added, referencing Dimon’s bombastic claims that bitcoin is a “ fraud ” that is “ worth nothing ”. Dimon has even called bitcoin buyers  — a group that includes his own daughter  — “ stupid ”, warning that they will pay the price when its value crashes to zero. Like Alwaleed, Dimon is skeptical that a currency can flourish without the approval and backing of a central bank. “Governments are going to crush it,” he has said.  However, as internet entrepreneur Kim Dotcom pointed out on  Twitter , Alwaleed also derided Donald Trump as a  “disgrace to America ”, disbelieving that he could win a U.S. Presidential election, but quickly changed his tone after Trump won the 2016 election.  “More like Prince Alt-Delete, ” Dotcom joked.   Same Prince Alwaleed who said Trump 's a disgrace and will never be President. And after Trump won he apologized. More like Prince Alt-Delete  https://t.co/PeDedv6K2u  — Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom)  October 23, 2017   Although Alwaleed ’s bearish outlook is shared by many mainstream financiers and investors, others are beginning to soften toward bitcoin. Billionaire Mark Cuban  — a bitcoin skeptic who compares the asset to baseball cards  — advises  “true adventurers ”  to allocate 10% of their investments into high-risk crypto assets. Hedge fund manager Mark Yusko, meanwhile, predicts that the bitcoin price could rise as high as  $1 million  over the next two decades.  Featured image from YouTube/ The Official Kingdom Holding Company  “KHC ” Channel .  
INCREASE	   MIT Issues Diplomas Using the Bitcoin Blockchain Twitter  The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) has begun a pilot program to test the benefits and challenges of using the bitcoin blockchain to issue diplomas.  AS  MIT News reports , the pilot program began this summer and provided 111 MIT graduates with the option to receive their diplomas through a blockchain-reliant smartphone app called Blockcerts Wallet, in addition to the traditional hard-copy format.   The Blockcerts app, which was developed by the  MIT Media Lab  in collaboration with Cambridge software company Learning Machine, generates a public-private key pair after a student downloads it and registers for the program. The app then sends the public key to MIT, who writes it into the digital record and adds a one-way hash to the bitcoin blockchain. The app stores the user’s private key, enabling him or her to prove ownership of the  diploma.  The school says “empower[s] students to be the curators of their own credentials”:  “From the beginning, one of our primary motivations has been to empower students to be the curators of their own credentials,” says MIT Registrar and Senior Associate Dean Mary Callahan. “This pilot makes it possible for them to have ownership of their records and be able to share them in a secure way, with whomever they choose.”  Learning Machine chief executive Chris Jagers stresses that the program is not a mere novelty. When academic institutions shut down, it often proves to be a tremendous hassle for their former students to access their records. While the prestigious MIT is unlikely to close down anytime soon, the program can be replicated at other schools and universities.  “MIT has issued official records in a format that can exist even if the institution goes away, even if we go away as a vendor,” Jagers says. “People can own and use their official records, which is a fundamental shift.”  He adds that blockchain-based applications could  “create a whole new reality ” for information management and verification.  “It’s not just about solving a problem,” Jagers concludes. “It really is transformative. And it could be as big as the web, because it affects every sector. It’s not just academic records. It’s being able to passively know that digital things are true. That creates a whole new reality across every sector.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   British Banks Are Shunning Bitcoin Companies Twitter  Companies that handle digital currencies are being forced to open bank accounts elsewhere as British banks continue to shun them.  Investor interest in digital currencies has surged this year with bitcoin ’s price rising to a  record high of $6,200  over the weekend, pushing its market cap to $102.8 billion. Yet, despite this traditional banks remain weary of the market. The  Financial Times  reports that there are fears it ’s riddled with criminals and fraudsters. As a result, cryptocurrency companies are turning to Poland, Bulgaria and Gibraltar to open bank accounts.  James Godfrey, head of capital markets at BlockEx, a platform for trading digital assets including digital currencies, explained that U.K. retail bank Metro Bank shut its U.K. bank account, forcing it to rely on Bulgarian lender.  He said:  Nobody will give us a bank account in the U.K.  Godfrey adds that the company is considering relocating to a more welcoming country such as Toronto.  Michael Hudson, chief executive of the bitcoin investment firm Bitstocks, adds:  It is almost an impossibility to get a U.K. bank account. We bank in Gibraltar and Poland — the two jurisdictions that are most stable.  As a consequence of this, concerns are being raised as to whether this will impact the U.K. ’s competition in the fintech space. The U.K. ’s Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) believes it will place barriers in the way and hamper entry.  However, for many banks in the U.K. it is the fact that digital currencies are being used on the dark web that is raising concerns. With no way of knowing who is exactly behind the transactions taking place they fear they could be used by criminals to trade illegal goods.  One U.K. bank boss said:  You don’t know who is transferring money in and out. If cryptocurrency goes to Iran and we’re involved then I get shut down.  There is no regulatory regime in place yet for digital currencies and the European Banking Authority has yet to update its guidance on the issue. Interestingly, Mario Draghi, the European Central Bank (ECB) chief, recently said that bitcoin and other digital currencies were  not mature enough for regulation .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ICO Ban in Japan a  ‘Definite Possibility ’ Twitter  Japan is a powerhouse in the cryptocurrencies market, trading about 63% of the world’s Bitcoin. However, ban of Initial Coin Offering (ICO) by some Asian countries has investors worried that Japan could follow suit.  ICOs are the new radical form of crowdfunding. Companies are raising funds in the form of cryptocurrencies through selling crypto tokens to investors. ICOs are now a go-to method for many companies as it allows investors to benefit more directly from new technologies as opposed to traditional stock.  Japan, which now recognizes Bitcoins as legal tender,  is one of the biggest champions of cryptocurrencie s. Japan’s fundamentally different approach to cryptocurrencies positions it as the much-needed savior for ICOs. According to Kagayaki Kawabata, Coincheck ’s head of international business development, requests to list tokens on its exchange  increased  after China’s ban.  Regulators May Not be Receptive to ICOs  Co-founder of IndiesSquare, Kogi Higash is however not convinced that Japan is the safe haven for ICOs, as many believe. He believes that the conservative and risk-averse nature of many of Japan’s industries could trigger the ban.  Bitcoins and other crypto coins need regulation; this was the reason stated for China and South Korea’s ICO ban. Japan though having a friendly approach to cryptocurrencies is not ICO-friendly, Higashi says. Further adding that regulators are only watching to see if it is good or bad and could start regulations in the future.  According to  Forbes , Higashi is still optimistic that ICOs could turn into a revolutionary concept, giving Japan a head start in attracting many ICO projects. Companies worldwide are already relocating projects to Switzerland and Japan, a move that will help both countries earn tax revenue.  Con-stars Moving into ICOs  Fraudulent ICOs flooding the Japanese crypto market may give the government all the more reason to impose a ban. There is a likelihood of ICOs moving from serious efforts to build digital currencies to a risky pyramid schemes. Start-up investors buying coins at a discount and disposing them off on general investors is another worrying trend. Such a scenario opens up less techni cally savvy investors to exploitation.  Japan plays a crucial role in the growth of crypto currencies and ICO markets, contributing heavily to the recent rise in valuations. A ban could potentially limit the number of investors and crypto currency exchange, diminishing liquidity in the ICO market. A move that could increase volatility and drive prices downwards.  Up until recently, only a small number of investors, ones with large orders made up the trading volume in Japan. Now, less-technical users around the world are expressing interest, which could possibly increase the number of traders. A ban will have the new crop of potential investors fearful.  Although great speculation, it is highly unlikely that a ban could come into effect, at least not anytime soon. Regulators have closely been following the cryptocurrency industry, demonstrating openness to learn about the technology and how best to regulate it. More reason to be optimistic. Furthermore, the growing appetite for blockchain is rapidly expanding.  There are rumors that a possible lift in the Chinese ban could come into effect following the Communist Congress elections. The ban believed to be a push from political elites, maybe purposeless after the elections. A lift in the ban, with Japan at the verge of imposing one, could see the country lose out to China.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bittrex, World ’s 3rd Largest Exchange, Will Not List Bitcoin Gold Trading Twitter  Bittrex, the world’s third largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume behind Bitfinex and Bithumb, officially announced that it will not list Bitcoin Gold (BCG) trading upon its hard fork in November.  Bittrex Concerned With the Bitcoin Gold Codebase  On Sunday October 22, the Bittrex team released a statement on Bitcoin Gold and emphasized that the Bittrex development team will not be integrating Bitcoin Gold trading due to its lack of code testing, auditing, and replay protection.   Bittrex  stated:  “At this time, the information and codebase presented by the Bitcoin Gold team is not in a functional state and Bittrex will not commit to opening a Bitcoin Gold trading market. When considering adding tokens to Bittrex exchange we look at the risks involved. Bitcoin Gold does not satisfy our criteria for safety for our users. ”  The exchange further noted that the process of integrating support for Bitcoin Gold trading or implementing support for any hard fork requires the trading platform to halt its services for at least 24 hours to prepare. For instance, in the case of Bitcoin Gold, if Bittrex were to integrate BCG trading, Bittrex would have to disable bitcoin wallets for an entire day of operation , which would negatively affect millions of users and accounts with large sums of funds.  “Taking a snapshot of the Bittrex exchange Bitcoin wallet is also a large disruptive undertaking that requires over 24 hours of preparation (Bitcoin deposits and withdrawals are also suspended during this time) and should not be taken lightly,” said the Bittrex team.  Precedent For Future Forks and SegWit2x Hard Fork  As Bitcoin developer Jimmy Song explained, the Bitcoin Gold hard fork proposal was introduced rather abruptly, by China-based bitcoin miner Jack Liao. The motive behind the Bitcoin Gold project is to create an ASIC-resilient mining ecosystem, wherein the gap between GPU/CPU mining and ASIC mining is relatively small.  But, such alteration in the Bitcoin proof-of-work consensus protocol (PoW) is a minor change to the Bitcoin codebase, and is an unnecessary, impractical, and simply pointless, considering that other alternative cryptocurrencies (altcoins) have attempted a similar model in the past few years and none of them turned out to be successful.   The mining industry for most leading cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin, Ethereum, and Litecoin is highly profitable for mining pool operators and mining equipment manufacturers. Earlier this month, Chris Burniske, a prominent bitcoin analyst and researcher,  revealed  that the bitcoin mining industry is set to bring $4 billion in 2017 alone, and likely higher returns in the upcoming years.   Consequently, in the past few months, major conglomerates in the traditional technology sectors such as Japan’s multi-billion dollar corporation GMO entered the bitcoin mining industry, with the vision of establishing a mining center and manufacturing its own line of bitcoin mining equipment.  Hence, despite changes to the consensus protocol, miners will always adopt and manufacture better equipment to further the gap between CPU/GPU miners. As bitcoin investor Alistair Milne  explained:  “Miners follow the money, they do not lead the money. A rational miner fears the market negatively valuing the tokens they are trying to mine. They are extremely sensitive to profit and loss.”  
INCREASE	   Lawsuit Against $232 Million Tezos Being Prepared, Not Likely to Succeed Twitter  Earlier this week Paul Vigna of the Wall Street Journal reported that the launch of Tezos has been delayed due to the conflict between its founders over the ownership and control of Tezos.  Arthur and Kathleen Breitman, the husband and wife partner who have found Tezos alongside Johann Gevers, was said to have sent a letter to the Tezos Foundation’s board, requesting the removal of Gevers from the project through their attorney. Vigna  wrote:  “A lawyer representing the Breitman on Sunday sent a nine-page letter to the foundation’s board, demanding that its founder and president, Johann Gevers be removed, or they would withdraw their support from the project. He has alleged the Breitmans’ involvement in his work ‘was incompatible with the needed independence of the foundation,’ according to a separate letter from a B reitman lawyer, which referenced a Sept. 21 meeting at which Mr. Gevers made the claim.”  But, in an interview with Reuters, Gevers strongly condemned the actions of both Arthur and Kathleen Breitman, describing their plan to remove him from the Tezos project as an illegal coup. Gevers  stated:  “As Arthur has done to others before me, this is attempted character assassination. It’s a laundry list of misleading statements and outright lies.” [Arthur and Kathleen] are attempting an illegal coup. Attempt to control the Foundation as if it were their own private entity… by bypassing the foundation’s legal structure and interfering with management and operations.”  Two US Law Firms Open Investigations Into Tezos  According to Block  & Leviton, a Boston-based law firm representing investors for violations of securities laws, revealed that the conflict between the founders of the project has led to the decline of the Tezos token (Tezzies) by around 60 percent, in futures and derivatives markets. Because the launch of the Tezos token has been delayed as a result of the legal conflict between the founders, tra ders have been limited to trading Tezzies in the derivatives market.  Block  & Leviton further emphasized that it has launched an investigation into Tezos on behalf of its investors that have participated in the initial coin offering (ICO) of the project. Restis, another US-based law firm in California, revealed that it has begun to investigate the Tezos project, to prepare a class action lawsuit against the organization.  “The Restis Law Firm, P.C., located in San Diego California, is investigating a class action lawsuit on behalf of U.S. investors in the Tezos ICO. We are interested in receiving feedback from investors to learn about their experience and develop facts for the case,” the Restis team  wrote.  Legality of Investors and ICOs  Whether US securities regulations can apply to Tezos investors remains unclear and ambiguous. Prior to its ICO, Tezos has disallowed US-based investors in participating in its ICO. Hence, it is highly unlikely that US securities regulations can be used against Tezos in a lawsuit. Furthermore, Tezos has described the ICO and the investment it had received as a “non-refundable do nation” rather than a distribution of stake or equity in the company, to circumvent US SEC regulations and policies.  Conclusively, it is unlikely that US investors will be able to challenge Tezos in a class action lawsuit because US investors were not allowed to invest in Tezos to begin with, and even if they had, investment in Tezos was described as a donation, which remains outside of the SEC’s jurisdiction.  But, Gevers  has officially appealed  to Swiss federal inspectors and requested “the supervisor to intervene, if necessary, to protect the interests of the Tezos ICO participants.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Japan’s Biggest Bitcoin Exchanges Reveal Bitcoin Gold Hard Fork Plans Twitter  Two of Japan’s leading bitcoin exchange have announced their plans for the upcoming bitcoin hard fork, scheduled to occur this week.  Tokyo-based  bitFlyer , Japan’s largest and best-funded bitcoin exchange, has revealed its intention to distribute Bitcoin Gold (BTG) to users prior to the split of the bitcoin blockchain – expected to occur on October 25 th . The exchange also revealed its intention to launch trading services in support of the new cryptocurrency, enabling users to sell, deposit and send BTG from their bitFlyer accounts.  A new altcoin that will emerge from a hard fork of the Bitcoin blockchain, Bitcoin Gold is led by Jack Liao of Hong Kong-based mining firm LightningASIC with the aim of improving the protocol. The new cryptocurrency is expected to form after the hard fork split on block 491,407.  bitFlyer wrote in its  announcement  [PDF]:  We will credit you with an amount of BTG corresponding to the amount of Bitcoin (BTC) in your bitFlyer account prior to the split. 2 If the BTG split is deemed by bitFlyer to be permanent and secure in regards to customer assets, you will be able to own both BTC and BTG in your bitFlyer account.  BTG withdrawals and deposits will be enabled by the exchange “after sufficient observation of the stability in the BTG chain after the split”, bitFlyer added.  Coincheck , another major Japanese exchange, also announced it is ‘planning to provide Bitcoin Gold’ in the event of a chain split.  In a  public notice  last week, the exchange revealed it hadn’t determined a specific date and time for distributing the new cryptocurrency, contingent on determining if the new token has sufficient replay attack protection, a stable miner hashpower and adequate protection from vulnerabilities. Still, the exchange added it may not provide Bitcoin Gold if “we decide listing of Bitcoin Gold is inapp ropriate.”  Coincheck also revealed its calculation for the amount of bitcoin gold to be distributed to users of its trading accounts.  Bitcoin Gold to be distributed = ( (Amount of Bitcoin you own) + (Amount of long position you hold) – (Amount of short position you hold) – (Amount of Bitcoin you’re borrowing) )  The equation differs for payouts toward users of payment and lending accounts at the exchange.  Unlike bitFlyer, Coincheck revealed it has not decided on any trading options for Bitcoin Gold just yet. There will be no suspension of services at both exchanges around the time of the split.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   As Bitcoin Price Hits Record Highs, Australia ’s Government Considers Digital Currencies and Tax Implications Twitter  As bitcoin ’s valued soared to record heights over the weekend, the Australian government heard evidence on digital currencies and its tax implications.  On Saturday, bitcoin ’s value saw its value rise to  $6,200 for the first time , pushing its market cap to $102.8 billion. With investor interest increasing in the cryptocurrency market, governments are turning their attention to the impact it presents.  One of which is Australian ’s House of Representatives Standing Committee on Tax and Revenue.  Speaking to the  Sydney Morning Herald , Kevin Hogan, the member for the Division of Page in NSW and chair of the committee, said that digital currencies would present risks to governments if they remain outside of regulation.  He said:  If people choose to go  ‘off the grid ’ and it is fully encrypted, that presents challenges.  Of course, while there are challenges that governments need to overcome, there are also opportunities too. Hogan believes that if the Tax Office embraces the blockchain, the collection and payments of taxes would be more efficient.  If these cryptocurrencies emerge in greater numbers, certainly the government will need to adapt to some of that to make sure that the tax payment system is included in that.  The Chinese government is one authority that is utilising the distributed ledger to  collect taxes and issue electronic invoices . In August, it was reported that Chinese authorities have  ‘actively ’ been exploring the application of the distributed ledger in the  ‘fiscal and taxation business. ’  This announcement from Australia comes at a time when authorities recently made progress with its anti-money laundering (AML) and counter-terrorism financing (CTF) bill, which included  bitcoin exchanges under the remit of Australian legislation  for the first time.  Part of a wider reform of the government ’s AML and CTF laws, the objective is to provide more power to the Australian Transactions and Reporting Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC), the country’s financial intelligence agency and watchdog. It ’s believed that the bill will be passed.  Last week, David McKay, the Royal Bank of Canada ’s CEO, said that while he would never call bitcoin a fraud, he does have concerns with it.  In a report, he said:  There are some real concerns about how the bitcoin is being used that we have to resolve.  In the past, Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase, has called bitcoin is  ‘ a fraud , ’ claiming that it ’s  ‘ worth nothing . ’  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Price Struggles to Recover Beyond $300 Despite Hard Fork Twitter  Despite the  successful execution  of the highly anticipated Byzantium hard fork, the price of Ether, Ethereum’s native cryptocurrency, has struggled to recover beyond the $300 mark.  In September, prior to China’s nationwide ban on initial coin offerings (ICOs) and cryptocurrency trading, the price of Ether neared the $400 region, as optimism towards the Ethereum network began to increase at a rapid rate in China, Japan, and South Korea.  Since then, the price of Ether has declined from around $390 to $280, as the cryptocurrency market endured several major corrections in the past week. The price of Ripple, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Bitcoin have all declined in the past few days, as the price of bitcoin decreased from $6,199 to $5,860.  The Byzantium Hard Fork and Optimism Around Ethereum Development  As it did with previous rallies and price surges, the successful execution of the Byzantium hard fork was expected to have a positive impact on the short and mid-term price trend of Ether. Vitalik Buter, the co-founder of Ethereum, further emphasized subsequent to the hard fork that Byzantium has been a success, and the Ethereum network has been stable since the hard fork earlier this month.  Analysts also expected the price of Ether to increase considering the progress of the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA). Some of the global finance industry’s leading institutions such as Sberbank, the largest state-owned bank in Russia, have joined the EEA to develop applications around the Ethereum network.  Sberbank senior vice president Igor Bulantsev  stated:  “Our entrance to the Alliance will help broaden cooperation between leading global companies in terms of developing the Ethereum platform. The Alliance is actively developing and I hope that the bank’s expertise will be of use to all of its members. In addition, the bank will be able to influence the enhancement of the platform and its growth in the corporate sector.”  Researchers including Ivey Business school professor JP Vergne previously stated that various studies have found that developer activity has been the most accurate indicator for predicting the price trend of cryptocurrencies. So far, in 2017, the Ethereum development community has been active, with innovative developments around the Byzantium hard fork and second-layer solutions lIke Plasma that are expected to create a more efficient ecosystem for decentralized applications.  “We found that the best predictor of a cryptocurrency ’s exchange rate is the amount of developer activity around it,”  said  Vergne.  Why is Ethereum Price Struggling to Recover?  Last week, the US Ethereum market took over South Korea to become the largest Ethereum exchange market with 33 percent of the market share. South Korea had been the leading Ethereum market throughout 2017, with increasing demand from the South Korean cryptocurrency and financial communities for Ethereum.  But, the interest towards Ethereum declined in South Korea due to the emergence of other cryptocurrencies in the market such as Zcash and Qtum. Investors and traders have started to seek out for a diversified portfolio of assets, apart from bitcoin and Ether as the main cryptocurrencies.  In the mid-term, the success of the Byzantium hard fork and rapid adoption of the Ethereum network will allow Ether to rebound and recover in value.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Holds at $5,900 as Ethereum, Altcoins Contract  Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets dipped below $170 billion on Monday, with traders expressing tepidity about a potential Japanese initial coin offering ban. Consequently, the ethereum price dropped below $290, and the majority of altcoins returned negative performance for the day. The bitcoin price, however, ticked up to $5,900, further solidifying its dominant hold on the markets.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  The total cryptocurrency market cap had been positioned near $175 billion late last week as bitcoin scaled the charts to reach $6,000 for the first time, but it ebbed over the course of the weekend, eventually reaching $170.6 billion on Sunday. The decline continued on Monday, bringing the combined value of all cryptocurrencies to a present mark of $168 billion.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Holds at $5,900  The bitcoin price  touched $6,200  on Saturday to set a new all-time high, but on Sunday it fell into decline, dipping as low as $5,795. On Monday, however, the bitcoin price experienced a slight uptick, bringing it back across the $5,900 threshold. At present, the bitcoin price is trading at a global average of $5,906, which translates into a market cap of $98.3 billion.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Following last week ’s rise to $6,000, many average investors are wondering if it is too late to invest in bitcoin. However, these same fears have kept investors on the sidelines at almost every stage of bitcoin ’s growth, and yet the markets have continued to  defy critics ’ expectations . This is why even Mark Cuban  — a long-time bitcoin skeptic  — has begun advising  “true adventurers ”  to allocate up to 10% of their investments in bitcoin and ethereum.  Ethereum Price Dips Below $290  The ethereum price continued its post-Byzantium decline on Monday, dipping below $290 for the first time in two weeks. At present, the ethereum price is trading at $288; this represents a 7-day decline of 15% and translates into a $27.4 billion market cap.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  At present, much of the demand for ethereum is derived from investors who wish to participate in initial coin offerings (ICOs), which have  recently surpassed  a year-to-date fundraising total of $3 billion. As ICO contributions have increased, so has attention from regulators, and some industry observers expect that more nations  — including  bitcoin-friendly Japan   — will follow China ’s lead and ban the practice altogether. It ’s likely that these fears are placing downward pressure on the ethereum price.  Altcoins Trend Down  Ethereum was joined in its decline by virtually every top-tier altcoin, although most of these pullbacks were minor.  Altcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The ripple price declined 3%, pushing its price below $0.200 and its market cap to just $7.6 billion. The bitcoin cash price dipped 2% and is now trading at $322. The litecoin price dropped 4%, which was enough to reduce its market cap to $2.9 billion, while dash ’s 3% decline lowered its price to $269. The NEM and monero prices each dropped about 1%, while NEO posted a top 10-worst decline of 5%. Bitconnect, ranked eighth, was the lone top 10 altcoin to experience a single-day price increase; it is currently trading at $203, which represents an increase of about 1%.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Proof-Of-Asset Protocol by BANKEX Opens Access to Capital for Business Twitter  As capital markets become increasingly global, traditional regulatory authorities can no longer control them. In response, regulatory authorities and banks are creating stricter regulations, making the buying and selling processes more cumbersome for market players.   Fintech innovation in and of itself cannot absorb the expanding transaction flows in a way that makes it easy for buyers and sellers to trade with confidence in the validity and liquidity of the assets.  Observers have recognized that a decentralized, bank-as-a-service (BaaS) business model can support collaboration between traditional financial institutions and fintech companies to provide the decentralized services needed for the current capital markets.  Meeting The Liquidity Challenge  The financial markets are not presently conducive to asset liquidity, the ability to buy or sell the asset quickly without a significant change in value. Increasing liquidity helps unlock the asset’s value.  Current liquidity challenges include:  1. The high number of asset owners complicates communication and undermines consensus.  2. The high dispersion of assets undermines the understanding of cash flow generated by assets.  3. The time to launch projects that deliver desirable liquidity is time consuming.  4. Entering the financial markets and attracting investments of private entities is difficult and expensive.  5. The process for tracking an asset’s life cycle and its cash flow is overly complex.  6. Legal and accounting expenditures are high for transferring assets for early investors looking to sell at peak profitability.  7. The withdrawal of assets is complex should the terms not be met.  The BANKEX Internet of Assets model provides fintech services without the need for brick-and-mortar institutions. Decentralization and smart contracts provide the trust that banks have historically provided. The model uses APIs and blockchain based processes to provide financial services.  The protocol delivers new business opportunities to asset owners, increases the purchaser’s investment portfolio, and supports transactions between the two groups, benefiting the creators of the tokenization technology.  The goal is to allow current market participants to interact more efficiently and more profitably.  The Internet Of Assets  BANKEX , a protocol that solves the issue of non-fungible asset liquidity, is creating what it calls Internet of Assets (IoA), based on BaaS principles, powered by artificial intelligence and Internet of Things (IoT) technologies.  The BANKEX protocol will enable a new generation of assets and contracts called decentralized capital markets using the proof-of-asset (PoA) protocol, in which a token representing the asset is ensured with an asset.  The BANKEX PoA protocol combines BaaS and blockchain technologies.  BANKEX tokenizes assets on the financial markets and converts them into money for a financial institution. A single pool of similar assets creates a marketplace where banks gain from liquidity and investors benefit from a transparent and predictable cash flow.  This technology also enables financial information to be delivered in real time directly into the blockchain, meeting the rising demand for facilitating liquid assets without facing the administrative procedures of traditional stock market compliance.  PoA will become the industry standard for creating decentralized capital markets.  The BANKEX protocol will be made available to fintech providers, AI and IoT labs, financial institutions and most importantly, asset holders.  Asset Tokenization  Asset tokenization is a key aspect of the BankEx PoA protocol.  Tokenization of assets allows processes that would normally require a third party for verification. Tokenization contains asset description, validation, price calculation, cash flow calculation based on price, automated audit and execution. The tokens, accessible on the blockchain, serve as a gateway to the BANKEX platform.  The BANKEX PoA protocol provides proof that an asset and its cash flows are authentic.  The BANKEX tokenization process involves three entities: 1) the asset owner, 2) the asset purchaser, and 3) the company that creates the tokenization technology.  The platform includes an asset tokenization constructor that works in a sequence of smart contracts, tokenizing an asset with precision and transparency for all market participants, working in tandem with the PoA protocol.  Blockchain tokens can be bought and sold on a decentralized blockchain in less than 10 to 30 minutes, presenting an opportunity to tokenize any asset that currently takes longer than that to sell.  At the present time 10 banks and several leading technology providers, including Microsoft, support BANKEX.  BANKEX  got commitments of $10 million during its private presale, while an additional $1.5 million was raised during the pre-ICO stage.  Token sale date is November 28th.  
INCREASE	   Decentralized Classified Advertisement: UTRUST and SOMA Aim to Unleash the Power of the Blockchain Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story.  Decentralised ledger technology and cryptocurrencies have equipped us to challenge almost every other industry dominated by big players and their consolidation tactics. There is a clear lack of progress and innovation and the reason is the monopolization of many industries, which makes it difficult for new players to enter the market. Classified advertisement is one of these in dustries. Big names like Amazon and eBay have consolidated and dominated, forcing fiat currencies to be the only mode of payment.  This could all change, as we are now entering the golden era of blockchain technology and borderless instant transaction. Blockchain-based services remove geographical barriers and help bring back competition and a level playing field by removing the role of third-parties. We now have two extremely innovative start-ups joining hands to challenge the current order.  SOMA, a blockchain based social marketing company is now joining hands with UTRUST, a cryptocurrency payment solution company. This will bring the benefits of blockchain and introduce decentralization-based improvements in an industry that has resisted advancements for a long time. But how do they intend to do that?   In order to understand that, we need to know more about what these start-ups are working on the first place.   SOMA is a decentralized social marketplace that has an innovative edge over its bigger rivals. They are working on the classified industry model and are coming up with amazing revelations  of their own. UTRUST, on the other hand, is a cryptocurrency payment solution company with a revolutionary buyer protection mechanism for e-commerce and other applications.  Together, these two start-ups aim to develop a comprehensive portal that is safer, easier to use and is backed with a cryptocurrency payment solution as robust as UTRUST’s. But, how do we make one that actually works?  It is like a space program, which seems simple enough at a normal user level, but as soon as you get to know about the technical difficulties involved, you see the considerable challenges involved in implementing it in real life.  The good news is that both of these companies are proving their worth, even if in an individual capacity right now. SOMA has a blockchain social marketplace that allows the removal of third-parties from your classified ads requirements and brings you directly in contact with your client, which will reduce costs, increase trust, and streamline operations.  UTRUST provides a cryptocurrency payment solution in which cryptocurrencies are used as payment option, but the seller receives the money in fiat currency. This approach can reduce the risk associated with the cryptocurrency payments due to their sheer volatility. UTRUST’s buyer protection is also the first universally-scalable model that is in working condition right now. If s uccessful, crypto users can now pay with bitcoin without the fear of any bitcoin-centered buyer protection wipe out their profit margins.  You are also free to pay with the cryptocurrency of your choice. With a buyer protection mechanism in place, it looks like these guys are on right track when it comes to using cryptocurrencies in marketplaces.   Right now, people are less comfortable receiving or sending cryptocurrency in e-commerce related transactions because of volatility. SOMA and UTRUST are about to change that.  So, both SOMA and UTRUST are going to be partners if a viable alternative can be found for the centralized marketplaces that have created a lot of problems in the current trading atmosphere. Buckle up Amazon and eBay! You are next!  About SOMA:  Soma  is an Ethereum blockchain-based social marketplace that leverages social capital through its rewarding system and utilizes blockchain technology to create a decentralized ecosystem that incentivizes its community members to perform value-adding services for the benefit of the community as a whole.  About UTRUST:  UTRUST  is the world’s first cryptocurrency payments platform to implement consumer protections on a mass scale. The company is building a global PayPal–like payments platform with extensive cryptocurrency support.  UTRUST’s end goal is to provide all the benefits of fast, secure, convenient, and inexpensive cryptocurrency transactions, in tandem with the world’s first cryptocurrency payment protections, which consumers need to fully embrace blockchain technology en masse.  SOMA and UTRUST are the sources of this content. Virtual currency is not legal tender, is not backed by the government, and accounts and value balances are not subject to consumer protections. This press release is for informational purposes only. The information does not constitute investment advice or an offer to invest.  
INCREASE	   Professional Grade Cryptocurrency Trading Platform Alttradex is Launching an ICO Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN does not endorse the company, product or service mentioned in the content below and urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence.  Promising new cryptocurrency trading platform, Alttradex, has announced its ICO will take place from the 25 th  of October to the 5th of December. A state of the art platform built by traders, for traders and with upcoming regulation in mind, Alttradex ’ s ICO will not only enable them to raise funds for ongoing development and marketing but it will also enable them to build a community of traders from day one and therefor generate revenue at an early stage.  In in the latter stage of obtaining a licence that would enable them to have a strong input on regulations in that jurisdiction, Alttradex believes in working with the reg ulators rather than against them.  The cryptocurrency space is evolving at a tremendous pace and providing adequate tools to manage one ’ s cryptocurrency portfolio is becoming increasingly important.  With the ability to process 1M+ transactions per second and to grab liquidity from a number of other platforms, the Alttradex platform will enable traders to trade their coins 24/7, from anywhere in the world, without seeing big drops in liquidity in the coins they want to trade.  The Alttradex team put a heavy focus on customer support, therefore the platform will be structured with 24h rotating support teams in order to provide a seamless customer experience because, while it means considerable investment, it is vital for customers to receive a response to their queries within 24h. As the cryptocurrency becomes more mainstream it is essential that the platforms that connect customers to cryptocurrencies operate in a professional manner and that customers are given a service that is up to scratch, which is generally not the case at the moment.  The Alttradex ICO is scheduled for the 25th of October and will end on the 5 th  of December. Early ICO participants will benefit from a 20% bonus until the first $1M dollars of ATXT tokens are sold. The Alttradex ICO is structured as a revenue sharing model and contributors will receive Alttradex tokens in return for their Ethereum contributions. The token is based on the ERC20 protocol and there is an 18 month team lockup coded into the smart contract, ensuring all interests are aligned.  Exchanges are at the forefront of the growth in the cryptocurrency world, without them customers and potential customers will exit or never enter the market. It is essential that new professional platforms emerge in order for the cryptocurrency market to grow exponentially.  There is a real chance for competent platforms to become household names over the next 5 to 10 years, Alttradex aims to be one of them.  More information about the Alttradex platform as well as the ICO is available on the official site:  www.alttradex.com  
INCREASE	   Confideal Brings UI for Creating Smart Contracts for Everyday Users Without Coding Skills Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story.  Blockchain platform, Confideal has emerged to bridge the gap between the smaller circle of computer programmers and coders who understand the inner workings of blockchain technology, and their regular counterparts representing the larger population of everyday users.   The growth of user interfaces  Certain sectors of the blockchain ecosystem have already found user interface implementation, and this has boosted their adoption and application by the wider society to a very large extent. For instance, exchanges are popular nowadays because of their services as payment gateways that are enabling the public buy, store and spend their Bitcoins and cryptocurrencies effectively.   Innovations like the crypto debit cards are also becoming popular with most crypto gateways as elements that will bridge the gap between traditional systems and the emerging new world of the blockchain.  Smart contracts are already popular  Ethereum smart contracts are quickly becoming the darling of the blockchain community. It is finding implementation in numerous ways by many emerging startups.   In its most basic form,  Smart contracts are self-executing contracts with the terms of the agreement between the parties involved being directly written into lines of code. The code and the agreements contained therein exist across a distributed, decentralized blockchain network.  These enable the automatic execution of the terms of a contract once it is set in motion without further interference of any of the parties involved or an external party.  Traditionally, drafting and enforcing deals is constantly associated with the onerous need to involve third-party intermediary like banks, lawyers, and escrows which takes both time and money, especially when dealing with overseas partners. Smart contract technology eliminates  administrative and legal barriers but requires programming skills to draft digital contracts powered by Blockchain on the daily basis.  A product for everyone  So far, most smart contracts that are built on the blockchain have required the services of experts who are well knowledgeable in the writing of codes and other blockchain technicalities. Even though this is usually normal whenever there is an innovation, for blockchain to achieve the expected adoption into the mainstream and become the universal solution that it promises, there must be avenues that will permit regular individuals to find easy application of the technology.  To this end, blockchain startup,  Confideal  is providing a simple interface that requires no programming skills to create and deploy smart contracts in the Ethereum blockchain environment  Confideal is a visual smart contract builder that makes creating, managing and enforcing smart contracts as easy as never. Confideal enables users with no coding skills to create an enforceable, self-executing and secure digital agreement powered by Ethereum for all types of transactions. In-built arbitration module allows resolving disputes in the Confideal environment picking the top rated arbiters without any need to reveal your personal data.  The platform offers a full stack of tools necessary to create, maintain and fulfill agreements, resolve disputes in one comprehensive environment arbitration module, owing to which users may easily access top-rated arbiters to resolve any disputes arising from the smart contract.   With a simple interface that requires no programming skills to create and deploy smart contracts in the Ethereum blockchain environment, this platform will essentially eliminate most of the overheads involved in employing external parties during development.  Other benefits of the Confideal platform  In order to achieve full control of projects, the Confideal smart contract development platform will enable users to achieve the following:  Easy and accessible platform eliminates need in coding  Data is encrypted and protected by Ethereum blockchain that guarantees the immutability of the terms of the deal, when no personal information is revealed even in the process of arbitration  In-built arbitration module with best arbiters and unbiased rating. Arbiter is a qualified third-party legal firm or professional, chosen as an arbiter to resolve a dispute on Confideal platform  Smart contract management option gives full control over the transaction (e. g. to close the deal, break it, set up fines and down payments, etc)  The use of cryptocurrencies eliminates all barriers to payment, no need in an intermediary, resulting in the lower cost  As blockchain technologies moves towards achieving mainstream adoption, a fundamental element that will hasten this process and establish its stability is the application of user interface.  With Confideal as a visual smart contract builder, it is clear that the emerging technology is moving in the right direction.  
INCREASE	   Dubai Financial Regulator Issues ICO Warning Twitter  A financial markets regulator in Dubai has joined a growing list of authorities around the world to issue a warning on initial coin offerings (ICOs).  The Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA), the financial regulator of a purpose-built international financial free zone in Dubai, has drawn attention to token sales by urging investors to be wary of ‘unique risks’ inherent in ICOs.  “These offerings should be regarded as high-risk investments” the regulator stated.  Notably, the DFSA added that it had not regulated nor licensed any entities in the financial zone. It wrote:  The DFSA would like to make it clear it does not currently regulate these types of product offerings or license firms in the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) To undertake such activities.  The statement also recommended potential investors to practice due diligence with caution to understand the risks involved in a token sale. Notably, however, the statement made no mention of regulating token sales as a method of fundraising. A recent notice from Thailand’s securities regulator pointed to such a possibility wherein the authority  saw the potential  of ICOs as a significant new form of raising finance for new startups.  The DFSA warning comes despite the financial regulator  adopting a FinTech-forward agenda  to foster and encourage innovation in financial technologies in the region.  Elsewhere, regulators from  Hong Kong  and the  United States  have released statements about classifying ICOs as securities, a move which would subject them to securities laws and regulations by authorities.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   China Bitcoin Exchange Ban to Extend to OTC Trading, Maybe Mining: WSJ Twitter  The Chinese government is moving to extend the bitcoin exchange ban to over-the-counter (OTC) trading and potentially even mining.  Bitcoin Exchange Ban to Extend to OTC Trading  According to a  Wall Street Journal report , Beijing officials told several bitcoin industry executives that peer-to-peer trading would not be tolerated during a closed-door meeting held last Friday. This  contradicts earlier reports , which suggested that regulators would allow OTC trading platforms to continue to operate normally despite the crackdown on centralized order-book exchanges.  Additionally, Bitcoin Core developer BTCDrak shared an unverified report that regulators were planning to block the websites for foreign exchanges such as Bithumb, Coinbase, and Bitfinex, as well as OTC platform LocalBitcoins. Blockstream CSO Samson Mow  tweeted  that he believes the report has a high probability of being true.   (Unverified) report that China is trying to block bitcoin exchanges and p2p network in China by GFW  @cnLedger   pic.twitter.com/GSyyWHFQhj  — ฿tcDrak (@btcdrak)  September 16, 2017   These reports shed new light on OTC platform BitKan’s decision to  suspend peer-to-peer trading  last week. Like BTCC, Huobi, OKCoin, and other order-book exchanges, BitKan –which the company previously boasted was the most popular OTC platform in the country –cited the central bank ruling that initial coin offerings (ICOs) were illegal. At the time, the move was puzzling, since all signs indicated peer-to-peer trading would continue. Now, however, it appears BitKan acted preemptively to preserve other aspects of its business, including its wallet service.  In response to the closure of CNY deposits on Chinese exchanges, LocalBitcoins experienced a surge in CNY exchanges last week, helping the global OTC platform set a weekly record in volume (although CNY volume itself did not set a record). Now, it appears China will attempt to extinguish this on/off ramp to the crypto markets, too.  Chart from Coin Dance  This may be due to the fact that Chinese traders have already begun  moving to Japanese exchanges , enabling Tokyo-based bitFlyer ’s BTC/JPY pair to become the second-largest bitcoin trading pair at the time of writing.  Will China Ban Mining?  Reports of a more comprehensive crackdown have led to speculation that Chinese regulators will issue shutdown orders to miners. Chinese exchanges only comprise about 10-15% of overall trading volume, but they account for nearly 65% of the total bitcoin hashrate. Some have suggested that miners can use virtual private networks (VPNs) to bypass China ’s  “Great Firewall, ” but one industry insider told the Wall Street Journal that  “Using VPNs as a workaround will be difficult. ”  ViaBTC CEO Haipo Yang put it more bluntly:   Technically, China can 't ban bitcoin traffic, we have our own sync network. But if China gov say mining is illegal, we are fucked.  — Haipo Yang (@yhaiyang)  September 17, 2017   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Accepted: South Africa ’s 2nd Largest Retailer Tests Payments Twitter  South Africa ’s second-largest supermarket chain store, Pick n Pay, recently started accepting bitcoin in one of its stores, according to  an announcement  made by payments software development firm Electrum.  The goal is to, presumably, test how Pick n Pay’s customers react to the cryptocurrency so the supermarket chain can eventually start accepting it in all of its locations across South Africa. Pick n Pay is also present in other countries, including Zimbabwe, Lesotho, Namibia, Mozambique and Zambia – if all of its stores started accepting bitcoin, it would be one of the cryptocurrency’s largest wins in Africa.  The announcement clarifies that customers at the store, at Pick n Pay’s head office campus, have been able to use the cryptocurrency for limited time. Dave Glass, MD at Electrum, the company that provided the payments platform for the transactions, stated:  “We’ve worked closely with PnP for several years as a key technology provider. Our mission is to support innovative enterprises like Pick n Pay, and together we use the advanced Electrum software-as-a-service technology to move quickly on new opportunities, whilst at the same time delivering the best possible shopping experience.”  The necessary bitcoin infrastructure for the POS system was provided by South African-based startup  Luno , which already facilitated bitcoin transactions in the country. Jason Peisl, an executive and Pick n Pay, stated that one of the company’s key values is to embrace, change, and encourage innovation and leadership. As such, the company is always “working with our technology partners to find ways in which we can deliver valuable, innovative services to our customers.”  Although bitcoiners might see this as a breakthrough, it’s clear that, for now, the supermarket chain is just testing the option to see how customers react. Whether or not Pick n Pay will decide to enable bitcoin payments in all of its stores, is up to South African bitcoiners.  At the selected Pick n Pay store in which bitcoin is now accepted, the payment process is as easy as scanning a QR code, as shown in the video provided by Electrum in its announcement:   News of Pick n Pay’s move comes as bitcoin’s price is seemingly recovering from China’s crackdown, as  exchanges and experts remain optimistic  on what’s ahead for the cryptocurrency ecosystem.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Russian Central Bank Officials Question Plans to Legalize Cryptocurrency Twitter  The future of cryptocurrency in  Russia  remains uncertain, with central bank officials raising questions about legalizing it, according to  Bloomberg .  Elvira Nabiullina, governor of Russia’s central bank, told a banking congress in Sochi Thursday it is uncertain that the country should legalize cryptocurrency.  Dmitry Skobelkin, the bank’s deputy governor, compared cryptocurrencies to a pyramid scheme, noting China’s decision this month to ban ICOs. Speaking at the same congress, he also said China does not recognize cryptocurrency as a form of payment. Skobelkin met with Chinese central bank officials earlier in the week.  Bank Officials Echo Jamie Dimon  The Russian bank officials’ comments echoed the views of Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase  & Co., who said Tuesday the bitcoin bubble was “worse than tulip bulbs.”  Anton Siluanov, Russia’s finance minister, wants to regulate rather than restrict cryptocurrencies.  Russia’s government plans to legalize and regulate cryptocurrencies as securities, Siluanov said last week. Support for cryptocurrencies has increased since President Vladimir Putin met with Vitalik Buterin, the founder of Ethereum, in June. Putin supports efforts to develop blockchain technology.  The Bank of Russia’s opposition could compromise attempts to legalize domestic use of cryptocurrencies.  China’s central bank ordered a halt to ICOs, which have raised at least $1.25 billion worldwide. Investors who have participated in at least 65 projects by mid July could be affected by China ’s recent actions. China also closed domestic trading cryptocurrency platforms.  Also read:  ‘No sense in banning crytocurrencies, ’ says Russia ’s finance minister  Projects Continue Despite Uncertainty  Some Russian cryptocurrency projects continue to move forward despite the uncertainty. Dmitry Marinichev, the president’s Internet ombudsman, co-owns a company that recently announced plans to raise $100 million in an ICO to fund a domestic cryptocurrency mining operation.  Sberbank PJSC, the largest Russian bank, is exploring having cryptocurrency accounts at its Swiss unit, according to Tass. The report attributed the information to Igor Bulantsev, head of Sberbank CIB.  According to plans recently announced by Siluanov , individuals or firms looking to buy virtual currencies will have to register under soon-to-be-enforced laws that will also detail a procedure for buying bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. The purchase of cryptocurrencies would be treated akin to buying securities under new laws currently being worked on by the finance ministry.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Crypto Executives See Silver Lining in China ’s Ban of Bitcoin Exchanges Twitter  China’s plan to ban crypto exchanges  delivered a blow to cryptocurrency prices, but not all crypto executives are shuddering. Despite the facts that Shanghai has ordered exchanges within its jurisdiction to close and Shanghai-based BTCC’s plan to suspend trading by the end of September.  As of Thursday, Sept. 14, BTC/CNY had dropped to $3,251 on BTCC, $3,362 on OKCoin, and $3,321 on Huobi. This forced the global average bitcoin price down.  But as Chinese financial regulators finalized the nationwide ban on exchanges by providing leeway to OKCoin and Huobi, the two largest exchanges in  China , to operate until the end of October, bitcoin price rebounded from $2,900 to $3,850.  Bitcoin Price Stabilizes  Over the past two days, after its initial surge, bitcoin price has remained relatively stable at around $3,580.  Local financial regulators in China clarified that they do not intend to ban bitcoin as a whole and some analysts in Beijing expect the bitcoin exchange ban to be temporary until the Peoples Bank of China releases a licensing program for trading platforms.  Some speculate that if Chinese President Xi Jinping becomes re-elected  in November of 2017, President Xi, who is widely known as an avid advocate for free markets, could indirectly encourage local financial regulators to re-enable bitcoin trading and other cryptocurrency-related activities such as ICOs.  Regardless of China ’s current regulatory activity, some crypto exchange executives point out that despite the immediate impact of regulation on crypto markets, crypto is more resilient than traditional equities since it is not interconnected with unknown counterparties. Some claim that ultimately, crypto will show that regulatory activity cannot impact crypto ’s growth long term.  A Silver Lining In Regulation  “Already, we’ve seen about $60 billion in value wiped from the peak earlier this month, but there is a silver lining that may be hard to see through the clouds: regulators are starting to provide some clarity, and even if new rules aren’t ideal, they’re better than the uncertainty of potentially inferior regulation,” said Rob Viglione, co-founder of ZenCash, a privacy coin for  borderless, decentralized communications and transactions.  “This comes after a recent regulatory ban in China of ICOs and JPMorgan’s Jamie Dimon calling bitcoin a ‘fraud’ that is set to ‘blow up,’” Viglione said.  “The big question is whether this shock is already internalized into asset prices, or if there’s risk of a continued cascading sell-off,” he said. “One good thing about crypto markets is that they are largely equity-based, and not massively interconnected webs of leveraged derivatives with unknown counterparties, as is the norm in modern banking.”  China’s ICO ban and the cessation of trading have a much smaller marginal contribution to systemic risk to cryptocurrencies than what has plagued large financial institutions like Dimon’s JPMorgan, Viglione said.  Also read:  Why prominent bitcoin researchers perceive Chinese exchange ban positively  Decentralization Can ’t Be Stopped  “For those of us in the exchange space, the possibility of governments clamping down on exchanges is a foregone conclusion ever since bitcoin was first noticed by the government,” said Bharath Rao, CEO of Leverj, a decentralized platform for cryptocurrency derivatives trading. “The price is always a solid metric of the markets’ greed and fear, and reflects regulatory uncertaint y at the moment. This also signals that development of non-custodial and decentralized models will accelerate.”  Rao said regulation is neither necessary nor possible for decentralized models, and the future may have gotten just a bit brighter by nudging the crypto community to develop high-speed, non-custodial exchanges.  Jason English, vice president of protocol marketing at Sweetbridge, a global alliance seeking to use blockchain to create a liquid supply chain, thinks China has too much at stake with cryptocurrency to try to eliminate it..  “China is practically building a cottage industry for mining and exchanging bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, so it is hard to believe that they intend to exit a market with so much potential upside,” said  English. “Even the apparent ban on ICOs seemed to be more of a stopgap in order to get some policies in place. If anything, this example shows the volatility of the space  and that some market makers can likely take advantage of an unclear news cycle to create a sell-off and buy back opportunity.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Soars Toward $4,000 During $15 Billion Market Rally Twitter  The crypto markets continued to recover on Monday, climbing as much as $15 billion to cross the $130 billion threshold. The bitcoin price headlined the advance with an 8% leap across the $3,800 barrier, while the ethereum price surged more than 15%. Ultimately an astonishing 97 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies experienced positive movement for the day.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  This renewed confidence among traders likely stems from the emergence of Japan as a major player in the global crypto markets. As CCN has  reported , many major Chinese traders have already moved to Japanese exchanges, even though OKCoin and Huobi  will continue to operate  until the end of October. It is becoming clear that if China ’s bitcoin exchange ban is permanent, it will be China who suffers –not bitcoin.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  After beginning the day just under $120 billion, the crypto market cap steadily climbed leading into Monday morning. It briefly crossed $135 billion, although it has since experienced a slight taper. At present, the combined market cap of all cryptocurrencies is about $133 billion.  Bitcoin Price Soars Past $3,800  Some industry observers expected that the bitcoin price would level out at our below the $3,000 threshold, at least in the short term. However, bitcoin is defying those predictions, as Monday ’s 8% bump demonstrates. After beginning the day close to $3,500, the bitcoin price has surged about $300, raising it to a present value of $3,812. BTC/USD is trading above $3,900 on Bitfinex, GDAX, and Bitstamp, and the global average bitcoin price is now less than $200 away from the psychologically-significant $4,000 mark. Altogether, this translates into a market cap of $63.2 billion.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Another positive development is the continued rise of over-the-counter cryptocurrency trading. Last week, LocalBitcoins –a platform that connects individuals looking to buy and sell bitcoin for fiat currency –set a 7-day record of about $72 million. Much of this increase came from Chinese residents who are no longer able to make CNY deposits on local order-book exchanges.  Chart from Coin Dance  Ethereum Price Climbs to $275  The ethereum price climbed 16% on Monday, giving it the best 24-hour performance among coins in the top 5. This rally –which comes as ethereum prepares to begin deploying its Metropolis protocol upgrade –raised the ethereum price to $278. Ethereum now has a market cap of $26.3 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Altcoins Join the Advance  The early-week rally reverberated throughout the altcoin markets, enabling 97 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies to post single-day advances.  Altcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  After beginning the day near $400, the bitcoin cash price surged 13% to $453, raising its market cap above $7.5 billion.  Bitcoin Cash Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The Ripple posted a 6% gain, while the litecoin price edged past $50 following its 8% bump. Dash and NEM both posted double-digit advances, climbing 12% and 13%, respectively. This raised NEM ’s market cap back across the $2 billion mark. The IOTA price surged by 22%, giving it the best return of any top 10 cryptocurrency; IOTA is now trading at $0.576. The Monero price climbed 6%, but this was not enough to push XMR over the $100 barrier. OmiseGO rounded out the top 10 with a 14% climb, which was sufficient to hold off challenges from NEO and ethereum classic.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Surges to $4,040, Records $440 Increase as Market Recover From China Ban Twitter  On September 18, bitcoin price surged from $3,600 to $4,040, recording a 13 percent increase within the past 24 hours as global markets stabilized.   All major regional markets including Japan, the US, China and South Korea demonstrated increase in demand from traders, as bitcoin price rose by over 10 percent on every bitcoin exchange market globally. Chinese news sources including CnLedger revealed that cryptocurrency traders are purchasing bitcoin and Ethereum with high premiums, further increasing the price of bitcoin in the Chinese market.   More to that, although fiat deposits on major platforms including OKCoin and Huobi were halted on September 15, CnLedger revealed that traders made several bulk purchases of bitcoin over the past few days, with one trader purchasing more than 17,000 bitcoins through a single order.   The continuous rise in demand toward bitcoin in the Chinese market despite the crackdown on bitcoin exchanges and trading platforms is important to acknowledge because earlier today, the Wall Street Journal reported that the Chinese government is preparing a nationwide ban on bitcoin as a whole. While the National Internet Finance Association of China (NIFA) announced last week that the government does not intend to ban the usage of bitcoin, China-based WSJ reporters  noted  that rumors on the potential imposition of stricter regulations and policies on bitcoin have begun to recirculate.  Yet, regardless of the rumors and the likelihood of Chinese financial regulators implementing stricter policies on bitcoin usage in the upcoming months, the global bitcoin exchange market is demonstrating an increase in demand toward bitcoin because traders have started to recognize the minimal impact of the Chinese bitcoin exchange market over the global bitcoin market.  On September 17, Japan officially took over the US market to become the largest bitcoin exchange market in the world with a staggering 50.7 percent market share of the global bitcoin exchange market. Japan still remains as the largest bitcoin market with 47.5 percent market share, approximately twice of the market share of the US.  As China isolates itself from the global bitcoin industry, exchanges, trading platforms, traders, investors and users will simply move over to Japan and South Korea. Markets will quickly stabilize and bitcoin price will be en route to achieving new all-time highs. As prominent venture capitalist Chamath Palihapitiya said on CNBC’s Fast Money:  “What countries can constrain today is how it [bitcoin] is effectively traded but it cannot be controlled. It is a fundamentally distributed system that exists peer to peer. And so to the extent that you can basically eliminate the will and the actions of every single person in the world, you can eliminate it. But in the absence of that, the genie is fundamentally out of the bottle.”  The Japanese, South Korean and American bitcoin exchange markets are evolving at a rapid rate, with many US-based exchanges including Gemini and Coinbase providing efficient and robust infrastructures for institutional and retail investors. More to that, as global markets continue to demonstrate volatility due to the growing conflict between North Korea and the US, demand toward bitcoin as a safe haven asset and long-term investment will only rise further.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   AlloyCoin  – the Newest Cryptocurrency Uses an Asset Reserve to Guarantee Value Twitter  This is a sponsored story.  Decentralization, one of the key features of cryptocurrencies, has also proven to be one of its chief deficiencies. With value determined entirely by supply and demand, most cryptocurrencies are prone to high volatility, which in turn has discouraged their use as currency.  Enter AlloyCoin, a cryptocurrency built with a currency reserve to maintain a supply of assets to guarantee the buy back of AlloyCoins when market prices fall or when the market is oversaturated with coins.  While all blockchains use consensus to protect against attacks, none are designed to protect their currency against price volatility.  Because Alloy Reserve represents AlloyCoin as its central agency, the reserve can market and bring it to the masses. This ability to proactively market the cryptocurrency marks a significant benefit over other cryptocurrencies. Alloy Reserve can work to deliver a product that is stable, easy to use and a viable alternative to conventional currency.  A Unique Cryptocurrency  Unlike other cryptocurrencies, Alloy Reserve employs full-time developers to improve its usability. This prevents issues that arise from open source projects such as code organization and requiring consensus when it’s time to adapt.  Alloy Reserve employs artificial intelligence scientists to bring the power of machine learning to AlloyCoin. By using intelligent algorithms, Alloy Reserve can simulate market conditions and adapt the reserve ’s investment distribution to make it more resilient to stress.  Unlike other cryptocurrencies, AlloyCoin’s value is not based solely on demand, but by a collection of assets, managed by the reserve, which ensure coin holders can sell their coins for a portion of the value of the reserve ’s assets. These assets are used to determine a floor price for the market value of each AlloyCoin called the “base-price.”  AlloyCoin holders have the assurance of knowing they can sell their coins to the reserve any time they wish for this base-price.  The reserve manages assets that are used to buy back AlloyCoins if market prices fall below the base-price. Any AlloyCoins the reserve collects as the network mines are sold to acquire more assets. The base-price is based on the value of reserve assets and the coins in circulation.  The reserve value will grow over time, from interest on assets and from income generated from business services. Such services will include a mixing service – a mechanism where users can ensure an untraceable transaction – and an anonymous escrow service.  As the reserve expands, the value of each AlloyCoin increases.  A Unique Blockchain  Unlike most blockchains, each block in the AlloyCoin blockchain contains a unique “coinbase” transaction that sends a portion of newly-mined AlloyCoins to the reserve.  In the AlloyCoin blockchain, the reserve is a special node with its own wallet that establishes the reserve rate and the reserve addresses.  In addition to storing AlloyCoins, the reserve maintains the assets in the form of other currencies.  The reserve also collects a percentage of newly-mined coins, then sells these coins to the market at a target price and uses the proceeds to purchase additional assets. The reserve then uses the total value of its assets and the number of coins in circulation, in addition to a portion of future coins, to establish the base-price.  Should the market price for AlloyCoins fall below the base-price, the reserve begins to liquidate the assets using a liquidation schedule and buys back circulating coins at a percentage of the base-price.  The market price for AlloyCoins will not remain below the base-price except in the case of reserve failure, which would occur if the assets become depleted while circulating coins exist. The team has taken a number of precautions to prevent such an occurrence, described in the white paper.  AlloyCoin has a patent pending on its blockchain management system.  In the meantime, the team is looking for individuals with backgrounds in software development, finance and economics, and invites those interested to send a resume.  For investing opportunities, contact  [email  protected] .  
INCREASE	   CombiCoin Aims to Diversify Cryptocurrency Investments with a Single Transaction Twitter  This is a  paid-for sponsored story . CCN does not endorse, nor is responsible for any material included below and isn’t responsible for any damages or losses connected with any products or services mentioned in the press release. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the press release.  The founding company Triaconta wants to minimize the risks of investing in cryptocurrencies with Combicoin to make the cryptocurrency market accessible for a larger audience.    CombiCoin is 100% asset backed by the top 30 cryptocurrencies with the highest market cap.  Because of this, the CombiCoin will not suddenly plunge and investors will have fewer risks when there are major fluctuations.  There are over 1000 cryptocurrencies on the market and together they represent a value of 150 billion USD. But all these coins are very volatile. Eg. The value of bitcoin grew from 1000 to 4000 USD within six months. The value of Ethereum, the second largest cryptocurrency, rose from 150 to 400 USD within 6 months but plunged to 150 USD 4 week later. In the first six months of  2017, the top 30 of cryptocurrencies grew with 1200 percent.  The value of CombiCoin is determent for 3.33 percent by the actual value of each of the top 30 cryptocurrencies. CombiCoin uses the blockchain technology of Ethereum and will be tradable on cryptocurrency exchanges. Through constant monitoring of all exchange rates smart automatic trading software will determine the actual value of CombiCoin and intervene when there is speculat ion. This will guarantee that the price of CombiCoin will always be 100% based on and asset backed by the top 30 of the cryptocurrency market. The assets will also be actively managed to ensure that your investment stays diversified.  Trading in cryptocurrencies comes with high risks, mainly because there is a lot of emotion in the exchange rates. We spread this risk by buying 30 coins at the same time,” explain Don Molenaar and Guust Hilte of Triaconta, whom had success before with their smart projector Beam. Everyone with savings wants to have the highest yield possible, but putting your savings in cryptoc urrency isn’t something you’d do easily because of the risks and the volatile nature of cryptocurrencies. With CombiCoin we address these issues, opening the cryptocurrency market for a larger audience.”  Triaconta launched their Initial Coin Offering (ICO) on the 1st of September and it will stay open until September 30, 2017. For 10 USD the first investors will receive a CombiCoin and a TRIA token. A TRIA token can be compared with a profit share. Fifty percent of all profit generated by the automatic trading software will be distributed amongst TRIA token holders. These token s will also be tradable on exchanges. When the founders raise at least 2,000,000 USD the CombiCoin will be launched. If this minimum target isn’t reached then all funds will be returned to the investors.  For more info:  https://triaconta.com  
INCREASE	   JP Morgan’s Jamie Dimon Labels Bitcoin a “Fraud” Twitter  Noted bitcoin critic and JP Morgan chief executive Jamie DImon has called bitcoin “a fraud” and added that he would fire any employee trading the cryptocurrency.  Banker Dimon was speaking at a banking conference in New York when he made remarks about the world’s most prominent decentralized cryptocurrency. “It’s just not a real thing, eventually it will be closed,” Dimon reportedly stated according to  CNBC .  The banking executive also claimed he would fire any JP Morgan trader engaging in bitcoin activity. “I’d fire them in a second,” he said, in quotes reported by  Bloomberg . “For two reasons, It’s against our rules, and they’re stupid. And both are dangerous.”  Dimon’s dismissive take on bitcoin took a dramatic turn when he added:  It’s worse than tulip bulbs. It won’t end well. Someone is going to get killed.  As reported by CCN in late 2015, Dimon called bitcoin “ a waste of time ” at a time when bitcoin was trading under $400, a tenth of the cryptocurrency’s value today.  The following month at the WEF summit in Davos, Dimon doubled down on his opinion, stating “there’s nothing behind a bitcoin and I think if it was big, the governments would stop it.”  Making another appearance at an investor conference yesterday, Dimon was asked why he thought bitcoin was “a fraud”. His reason remains the same over the years, as Dimon explained:  Governments, first thing they do is form a currency. They like to control the currency. They control it through a central bank. They also like to know who has it, where it is, where it’s going.  Dimon then opined that bitcoin has a purpose – to be used in impoverished economies or draconian states. Or, if you were a drug dealer or a murderer.  If you were in Venezuela or Ecuador or  North Korea  or a bunch of parts like that, or if you were a drug dealer, a murderer, stuff like that, you are better off doing it in bitcoin than U.S. dollars. So there may be a market for that, but it’d be a limited market.  Dimon’s hubris did allow him to admit that his daughter was a bitcoiner. “My daughter bought bitcoin, it went up and now she thinks she’s a genius.”  Featured image from Flickr/ Fortune Live Media .  
INCREASE	   Cryptocurrency Mining Malware on Pace to Infect 2 Million Computers in 2017 Twitter  Cryptocurrency mining malware is on pace to infect more than 2 million computers in 2017, according to a new analysis of telemetry data from Kaspersky Labs.  The  report , which was published by technical support site Bleeping Computer, says that more than 1.65 million computers became infected with cryptocurrency mining malware during the first nine months of the year.  Chart from BleepingComputer | Data from Kaspersky Labs  According to data from Kaspersky Labs, the number of infected computers has increased significantly every year. In 2013 –when bitcoin first gained sustained mainstream media attention –only 205,000 computers were infected. The number continued to climb in subsequent years, even as the crypto market cap waned. Last year, these cyber attacks reached an all-time high of 1.8 million as the markets began a sustained advance. If the current pace continues, more than 2.3 million computers will have been infected by the end of the year.  Cyberattackers rely on vast networks of computers –known as botnets –that they are able to control without the owners ’ knowledge. They often run the mining software in the background, leaving computer owners with little indication that their computers have been infected, other than a decrease in performance.  One high-profile malware attack  infected Linux-based servers  that were placed online without password protection, while another attack –concentrated in Poland – mined bitcoin  using the processors in victims ’ computers. Earlier this year, researchers discovered a  mining botnet  that included hundreds of thousands of Windows computers.  The report states that Monero and Zcash are attackers ’ cryptocurrencies of choice. This should not be surprising, since both coins offer users anonymous transactions, and privacy is key if one wishes to discretely sell his ill-gotten coins on an exchange.  Of course, the rise in cryptocurrency cybercrime is not limited to mining malware. A recent  report  from blockchain-tracing firm Chainalysis revealed that from June to August of this year, cybercriminals netted more than $125 million in Ethereum-related attacks alone. The majority of these attacks are deployed through phishing scams, although exploits comprise a significant minority.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
INCREASE	   This Scammer Has Netted Over $100,000 In Ether Twitter  CCN has uncovered an ICO scammer going around various Slack groups for ICO-funded efforts and scamming them by offering “special rates” on tokens and a “ special contract address ,” all the transactions of which can be downloaded  here  or for updated data, from which you ’ll have to do your own math, go  here .     By the time of writing, Etherscan had picked up on the problem by labeling the address Fake_Phishing58.   The tactic used by this scammer is impersonating developer teams, as shown above, and offering “special rates” for a new token sale. The tactic is called phishing and it’s as old as cryptocurrencies themselves. Once the Ether is sent, it’s too late, and unfortunately, if people followed the directions they’re unlikely to get their Ether returned. We didn ’t even look at the additional addresses used.  One wonders who is really responsible here. Is it the scammer, who is just doing what scammers do? Is it the consumer, who should know better? Is it the real developer teams, who should inform the consumers of what’s going down? 0X project, shown above, has not mentioned the scammer in their  Twitter feed  nor their  blog .  The real problem is that with each successive scam, people get the impression that it is more legitimate if they are not forewarned. For instance, the alternative Ethereum block explorer  Etherchain  does not have any sort of scam warning, and there are still others. People in crypto can be impulsive when it comes to investment opportunities, so we hope this warning helps.  Scammers are going to scam. That’s just the way it is, and some things will never change, but hopefully if the reader spreads the word, people will stop sending Ether to this address, at least, and be wary of similar scams in the future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   ‘No Sense in Banning Cryptocurrencies’, Says Russia’s Finance Minister  Twitter  Russia’s finance minister has revealed plans to regulate the use of cryptocurrencies in the country, rather than ban them, by the end of the year.  Speaking at a financial forum in Moscow, Russian finance minister Anton Siluanov revealed the government’s significantly-shifting stance on regulatory and legal future of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin in the country. After years of Russian authorities preparing drafts to outlaw and even criminalize adoption and mining of cryptocurrencies, Russia is now pressing ahead with plans  for regulating and, in effect, legalizing cryptocurrencies in the Russian Federation.  As quoted by  Reuters , Siluanov stated:  The state understands indeed that cryptocurrencies are real. There is no sense in banning them, there is a need to regulate them.  Individuals or firms looking to buy virtual currencies will have to register themselves under soon-to-be-enforced laws that will also detail a procedure for buying bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, Siluanov added. Further, the purchase of cryptocurrencies would be treated akin to buying securities under the new laws currently being worked on by the Finance Ministry.  The finance official also warned investors of volatility in cryptocurrencies The ministry will work toward to “make investments into such instruments regulated,” Siluanov revealed. “We must make an organized market out of the black market.”  While developments toward regulation gather pace, it remains to be seen if cryptocurrencies gain the status of  currencies  in Russia. Earlier in May this year, the governor of Russia’s central bank claimed bitcoin would be  regulated as a “digital asset”  rather than being considered a currency. Following those comments, the central bank’s deputy chairwoman revealed the bank’s involvement in drafting legislation to legally recognize and monitor cryptocurrencies as well as  taxing  adopters.  Russian authorities  first revealed plans  to recognize and regulate bitcoin in April this year, when deputy finance minister Alexei Moiseev spoke about the government’s intention to keep an eye on bitcoin transactions.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Chinese Agency: Bitcoin Exchanges Lack ‘Legal’ Basis; Ban to Follow? Twitter  The National Internet Finance Association of China (NIFA) has issued a  statement  condemning bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as a tool for illegal activities. Claiming that Chinese bitcoin exchanges have no legal foundation to operate within the country, the agency warns its members against operating or using cryptocurrency exchanges.  NIFA: Bitcoin Exchanges Lack  ‘Legal ’ Basis  The self-regulatory agency, which was established by the People ’s Bank of China (PBoC), stated that the “financial and social risks [of bitcoin exchanges] cannot be ignored.”  According to a rough translation of the NIFA statement, the agency alleges that investors incur financial losses because they “blindly follow the trend of speculation”and fail to understand that cryptocurrencies “lack a clear basis”for their valuation.  The statement further claims that it is “noteworthy”that cryptocurrency “is becoming a tool for money laundering” and other illegal activity:  It is noteworthy that the so-called  “virtual currency ” is becoming a tool for money laundering, drug trafficking, smuggling, illegal fund-raising and other criminal activities, investors should be vigilant and found that criminal clues should be reported immediately.  The statement concludes by warning NIFA members to follow the national laws. Ominously, the agency suggests that this obligation prohibits them from operating or interacting with centralized bitcoin exchanges.  China Internet Finance Association calls on: Member units should fulfill their commitment to industry self-regulatory conventions, strictly abide by national laws and regulations, do not participate in any of the so-called  “virtual currency ” related to the concentration of transactions or services for such transactions, take the initiative to resist any illegal Illegal financial activities.  Is a PBoC Bitcoin Exchange Ban Imminent?  That an agency with ties to the PBoC would issue such a bold statement about bitcoin exchanges should be viewed as an ominous sign. Two weeks ago, NIFA published a  similar declaration  about initial coin offerings (ICOs). A week later, the PBoC  ruled  that ICOs are illegal activities. Rumors have been swirling for the past week that regulators will shutter bitcoin exchanges, and industry leaders have revealed that credible –though unnamed –sources have privately  confirmed  the rumors are true.  This regulatory uncertainty has caused the markets to careen downwards. Within the past 24 hours, both bitcoin and ethereum have reached September lows.  Image from Shutterstockll     
INCREASE	   Swiss Town Will Accept Bitcoin for Tax Payments in 2018 Twitter  Come January 2018, the Swiss municipality of Chiasso will allow residents to pay their taxes in bitcoin.  Announced  by the town’s municipal website, the decision to accept bitcoin payments took shape after Chiasso mayor Bruno Arrigoni met with cryptocurrency experts and blockchain companies, as well as local entrepreneurs, from the region.  The city’s municipality will accept payments of up to 250 Swiss Francs (approx. $260) in bitcoin as a part of the scheme.  In roughly translated statements, Mayor Arrigoni said:  Chiasso is recognized internationally as the epicenter of a growing technological and economic growth for both the canton and in Switzerland. In the last few months, 8 startups have chosen to establish their headquarters in Chiasso.  The limit exceeds that of the 200 Swiss Francs enforced by  Zug , a lakeside town commonly referred to as Switzerland’s ‘Crypto Vallet’ in the country’s north. Chiasso, now branding itself as “CryptoPolis”, is aiming to center itself as an alternative destination to Zug’s Crypto Valley. Zug, which  allows citizens  to pay with bitcoin for municipality services, does not accept the cryptocurrency for tax payments.  According to one  report , Zug has received over 40 bitcoin payments since July 1, 2016, a feat that has exceeded the authorities’ expectations.  In joining the arena of competing cantons (federal states) in Switzerland, the federal state of Ticino could soon see its  very own digital currency  if two local computer scientists had their way.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Ethereum Price Plunges to Two-Month Low as Market Turns Sour Twitter  The crypto markets took a bearish turn on Wednesday, as 98 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies experienced price decreases. The ethereum price was not immune to this movement, and it has pulled back to a two-month low.  Ethereum Price Plunges to Two-Month Low  The etheruem price was  expected to increase  leading up to the release of Metropolis, its latest protocol upgrade. The first phase of this upgrade is set to take place in latter September, so there was speculation that the ethereum price would challenge its all-time high if the markets continued their uptrend or at least remained stable.  Unfortunately, this has not been the case. First, traders initiated at sell-off when bitcoin approached $5,000. This corrective wave dropped the ethereum price from $390 to $350. Before the markets could attempt a recovery, the People ’s Bank of China (PBoC)  ruled  that initial coin offerings were illegal. The ensuing  flash crash  forced the ethereum price below $300, although it quickly recovered to about $330. A few days later,  unconfirmed reports  that the PBoC was preparing to  move against bitcoin exchanges  began to surface. This pushed the ethereum price lower still, this time to $290. When no ban came, the markets began to rally, and ethereum advanced past $310 on September 12.  But this progress was short-lived. Tuesday afternoon, industry leaders including Charlie Lee and Bruce Fenton  publicly stated  that credible –though unnamed –sources had told them that the PBoC bitcoin exchange ban rumors were true.  ETH Price Chart from Bitfinex  The markets immediately turned sour, and every major cryptocrurrency began to decline. The bitcoin price dropped close to $3,800 –it ’s lowest point since August. Ethereum ’s trajectory was even worse; it fell 12% to about $265. This brings the ethereum price to a two-month low and reduced its market cap to about $25 billion.  ETH Trading Volume Chart from CoinMarketCap  The downturn affected U.S., European, and Chinese exchanges relatively equally; ETH/USD,ETH/EUR, and ETH/CNY are all trading at $261-265. Significantly, however, ethereum is trading at a $10+ premium on Korean exchanges. Bithumb, Coinone, and Korbit all price ETH/KRW above $275.  
INCREASE	   BitKan Suspends OTC Trading, Via BTC Won ’t Shut Down: Chinese Bitcoin Exchanges Feel Regulatory Heat Twitter  Rumors that China will ban bitcoin trading continue to swirl, and Chinese bitcoin exchanges are taking diverging paths in their wake.  BitKan Suspends OTC Trading  On Tuesday, regional cryptocurrency news service cnLedger  reported  that BitKan –one of China ’s most popular over-the-counter (OTC) cryptocurrency trading services –will suspend its OTC trading platform on September 14 in response to last week ’s  initial coin offering (ICO) ban .  This reasoning is curious, as most of the recent focus has been on unconfirmed reports that the People ’s Bank of China (PBoC) is preparing to  shutter bitcoin exchanges . It would seem that exchanges could comply with the ICO ruling by simply delisting crowdsale-derived tokens, as several exchanges have begun to do. Moreover, the reports suggested that regulators would not attempt to prohibit OTC trading.  The suspension will impact both mobile and Web-based users of BitKan ’s OTC exchange, which the company website boasts is most popular in the country. Users will still be able to access the app ’s wallet function, and the company did not specify if or when it would re-enable cryptocurrency trading.  ViaBTC  ‘Won ’t Shut Down ’  Meanwhile, some conventional Chinese bitcoin exchanges are continuing to expand their operations. This morning, ViaBTC announced that it was adding seven cryptocurrency-to-cryptocurrency trading pairs priced with bitcoin and bitcoin cash.  This is significant because last week ViaBTC CEO Haipo Yang  tweeted  that China would shut down all exchanges. When another Twitter user brought that up, Yang clarified that ViaBTC  “won ’t …shut down. ” If the PBoC does make a move against Chinese Bitcoin Exchanges, he says ViaBTC will stop accepting fiat deposits and cancel CNY trading pairs.   We won 't going to shut down. We will stop CNY deposit and trade if needed.  — Haipo Yang (@yhaiyang)  September 12, 2017   In light of that statement, the addition of BTC/BCC-based trading pairs could be ViaBTC ’s way of hedging against a potential Chinese bitcoin exchange ban. Alternatively, it could be a sign that –despite Yang ’s tweet last week –the exchange is unfazed by the rumors.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   $30 Billion: Ethereum, Bitcoin Prices Sink as Market Slump Continues Twitter  Both the ethereum price and bitcoin price fell to monthly lows on Wednesday, headlining a market slump that has now reached $30 billion.  The Rumor Mill Gets a Quasi-Official Addition  Rumors and speculation that the People ’s Bank of China (PBoC) is preparing to outlaw bitcoin exchanges grew more serious on Wednesday, as a self-regulatory agency established by the bank  issued a statement  warning their members not to operate cryptocurrency exchanges or utilize their trading platforms.  The National Internet Finance Association of China (NIFA) claimed that bitcoin exchanges do not have a  “legal basis ” in the country and derided them as a tool for money launderers and other criminals. From a rough translation of the statement:  China Internet Finance Association calls on: Member units should fulfill their commitment to industry self-regulatory conventions, strictly abide by national laws and regulations, do not participate in any of the so-called “virtual currency” related to the concentration of transactions or services for such transactions, take the initiative to resist any illegal Illegal financia l activities.  NIFA released a similar statement  criticizing initial coin offerings  (ICOs) shortly before the PBoC banned Chinese citizens and residents from creating or participating in token sales, so this quasi-official warning added to the growing list of  rumors  and  hearsay  that suggest a bitcoin exchange ban is imminent.  Market Slump Reaches $30 Billion  Every new addition to the rumor mill has caused the markets to contract, and they never quite recover before a new report sends them  careening downwards  again. On Wednesday, this downwards movement dropped the bitcoin price below $3,800 for the first time since August 22. This represents a 7-day decline of more than $700; for reference, the bitcoin price was $610 this time last year.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The ethereum price has fared equally as poorly. A week ago, it was trading at $330 –having already declined $60 on the heels of China ’s ICO ban. Since then, it has dropped well below the $300 threshold. Wednesday afternoon, it fell as far as $261; this put the ethereum price at its lowest point since August 7.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The retreat extended throughout the altcoin markets. Monero is the only top 10 cryptocurrency that has not posted a double-digit decline during the past 7 days, but it ’s 9.3% slide is far from impressive.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  This comprehensive pullback has reduced the total cryptocurrency market cap to $131.1 billion. Altogether, the total value of all cryptocurrencies has fallen 21% –constituting more than $30 billion –since Friday, when it reached its weekly peak of $165.3 billion.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   “STFU about Bitcoin:” Former JPMorgan Executive tells CEO Jamie Dimon Twitter  Earlier this week, JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon received harsh criticism from the cryptocurrency, bitcoin and finance communities for his baseless comments on bitcoin.   Dimon’s internal bitcoin trading ban caused even more controversy, as he threatened to fire any trader within JPMorgan that have been trading bitcoin. It has been quite evident that many traders in JPMorgan remain optimistic toward bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market. In August for instance, JP Morgan analyst Robert D. Boroujerdi wrote:  “With the total value nearly $120 billion, it’s getting harder for institutional investors to ignore cryptocurrencies. There are currently over 800 cryptocurrencies out there, though just nine have a market cap in excess of $1 billion.”  Since 2015, Dimon has continuously disregarded bitcoin as a currency and a store of value, taking a different approach from other major multi-billion dollar investment banks such as Goldman Sachs and FIdelity Investments that have embraced bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies including Ethereum.  In previous coverages, Cryptocoinsnews explained in detail as to why bitcoin cannot be described as a bubble. Bitcoin markets are well regulated and have matured significant over the past three years. Bitcoin has a daily trading volume of over $2 billion and its price increase has been met by almost every regional bitcoin exchange market. In essence, bitcoin is not a bubble bec ause bitcoin’s price surge has not been led by “unwarranted by the fundamentals of the asset and driven by exuberant market behavior,” as  noted  by Investopedia.  But, in its latest interview with CNBC, Dimon did not describe bitcoin as a bubble. He claimed that bitcoin is a “fraud” and that he would recklessly fire any trader that is involved in bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market.  In response, analysts and experts outside of the cryptocurrency industry such as Alex Gurevich, former JPMorgan executive and head global macro, told  Dimon:   “Jamie, you ’re a great boss and the greatest of all-time (GOAT) bank CEO. You ’re not a trader or tech entrepreneur. Please, STFU about trading bitcoin.”   Other experts within the bitcoin sector including Bitcoin Core Peter Todd, who were also shocked by Dimon’s baseless and illogical comments on bitcoin, criticized Dimon for his lack of knowledge in the asset class. Todd  stated:  “Hey Jamie: next time you want to write something about how awful Bitcoin is, let me ghostwrite it. I can do a much better job than you.”  In his statement, Todd emphasized a comment made by Dimon which read “eventually, it [bitcoin] will be closed.” It has been evident for the past eight years that bitcoin cannot be closed or shut down by centralized entities due to its decentralized and distributed nature. Its global ecosystem of miners and node operators specifically prevent the closure of the network from occurring.   Former Facebook executive and Managing Partner at Full Tilt Capital Anthony Pompliano, also criticized Dimon for the fraudulent activities JPMorgan has been convicted of.  “The bank CEO (Jamie Dimon) who had to pay $13 billion for causing the housing crisis just called Bitcoin a fraud I ’ve literally seen it all,”  said  Pompliano, referring to the $13 billion fine imposed by US financial regulators over fraudulent mortgages.  Many analysts and experts suggest that Dimon had made such comments on bitcoin to protect JPMorgan’s ongoing blockchain development, research and operations.   
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Crashes Below $4,000 as China Bitcoin Ban Rumors Intensify Twitter  The crypto markets crashed on Wednesday as  China bitcoin ban rumors  intensified. Virtually every top 100 cryptocurrency was hit by a significant decline, causing the market to shed billions. The bitcoin price led the retreat, plunging below $4,000. The ethereum price, meanwhile, dropped below $275 as the wider markets shed $15 billion.  Industry Leaders Add Fuel to the Fire  The market began the day in recovery mode, but the mood progressively soured. First, popular Chinese OTC trading service BitKan  announced  it was going to suspend trading. Then, ViaBTC added crypto-to-crypto trading pairs in what  appears  to be an attempt to hedge against the potential closure of CNY deposits.  Later in the day, several prominent industry figures cited unnamed sources who said the rumors that China was preparing to ban bitcoin exchanges were true. Litecoin creator Charlie Lee tweeted that  “Looks like this time China finally banned Bitcoin exchanges. (Anonymous source I trust fully) There ’s only one response: JUST HODŁ. ” The post has since been deleted, but an archived version can be viewed  here . Then, Chainstone Labs CEO Bruce Fenton posted a  Twitter thread  wherein he stated that several credible sources had confirmed to him that the bitcoin exchange ban rumors were credible. Finally, well-known bitcoin trader WhalePanda  shared a rumor  that China was planning to  issue its own  Tether-like digital currency.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  These rumors spooked traders and forced the markets into a steady decline. After rising to almost $152 billion Tuesday morning, the total value of all cryptocurrencies plummeted as low as $135.4 billion on Wednesday. At present, the total cryptocurrency market cap is $136.8 billion –a daily decline of almost $15 billion.  Bitcoin Price Crashes Below $4,000  The bitcoin price had weathered the China rumors quite well over the course of the past week, but Tuesday ’s comments from leading industry figures forced it into decline. After beginning the day above $4,300, the bitcoin price crashed by more than $400 –a 24-hour decline of 10%. At present, the bitcoin price is $3,886, reducing bitcoin ’s market cap to just $64.6 billion.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Ethereum Price Slides 11%  The ethereum price tracked with bitcoin ’s retreat, sliding more than 11% for the day. The ethereum price had rallied past $300 on Tuesday but now sits at just $271. This gives ethereum a market cap of $25.6 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Altcoin Prices Evaporate  The regulatory uncertainty in China plunged the altcoin markets into decline. Only 4 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies managed to make positive movement on Wednesday, and a significant number posted double-digit drops.  Altcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The bitcoin cash price –which tested $700 less than a week ago –fell 11% to $482. This pushed its market cap below $8 billion. Ripple, which just announced a new partnership to test blockchain remittance in Asia, saw its price fall 9%.  Ripple Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The litecoin price fell 12% and is in danger of dropping below the $60 threshold, while the Dash price has already dipped below $300. Seventh-ranked NEM dropped by nearly 17%, forcing its price below $0.50. Monero managed to decline just 3%, making it one of the market ’s better performers. The IOTA price was not so lucky; it plummeted by 18%.  Tenth-place ethereum classic fell 8% to $14, while OmiseGO –one of Tuesday ’s top movers –plunged 21% to $10 even.  Featured image from Shutterstock.     
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Dips Below $4,000 For First Time Since August 22, Potential Factors and Trends Twitter  Bitcoin has dipped below the $4,000 mark for the first time since August 22. A series of negative press in regard to the Chinese bitcoin exchange ban rumors and JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon’s comments on bitcoin has led traders to sell, creating a minor correction.  On September 12, bitcoin demonstrated strong signs of recovery from the Chinese bitcoin exchange ban report by Caixin, briefly achieving $4,400 in price. However, within hours, bitcoin fell back to $4,250, struggling to recover beyond the $4,500 margin.   As many prominent analysts, bankers, traders and investors including former JPMorgan executive and head of global macro Alex Gurevich stated, Dimon’s comments on bitcoin and his description of the cryptocurrency as a “fraud” was completely baseless and illogical. Through a brief statement, Dimon demonstrated his lack of knowledge in cryptocurrency and the market, triggering controversy and harsh criticism from experts like Gurevich.  Blockstream CEO Adam Back also noted that it is unlikely Dimon had any impact on the price and that the market is simply worried about the future of exchanges in China.  “I doubt Dimon had any impact. Reaction is just china. I ’ve been buying the  ‘china bans bitcoin ’ dip every time, each time move is smaller, ”  said  Back.  But, bitcoin has struggled to sustain its upward momentum for the past week due to the potential ban or suspension on Chinese bitcoin exchanges and trading platforms. Although China only accounts for around 15 percent of global bitcoin trades, it is still a major exchange market behind US and Japan, and investors have expressed their concerns over the state of the Chinese bitcoin industry.  Almost immediately after the report of Caixin and other Western mainstream media outlets were released, OKCoin, Huobi and BTCC, the three largest bitcoin exchanges in China, reassured users that they have not received any new directives from the country’s central bank, the People’s Bank of China (PBoC). More importantly, the three exchanges told their clients that they have been closely cooperating and collaborating with PBoC and local financial regulators to create a more transparent industry and market for both the government and investors.  In a purely logical standpoint, it is highly unlikely that PBoC and local financial regulators will risk eliminating all of the regulatory frameworks, systems and policies the Chinese exchange market and the government have established since November of 2016. From the government ’s viewpoint, Chinese exchanges have complied to every single request and demand made by PBoC, showing their intent to be well regulated and establish an efficient relationship with the Chinese government.  On September 13, Jihan Wu, the founder of Bitmain and an influential figure in the Chinese bitcoin industry, stated that the government is likely planning a licensing program for Chinese exchanges. He suggested that the rumor on bitcoin exchange ban likely referred to the suspension of exchanges operating without licenses. Wu further emphasized that if the suspension on unlicensed exchanges goes through, it will not be any different to the approach of the US and that trading platforms can simply obtain a license to operate again.  “Bitcoin is not banned in China, but only Bitcoin exchange business is about to be banned(according to rumor). None of the Bitcoin exchanges in China has the licenses that should be required for order book exchange. Such law is older than Bitcoin. Some established China Bitcoin exchanges stop operation right now does not mean that they cannot open again once with license. If some Bitcoin exchange operates inside U.S. without licenses for years and later is asked to stop operating. Is it U.S banning Bitcoin?,”  said  Wu.   Dimon’s comment may have triggered a minor panic sell-off in the US exchange market and the exchange ban rumor initiated by Caixin may have led to a minor correction for bitcoin. In the upcoming weeks, as PBoC offers their official statement on the matter, bitcoin market will likely fully recover.  More to that, short-term momentum indicators including moving average convergence divergence (MACD) show signs of short-term recovery for bitcoin.  
INCREASE	   How Blockchain Technology Will Radically Change Real Estate Twitter  Real estate agents in every country in the world have the same concerns  – low-level technology solutions and difficulty in managing contracts. It’s clear that the industry is ready for radical change, and that change will need to come in the short term.   The first sign of coming change is the sudden explosion of the peer to peer model like Airbnb, which allows low-level peer to peer connections, and makes a system that allows users to have more freedom of choice. But Airbnb, as large as it is, is still a tiny blip in the massive $217 trillion global real estate market. Granted, a blip of something massive is still big, but the  opportunity for change is clear.   ATLANT  is a new Blockchain technology platform designed to change the way real estate transactions take place. The company believes that the peer to peer model is onto a good idea, but that current models can’t take it to the level that the public really wants. The company is creating a decentralized real estate platform where clients have the freedom to buy, sell, and rent property  between each other without the intrusion of centralized corporations.   Decentralize it  ATLANT is creating a new platform that will better current peer to peer rental hubs at their own business. The power of a decentralized system is that it eliminates the corporate hub, and, through technology, creates a direct link between clients on either side of a rental agreement.   ATLANT has created a platform where property seekers can find rental properties directly through owners, and can conclude a rental contract without having to leave the ATLANT platform. Without the complexity of a corporate infrastructure, fees for clients will be reduced substantially, and renters and owners are happier. ATLANT’s platform is prepared to disrupt the way rentals  are managed without geographical borders.  ATLANT has an   ICO  starting September 7, and ending on October 7. Those interested will be able to acquire the ATLANT token, called ATL, which will be utilized as the currency for transactions within the platform. Investors in the token can receive up to a 19% bonus for participating in the first 10% of tokens.  Tokenizing the market  Selling property is clearly a more complex process than renting. Whenever an owner wants to sell a property, especially of major value, the property must be placed on the listing service, advertised, and, when a buyer is produced, then sold. The process of transfer after sale also requires extensive time and money.   ATLANT is building a platform that allows owners to tokenize their assets, effectively creating a stock sale, and liquidating that asset through a sale of tokens within the ecosystem. The tokens the owner earns can be exchanged for fiat currency outside the ecosystem, and the buyers can own a percentage stake in the asset.   Brokers, escrows, and closing costs are all virtually eliminated. The process is quick and simple, and the transfer is managed within days rather than months like a traditional sale. Staffed with excellent technological resources, the ATLANT team is more than just another ICO. It is a revolutionary marketplace for exchanging real assets in a smooth way.  This is a sponsored story.  
INCREASE	   Hype Watch: The Samourai (Bitcoin Wallet) Draws a Line in the Sand on BCH Twitter  “We are privacy activists who have dedicated our lives to creating the software that Silicon Valley will never build, the regulators will never allow, and the VC ’s will never invest in. We build the software that Bitcoin deserves. ”  Samourai Wallet  are also open source developers. This is important to get out of the way, before this bit of news about Samourai Wallet picking sides goes viral. The reason it’s important is that with the correct perspective, the statement has no impact at all. Nevertheless, here is the statement made by Samourai themselves,  via Reddit :  We are not neutral. We are 100% emotionally, politically and technically opposed to bcash and any future attacks on the bitcoin network. If you are looking for a middle of the road fence sitting position you should look to another wallet. […] I understand if taking a position makes you uncomfortable in an age when everyone is dancing around on eggshells trying to avoid offense,  but you will come to appreciate our honesty and candor. […] Good luck out there.  Alright, fair enough. What actual loss does this represent to  Bitcoin Cash  users? Well, none at all, of course, for the same reason that Bitcoin core developers don’t have to worry about bugs incurred in Bitcoin Cash development. If Bitcoin cash users want Samourai wallet as a mobile wallet option in the future, someone amongst them will simply have to fork it, maintain it, and hopefully do so without incurring personal financial losses. While under  most open source licenses this would preclude using the name  “Samorai Wallet ”, it wouldn ’t stop a mobile developer from standing atop their proud shoulders to build a forked version.  Thus, while we know that Samourai’s developers consider Bitcoin Cash to be an “attack on the Bitcoin network,” we don’t have any reason to believe this is a problem for Bitcoin Cash users. Mobile wallets especially do not lack implementations to pick from. Brick and mortar establishments accepting Bitcoin Cash are even fewer than those accepting Bitcoin, so demand for such a wa llet is probably less than Samourai realizes anyway. Perhaps they were just deluged with questions from Bitcoin Cash users eager to spread the message in person.  In any case, the statement was brought on at the behest of the Bitcoin community, so it can be assumed that Samourai were not looking for extra attention just for making a logical maintenance decision. (They are a Bitcoin wallet – there are other wallets which support multi-currencies.) Someone linked the following tweet on Reddit, and a discussion ensued in which some form of  statement was only necessary.   Samourai is not SPV  – will not blindly follow the longest chain  – We will follow the longest valid chain. We will not support BCH ever.  — Samourai Wallet (@SamouraiWallet)  August 27, 2017   
INCREASE	   F2Pool ’s Wang Chun: Bitmain Demanded $4 Billion in Lawsuit Twitter  QWang Chun, the owner of F2Pool, the fifth largest bitcoin mining pool in the market behind AntPool, BTC.TOP, ViaBTC and BTC.com with 9.3 percent of the global bitcoin hashrate, claimed on August 30 that Bitmain sued a company he invested in for $4 billion.  “Haven ’t got indictment from Bitmain, but earlier this month they sued a company I invested in  & demanded $4 billion. Scared out of my pants,”  said  Chun.  Bitmain, the parent company of Antpool, the world’s largest bitcoin mining pool operator which controls 16.8 percent of the global bitcoin hashrate, and arguably the most influential bitcoin mining equipment manufacturer in the market, has been criticized by many experts in the sector including Blockstream executive Samson Mow and Alan Silbert for pursuing legal action against  companies within the bitcoin sector and threatening startups with large-scale lawsuits.  According to Mow, in April, Bitmain employees also threatened LightningAsic CEO with “violence,” which Bitmain founder Jihan Wu was unaware of.   When Cryptocoinsnews reached out for comment, Bitmain declined to provide any statement on the matter. Understandably, if the company is pursuing legal action for a company invested by Wang Chun, it is not permitted to disclose details of the lawsuit. In contrast, even if Bitmain is currently not pursuing a lawsuit against the company mentioned by Chun, it is likely that Bitmai n is refusing to comment on a sensitive subject matter that could lead to more controversy within the community.   More Criticism Toward Bitmain on Empty Blocks  In addition to the ongoing $4 billion lawsuit controversy involving F2Pool’s Wang Chun, Bitmain has also received criticism from Bitcoin Core supporters, the community and Bitcoin Core contributor Eric Lombrozo for its questionable actions over the past two weeks. According to Lombrozo, Bitmain has been mining empty blocks, which ultimately led to severe bitcoin blockchain netw ork congestion and significantly bloated bitcoin mempool.  In regard to a comment from bitcoin researcher and programmer David Noriega on Antpool’s consistent mining of empty blocks, Lombrozo  stated , “If this kind of thing continues I will throw my full support to a campaign to brick all their hardware.”  In response, Jihan wu of Bitmain said in a  statement:  “[Bitcoin Cash] BCC / BTC mining together caused lots of error in the mining pools and empty block is a fall back security measure. It is solved now.”  In a previous coverage, Cryptocoinsnews revealed that bitcoin fees are likely to decrease significantly with the rapid integration of the Bitcoin Core development team’s transaction malleability fix and scaling solution Segregated Witness (SegWit). In an article entitled “Bitcoin Fees Are High, But They Will Decrease With SegWit Soon,” Cryptocoinsnews explained that bitcoin fee s remained abnormally high due to several factors including the empty blocks from major mining pools like Antpool and instability in mining between bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash.   Already, the size of the bitcoin mempool has decreased from 100 million bytes to 5.5 million bytes. Transactions are being confirmed with an average fee of 10 satoshis per byte, which equates to a fee of less than $0.1 with SegWit-enabled transactions. Despite the recent surge in bitcoin price to $4,740 and substantial increase in demand, the network is sustaining relatively lo w fees.   More importantly, as Ledger and Trezor, the two most widely utilized bitcoin hardware wallets stated, with SegWit-enabled wallets, fees will decrease by an additional 35 percent.   “Segwit introduces the concept of block weight which changes the way the transaction size is computed by splitting the signatures in a different area — you can typically save 35% of the fee paid when sending a transaction immediately,”  said  Ledger.  It is still not clear whether Bitmain did go through with the $4 billion lawsuit against a company invested by Chun. It is also not certain that Bitmain intended to threaten companies like LightningAsic in the past and if Jihan Wu’s statement on empty blocks are inaccurate. But, it is important for Bitmain to communicate with the community with more clarity to avoid controversy in regard to its operations, activities and actions.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   CCN Podcast: Stephen King from P2P Blockchain ICO Rex MLS Twitter  Rex is an ICO of which this author has  previously written :  Rex takes a different approach to real estate disruption. Instead of betting on the lethargic hands of state actors, they want to decentralize the listings data racket, a racket which many of us in everyday life were previously unaware of. Rex outlines the cronyism in the following passage from the whitepaper, which is published on Github, meaning that its changes are publicly trackable via Git commitments.  CCN sat down to talk with founder Stephen King about the problems the ICO had and how they solved them, and what Rex and the RexDex will be doing going forward.   
INCREASE	   Venezuela Cracks Down On Cryptocurrency Mining Twitter  Cryptocurrency mining has become an important source of income in  Venezuela , a country ravaged by  hyperinflation , but it has also become hazardous as police are cracking down on people they suspect of using too much electricity.  Venezuelans have turned to cryptocurrencies as inflation has ravaged the official  bolivar , which has lost 99.4% of its value since 2012. As a result, mining has become more lucrative, and a way for people to earn money to pay for basic living expenses, according to  CNBC .  Desperation Drives People To Mining  One miner, who agreed to speak only anonymously, became a miner because his $43 monthly salary couldn’t support his family. He began mining illegally by using government computers where he worked, and eventually quit his government job to mine at home.  Another miner who has since fled to the U.S. said mining kept him out of poverty in Venezuela. He said one mining rig will produce enough income to feed a family.  Another woman who works three jobs said mining produces 80% of her $120 monthly income. She said mining has allowed her to support herself and her daughter.  One man said the easiest way to acquire commodities in Venezuela is to use cryptocurrency to buy things on purse.io. He said he orders staples like soap and deodorant and has a courier deliver them to his office.  Miners often turn to online forums to learn how to mine.  Also read:  Venezuelan authorities destroy bitcoin mining center as crackdown continues  Government Cracks Down  While mining has become a necessity to many, it has also become dangerous since it is illegal and police arrest people they suspect of using too much electricity. Subsidized electricity in Venezuela keeps the cost of mining down, but the government monitors its use carefully.  In 2016, two men in Valencia were arrested on charges of energy theft and possessing contraband. Since then, arrests have increased. One police official said the offenders are exploiting resources without documentation. A Reddit post said miners in the country are being arrested and charged with terrorism, money laundering and other crimes.  One 23-year-old who said he earned $20 a day mining Ethereum when the currency was at its price peak said he lives in fear of being arrested. Another miner said he was approached by intelligence officials who asked him why he was consuming so much power from his home. He said he moved to another location.  Still another miner said he conceals his electrical footprint by splitting his mining equipment across three locations. He pays neighbors to use their electricity for his mining.  Joe Lubin, Ethereum co-founder, said cryptocurrencies, despite their volatility, are integral to survival in places where natural currencies are spiraling out of control.  Featured image from Shutterstock.     
INCREASE	   Financial Observer Claims Bitcoin is a Bubble Threatening the Larger Economy Twitter  Matthew Lynn, a  Bloomberg  columnist, warned in  Moneyweek  that bitcoin’s rapid price rise makes it a  bubble  that could have ramifications for the entire economy.  Lynn said it makes sense that  bitcoin’s  price should rise as it establishes itself as a mainstream currency. But he takes issue with the amount of the rise: 800% in a year, a quadrupling in just over six months and an 87% gain in a month.  Bitcoin ’s Price Not Normal  Lynn said this is not a normal price rise for an asset. A couple hundred years of financial history indicates this type of rise is a bubble. He said the impact will matter to more than the few people who own bitcoin.  For one thing, the bubble will bring overinvestment. Entrepreneurs will lure investors into cryptocurrency startups.  Lynn compared the bitcoin bubble to the dotcom bubble in which a lot of capital was wasted that could have been better deployed elsewhere.  The bubble also indicates manias have returned to the financial markets thanks to the long bull run. In any bull market, there are assets that Lynn said “goes crazy.” The last time this occurred, sub-prime mortgages were the crazy asset.  Prior to sub-prime mortgages, Internet stocks went crazy. Everyone piled in and the prices skyrocketed. In the case of the Internet bubble, asset prices indicated the market had become detached from reality and was going to collapse.  Also read:  Last stage of bitcoin bubble yet to occur, says economic professor  Impact On The Economy At Large  Cryptocurrency has not become a huge form of money and has not yet registered in relation to global capital markets, Lynn noted. But it is becoming integrated into the world of finance. And once one part of the monetary system wobbles, the entire edifice becomes weakened, which is what occurred in 2008 and 2009.  Lynn said it is unknown what contracts and derivatives have been linked to cryptocurrencies or how deeply they have integrated into the financial system. This will become evident when a crash occurs. The losses connected to the crash could ripple in unexpected ways.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Blockchains Will Enhance the Economic and Socio-Political Emancipation of Humankind Twitter  Blockchain technology is serving as a tool for emancipation by enabling people to participate effectively in the economic and socio-political affairs of society.  Evolution is a natural aspect of human existence. Different eras of the socio-political development of humankind have been governed by the predominant ideology of the given period of time.  We Live in a Dynamic World  Over time, the dominant systems of government have varied. They include, Monarchy, Constitutional Government, Democracy, Dictatorship, Distribution of Authority, Federal Systems among others. Presently, we live in an era where the majority of nations practice one version or the other of democracy. This is born out of the belief that it is the most inclusive system of government where the people have a say in the way that they are governed.  Taking a closer look at how societies are constructed and organised, it can be argued that present day  democracy is far from absolute  due to the absence of true  decentralization.  In the words of Charles Bukowski:  “The difference between a democracy and a dictatorship is that in a democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a dictatorship you don ’t have to waste your time voting.”  The Way Forward  According to blockchain expert,  Derin Cag , without immutable, transparent and distributed systems, it is unrealistic to have full democratization.  Cag notes that politicians could get purchased, information could get manipulated and elections could get hacked. Blockchain technology is trustless and could be autonomous, hence providing a feasible solution to the aforementioned problems.  Cag explains that soft-power was once exclusive to empires, followed by nations, and then the elites, but at the time of writing, common people could now have soft-power.   “Apparently, the quality of life is improving in most places, whilst individual sovereignty is getting established on a stronger and stabler foundation through blockchain technology. This is emancipation of humankind because extortionate intermediaries people once got forced to rely upon are getting disrupted by economic alternatives” , says Cag  Technology over Emotions  No matter the political input towards achieving the total emancipation of humankind while maintaining law and order, the cracks inherent in human nature have always been exposed. This is evident in the political rancour in the west, the unstable democracies in Africa and the rebellion in the middle-east.  The assumption that the blockchain may offer the genuine platform for tangible emancipation nears reality as various innovations are capitalizing on the promise of decentralization to actually deliver power to the people.  A Revolution  According to  Paul Allard , the CEO of the impact economy built on organizations sharing values of social purpose, ecological concern, economic efficiency and inclusive governance,  Impak , the present day society is an exciting one, despite the economic and socio-political challenges we are faced with.  Allard notes that the revolution being championed by blockchain technology is a global disruption on a magnitude never experienced before.  Allard says:  “If you thought the advent of the internet was a major transformation to our world in the 90s, wait and see how blockchain technology will revolutionize our society!”  Allard explains that Blockchain technology is ultimately a means for people to coordinate common activities, to interact directly with one another, and to govern themselves in a more secure and decentralized way.  Power to the People  He notes that users of services can qualify both as contributors and beneficiaries of the platforms to which they contribute. And the value produced within these platforms can be more equally redistributed among those who have contributed to the value creation. Blockchain has the power to democratise political freedom.  As Primavera de Filippi states:   “Blockchain makes it possible to change the model of top-down hierarchical organizations with a system of distributed, bottom-up cooperation. This shift could change the way wealth is distributed in the first place, enabling people to cooperate toward the creation of a common good, while ensuring that everyone will be duly compensated for their efforts and contributions. ”  Allard concludes by noting that if we, as a society, really value the concept of a true sharing economy, where the individuals doing the work are fairly rewarded for their efforts, it behooves us all to engage and experiment with this emergent technology, to explore the new opportunities it provides and deploys large, successful, community-driven applications. And this is one more step forward towards the emancipation of humankind.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   John McAfee: Bitcoin Price Bubble Talk  ‘Absurd ’ Twitter  Bitcoin ’s  record-setting  August bull run has initiated a new round of assertions that the bitcoin price is a rapidly-inflating bubble that will soon burst; bitcoin,  they say , will never recover from the crash. Just this week, BBC technology correspondent Rory Cellan-Jones compared the rising bitcoin price to  Tulipmania  in 17th-century Holland. Computer security pioneer John McAfee says such claims are  “absurd. ”  Blockchain as Revolutionary as Agriculture  In an  op-ed  for Business Insider, McAfee compares the invention of the blockchain to humanity ’s adoption of agriculture. He says that even the most insightful pre-agrarian philosopher would have struggled to comprehend the paradigm shift that took place when tribes no longer had to structure their lives around a constantly-moving village.  He states:  I believe that the blockchain is, even now, ushering in a new economic and social paradigm that will rival, if not exceed, the impact that agriculture had in human society.  This led him to join MGT Capital Investments, a publicly-traded cybersecurity company which has  mined bitcoin  for more than a year and plans to begin  mining ethereum .  Bitcoin Price Bubble Talk  ‘Absurd ’  At present, Coinbase lists the bitcoin price at $4,362 –a single-year increase of 659%. McAfee has predicted the bitcoin price  will reach $500,000  by 2020. However, he alleges that it is ultimately pointless to compare cryptocurrency values to fiat currencies, since –he predicts –cryptocurrency will ultimately make fiat currency obsolete.  Likewise, what people see as a bitcoin  “bubble, ” from the perspective of the new paradigm, is merely the predictable and systematic devaluation of fiat currencies that will continue, with obvious ups and downs, until all fiat currencies reach the zero point.  Consequently, he says conventional financial terminology does not make sense in the cryptocurrency paradigm, any more than a discussion of how to move one ’s village more efficiently would fit into a city council meeting in a modern metropolitan city.  Those who understand this tool see immediately the absurdity of words like  “bubble, ”  “investment, ” etc. when applied to cryptocurrencies.  He says that bitcoin critics will point to temporary bitcoin price declines as  “proof of their understanding, ” but  “it won ’t matter ” in the end. The blockchain revolution will not be stopped.  “Those who understand ” the revolutionary potential of cryptocurrency, he says  “will be the leaders of this new world. ”  Featured image from  Wikimedia .  
INCREASE	   Breaking: Australia Regulates Bitcoin Under New AML, Counter-Terrorism Reforms Twitter  Bitcoin exchanges in Australia will now be regulated under the purview of AUSTRAC, the country’s financial intelligence agency as the government reforms existing anti-money laundering (AML) and counter-terrorism financing (CTF) laws.  In a  public statement  today, Australia’s Minister for Justice Michael Keenan confirmed that the country’s bitcoin and digital currency exchanges will be regulated for the first time. The move is part of a wider impetus to strengthen the country’s money laundering laws within days of  a financial scandal  involving the Commonwealth Bank of Australia. The nation’s biggest bank is alleged by the Australian Transactions and Reporting Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC) of  breaching its AML and terrorism financing laws .  In announcing the first stage of reforms to bolster the country’s AML and CTF laws with a new bill, Keenan revealed bitcoin exchanges will be now included under the scope of new legislation which will further strengthen AUSTRAC’s investigative and law enforcement powers.  He stated:  The Bill provides net regulatory relief to industry of $36 million annually, with the digital currency exchange sector being regulated for the first time, while deregulating low-risk industries such as cash-in-transit, which is already subject to state and territory licensing requirements.  As  reported previously , AUSTRAC pressed the government to regulate the digital currency industry a year ago in August 2016. With  an official response , published in May this year, the Australian government confirmed it is considering ‘appropriate’ AML/CTF regulation whilst ensuring it facilitates growth of the digital currency sector in the country.  ‘The Government will also consider guidance from the FinTech Advisory Group as part of broader considerations around the AML/CTF regulation of digital currencies,” an excerpt from the government’s response added.  Australia’s move to regulate cryptocurrencies like bitcoin follows a notably similar effort by Japan earlier this year, one which will ultimately see bitcoin exchanges operate under the supervision of the Financial Services Agency, Japan’s financial regulator, by an October deadline this year. Japan’s regulation also sees bitcoin recognized as a legal method of payment in the c ountry, a move that has seen a  number of retailers  across the country accepting the cryptocurrency. One executive at a Japanese bitcoin exchange developing point-of-sale bitcoin payment solutions estimates up to  300,000 Japanese stores accepting the cryptocurrency  this year.  Elsewhere, the Philippines has also  mandated regulations  for bitcoin exchanges in the country earlier this year, effectively acknowledging the cryptocurrency as a recognized method of payment.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Blockstream Satellite Takes Bitcoin One Step Closer to the Moon Twitter  According to crypto lore, bitcoin ’s meteoric rise will one day culminate in a trip to the moon. It ’s not there yet, but Blockstream is trying to take it one step closer with the launch of  Blockstream Satellite .  The project, which is currently in its beta stage, uses leased satellites to broadcast bitcoin to users across the world. After receiving blocks from the Blockstream  “teleport ” stations, the satellites transmit them around the globe so that, with the proper equipment, you can download and update a full node even without internet access. By the end of the year, Blockstream anticipates that almost everyone in the world will live in a region covered by a satellite.  Current Satellite Coverage Map  This is a big deal, considering that half of the world ’s population does not have Internet access, and those are often the very people who could benefit the most from decentralized currency.  From the  announcement :  Blockstream Satellite is the world’s first service that broadcasts real-time Bitcoin transactions and blocks from a group of satellites in space. With the service, everyone will have free access to the Bitcoin network, in any corner of the world, including the estimated  four billion people  not currently connected to the Internet, due to lack of availability or affordability.  However, you will still need Internet access to actually transact on the bitcoin network, although it is probable that communications technologies will be developed to facilitate such off-grid transactions.  Connecting to Blockstream Satellite will require some specialized equipment as well as technical aptitude. Blockstream estimates the total cost, aside from a computer, is about $100.  To connect to the satellite network, you will need these materials. To assemble them, follow the instructions in  this guide .  Community Reaction  Reaction to Blockstream ’s announcement has been mostly positive. BitGo engineer Jameson Lopp declared the satellite network to be a  “giant leap for financial sovereignty  & privacy ”:   That 's one small step for Bitcoin, one giant leap for financial sovereignty  & privacy.  https://t.co/Erswc7sy9L  — Jameson Lopp (@lopp)  August 15, 2017   Developer Peter Todd said the move was  “no gimmick ” and could help bitcoin survive an attack by a hostile government.   This is no gimmick: could mean the difference between BTC working, and major reorgs, if a govt. tried to censor Bitcoin nodes. Solid work.  https://t.co/QeyhOxk5Ct  — Peter Todd (@petertoddbtc)  August 15, 2017   Chain architect Oleg Andreev implied that the talking points about making bitcoin available to people in lesser-developed regions of the world are more or less a marketing ploy, but said the satellite network provided an important infrastructure for the bitcoin community.   Blockstream Satellite is not about kids in Africa, it 's about Bitcoin hodlers funding a brave new infrastructure for themselves.  — Oleg Andreev (@oleganza)  August 15, 2017   However, some notable figures raised questions about Blockstream ’s satellite network. Security engineer Kristov Atlas suggested that the satellite network would not really secure bitcoin against government actors since a hostile government could  “command satellite users to cease transmission of Bitcoin-related data. ”   If the govt wants to mess with Bitcoin they can easily command satalite users to cease transmission of Bitcoin-related data.  — Kristov Atlas 🇺🇲 (@kristovatlas)  August 15, 2017   Some of the harshest criticism came from Bloq co-founder Jeff Garzik, who has  previously worked  on projects attempting to use satellites to broadcast the bitcoin network through space. Replying to Lopp ’s assertion that the satellite network is a step forward for privacy, Garzik asked:   A single company broadcasting that company 's version of the blockchain … is good for privacy?  — Jeff Garzik (@jgarzik)  August 15, 2017   Echoing Kristov Atlas ’ concern about the government shutting down the satellite transmissions –and contrasting Blockstream ’s approach with his own vision for a bitcoin satellite network –he opined that a single phone call could take it offline:   To shutdown a cubesat: Ram it (KEW) To shutdown leased b/w: One phone call exaggerating the evils of bitcoin and the dark web blah blah.  — Jeff Garzik (@jgarzik)  August 15, 2017   Blockstream, however, believes the satellite network will make bitcoin  “more robust than ever before. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Goldman Sachs: Bitcoin Price to Eye $5,000 then Crash Twitter  The bitcoin price posted another  record high  during the early hours of August 15, but it has since experienced a steep drop. On Coinbase, the bitcoin price has fallen 5% to $4,025.  Bitcoin Price Chart from Coinbase  Despite today ’s downward movement, Sheba Jafari, a chief technical analyst at Goldman Sachs, says investors have a reason to be hopeful –at least in the short term. Two months ago, Jafari  predicted  that the bitcoin price would correct down to about $1,900 before approaching $4,000. Her forecast more or less proved correct, although the bitcoin price has extended past her maximum target during its bullish turn.  Bitcoin Price to Approach $5,000 then Crash  On Sunday, Jafari sent a note to Goldman Sachs clients updating her forecast. She anticipates that the bitcoin price will continue to rise to a maximum of $4,827 during its fifth wave.  Jafari is not the only analyst to forecast that bitcoin will approach the $5,000 mark. Max Keiser  made that claim  in June, and BitMEX CEO Arthur Hayes recently told  Business Insider  that Segwit implementation puts $5,000  “within striking distance. ” Stock researcher Ronnie Moas is even more bullish,  predicting  that the bitcoin price will surpass $7,500 by the end of 2017.  However, Jafari does not believe bitcoin will reach $5,000 during its fifth wave. In fact, she expects the bitcoin price to crash by more than 38% at the completion of the wave. As she  told  investors:  [O]nce a full five-wave sequence is in place, the market should in theory enter a corrective phase ….This can last at least one-third of the time it took to complete the preceding advance and retrace at least 38.2 percent of the entire move.  This crash would reduce the value of bitcoin below $3,000. Jafari says bitcoin could correct down as far as $2,221, a level the market has not seen since the mid-July downtrend.  If the market does move as Jafari anticipates, investors should not panic. Even a drop to $2,221 would still give bitcoin a year-to-date increase of more than 130%. Despite claims to the contrary, bitcoin is  not analogous  to 17th-century Tulipmania in Holland, and the markets should experience an eventual recovery. After all, even Goldman Sachs  has admitted  that cryptocurrencies are  “getting harder [for institutional investors] to ignore. ”  
INCREASE	   The First 8MB Bitcoin Cash Block Was Just Mined Twitter  Bitcoin cash was  launched  on August 1 as a protest to Bitcoin Core’s implementation of segregated witness (Segwit) as a scaling solution. Claiming to be the true fulfillment of Satoshi Nakamoto’s vision for bitcoin as peer-to-peer electronic cash rather than a settlement layer, Bitcoin Cash instead chose to raise the block size from 1MB to 8MB, resulting in a hard fork that split the bitcoin blockchain  into two different branches.  The hard fork was initiated with a 1.9MB block mined by ViaBTC, but for a while, most bitcoin cash blocks were smaller than those on the main bitcoin blockchain. Unsurprisingly, this gave opponents –who refer to it as Bcash to avoid associating it with bitcoin branding –plenty of comedic fodder.   Interesting, 91% of  #Bitcoin  blocks are 
INCREASE	   Record $4,492 Bitcoin Price Helps Markets Shake Off Slump Twitter  The bitcoin price broke out of its brief slump on Thursday, surging more than 7% to cross $4,450 and set a new all-time high of $4,492. The ethereum price saw a nice single-day bump as well, while several altcoin prices rose to record highs. The day ’s upward trend resulted in another record for the cryptocurrency market cap. Just a week ago, the total value of all cryptocurrencies was $123 billion. This was an impressive number, but the market has stretched higher almost every day since. At present, the total crypto market cap is about $145 billion.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Hits Record $4,492  Bitcoin encountered a brief slump earlier in the week. After setting a new record at $4,456, Korean traders initiated a sell-off that plunged the bitcoin price below $4,000. But August 17 brought a 7% recovery, and the bitcoin price soared to a new record of $4,492 on Bitfinex. This gives bitcoin a market cap of $74 billion.  Next on the agenda is another significant price milestone –$4,500.  Bitcoin Price Chart from Bitfinex  One factor that remains shrouded in uncertainty is how increased attention from government regulators will affect businesses in the cryptocurrency ecosystem. Australia, for instance, just announced it would begin  regulating bitcoin exchanges  under new counter-terrorism financing and anti-money laundering legislation.  Will the Ethereum Price Hold Above $300?  Ethereum ’s August rally has stalled at the $300 mark, with the price of ether consistently stretching toward $320 before contracting down to the $290-295 range. On August 17, the ethereum price again passed $300. Fueled by a 5% gain, ethereum now sits at $310 with a market cap of $29.1 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Ethereum is approaching another protocol upgrade, which some investors believe could signal a price surge. In the month leading up to the release of Homestead (its current protocol version), the ethereum price  climbed 430% .  Dash Price Sets New Record  The altcoin markets were generally positive on Thursday, with a few exceptions. The Ripple price saw a slight increase, bringing its market cap back above $6.1 billion. Bitcoin cash –whose  first 8MB block  was just found yesterday –increased 1.5% to $301.  Altcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The IOTA price continued its  rapid advance , crossing the $1 threshold for a market cap of nearly $3 billion. IOTA Foundation founder David Sonstebo told CCN he attributes the price rise to an increase in public awareness of IOTA ’s Tangle protocol. IOTA ’s price surge has enabled it to increase its lead over 6th-place litecoin –whose price rose 3% –to $600 million.  IOTA Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The NEM and NEO prices declined 4% and 11%, respectively. NEO –the  “Chinese Ethereum ” –has been experiencing a  market cap explosion  of its own. However, the NEO price was the worst performer in the top 10 on Thursday.  NEO Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Next to IOTA, the Dash price posted the best gains of the day. It surged 15% to $247, shattering its  previous record . The Dash market cap is now approaching $2 billion.  Dash Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Ripple Market Share Slips Toward 4%  Today ’s market movements enabled bitcoin market dominance to tick upward to 50.8%. Ethereum also made a slight gain; it now accounts for 20.2% of the total crypto market cap. Ripple ’s market cap share continued to erode, falling to 4.2% for a weekly decline of 1.5%.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Image from Shutterstock .  
INCREASE	   Japan’s Largest IT Firm NTT Data Unveils New Blockchain Consortium Twitter  NTT Data, Japan’s largest IT services firm, has announced a new blockchain consortium with members representing a number of varying industries.  In an  announcement  this week, NTT Data unveiled details of the working group which will see 13 founding members unite to explore use cases for blockchain technology. The companies represent industries such as insurance, logistics and import  & export trade, NTT data revealed.  Due to be established on August 30 with an official launch, the consortium is expected to last until March 2018. Its objectives include tackling issues in the lead-up to practical applications of blockchain technology, validating the feasibility of blockchain applications before planning a sweeping systemization of the innovative decentralized tech for the future.  Found among the 13 participating members are all three of Japan’s ‘megabanks’ in the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Mizuho and the Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation. The three banking giants are also  investors in Tokyo-based bitFlyer , one of Japan’s largest bitcoin exchanges.  Other notable participants include logistics giant Nippon Express, conglomerate Marubeni Corp and insurer Tokyo Marine  & Nichido Fire Insurance Co, among others.  The consortium’s members will look at tapping blockchain technology to forego traditional paper-reliant business procedures and the operational inefficacies that come with written procedures. The establishment of the consortium comes after a successful proof-of-concept trial by NTT Data wherein blockchain technology was deployed in a trade finance transaction.  NTT Data’s effort to launch a new blockchain consortium only furthers its foray into the blockchain development space, having been  one of thirty founding members  of the open-source Hyperledger consortium in early 2016. With over 100 members, the open-source Linux Foundation-led blockchain initiative is one of the largest of its kind in the world.  The launch of the new consortium also occurs during a time of other notable blockchain-related developments in Japan. The government of Japan is primed to test a blockchain powered platform for processing government tenders this year,  foregoing traditional centralized IT systems  vulnerable to cyberattacks and data theft. The Japanese government is also planning to  unify all of its property and land registries  from across the country into one viewable data record over a blockchain.  Featured image from YouTube/ SAP SuccessFactors .  
INCREASE	   Trezor Allows Bitcoin BIP148/User-Activated Soft Fork (#UASF) Wallets Twitter  By allowing users to switch their primary Trezor node to a UASF/BIP148 node, some users perceive Trezor as being in support of BIP148. Yet, for its part, Trezor has  made little in the way of public remarks  regarding BIP148. Instead, they’ve acted a responsible hardware company, and simply done their best to be ready for any future changes.  The company’s innovations include allowing SegWit on the devices, multiple supported cryptocurrencies, and safe storage of bitcoins away from networked devices. By enabling a BIP148 node for Trezor users to connect to, the company is merely giving their users the choice to use only nodes which actively support the User Activated Soft Fork as opposed to any other plans that have  been announced moving forward. As Bitcoin celebrity and mining innovator Slush says in his Tweet (which Trezor simply retweeted, instead of writing anything of its own): “the choice is yours.”   #UASF  on  https://t.co/lsn6Xi3mVX . It 's up to you now.  pic.twitter.com/f9mwCfj5ZK  — slush (@slushcz)  July 4, 2017   Throughout the scaling debate, there have been many people who insist that companies should be taking positions, and many companies have followed suit. While a company taking a technical stance that affects its core business moving forward is to be expected, the sort of political grandstanding and politicization witnessed by Bitcoin companies during the whole affair can only be  seen as a serious warning sign for outside money moving in. Trezor is wise to reserve its official statements on the matter but still provide solutions that will adapt to a changing landscape.  Luckily, reaction on the Bitcoin subreddit was tempered. Only  one politicized statement  was made, and it really had little to do with the news in question, but rather the existential situation that created the news in the first place.  I ’m going to say it. If Bitcoin doesn ’t get its shit together, it ’s going to get lapped. [ …] Fist mover advantage doesn ’t mean sh
INCREASE	   India’s Supreme Court Pushes Govt to Check Bitcoin Transactions Twitter  India’s Supreme Court has demanded the country’s central bank and the government to check for bitcoin transactions in relation to terrorism funding and money laundering.  According to a  regional  report today, the Supreme Court of India – the highest and final court in the country – has given the central government and the Reserve Bank of India (India’s central bank) a four-week deadline to ‘examine all security related issues pertaining to virtual currencies including bitcoin.’  The Supreme Court is also seeking information on the steps taken by the government and the RBI to ensure digital currencies aren’t used for terror funding and money laundering.  A separate report by  LiveMint  today cites insiders in revealing that the government is looking to track bitcoin transactions via the central bank and SEBI, India’s capital markets regulator.  India is currently exploring the regulatory and legislative future of digital currencies in the country via  an inter-governmental committee  tasked to study and propose a framework for digital currencies.  ‘The panel discussed the possibility of asking India’s central bank, the Securities and Exchange Board (Sebi), the revenue department and Financial Intelligence Unit to develop infrastructure for observing transactions in virtual currencies,’ the LiveMint report claims, citing people familiar with the matter.  India’s finance minister  held an inter-ministerial meeting  in late June to examine and discuss risks related to virtual currencies like bitcoin.  The panel is expected to  return a report  this month. By nearly every account, Indian authorities are set to regulate the local bitcoin industry and even  tax  bitcoin adopters. A ban is  highly unlikely .  Supreme Court image from  Wikimedia .  
INCREASE	   BTCC CEO Bobby Lee calls for Bitcoin Regulation Twitter  Head of the BTCC exchange  Bobby Lee , who earlier this year stated that it’ll  still be another 2-3 years before China regulates bitcoin,  recently  went on CNBC’s Squawk Box  to talk about the cryptocurrencies and their state in China.  According to Bobby Lee, cryptocurrencies need to be regulated in order to avoid getting out of control and suffering major price swings, such as those we’ve already seen this year – Ethereum, for example,  crashed to a $0.10 low on Coinbase’s exchange GDAX due to a major sell order .  Recently, cryptocurrency  total market cap fell below $80 billion  as most major cryptocurrencies have been losing value. Ethereum’s market cap, for example, nearly reached $40 billion last month, and is now below $20 billion, according to  data from CoinMarketCap .  As more and more people enter the cryptocurrency ecosystem, major price swings become likelier, according to the CEO. Bobby Lee stated that with regulations, cryptocurrencies won’t run amok. He stated:  “I think regulation is much needed for this new asset class because otherwise it ’ll run amok from society.”  BTCC’s  CEO then added that the challenge regulators and lawmakers are currently facing is that of crafting rules to regulate cryptocurrencies, as this is a new technology.  As recently covered by CCN, the People’s bank of China ( PBoC ). China’s central bank, has recently  opened a research lab centered around the research and development of digital currencies . Back in May, it has also  set up a FinTech committee  for ‘strengthening the research, work, planning, and coordination’ of financial technologies. These may, however, also be related to  China’s national digital currency development .  PBoC ’s Regulatory Push  China’s  central bank believes  bitcoin exchanges can’t work without regulations  and, as such, has stepped up to regulate cryptocurrency exchanges. In January,  the PBoC conducted on-site checks  on the three major bitcoin exchanges in the country: Huobi, BTCC, and OKCoin.  Authorities were reportedly attracted to bitcoin exchanges because it was believed they were attempting to reduce capital outflows, believed to be taking place through bitcoin. Some saw PBoC’s move as a crackdown on bitcoin but Bobby Lee has a different opinion. He stated:  “It’s not really a crackdown. The central bank previously was not very aware of the details of how bitcoin is utilized, how bitcoin is traded. ”  According to Bobby Lee, the issue was that bitcoin’s price surge coincided with the capital outflows from China, and the exchanges rates of the yuan against the dollar. At the time, PBoC’s move resulted in a price drop for bitcoin, with lesser known Chinese bitcoin miner  HaoBTC shutting down operations  after removing its exchange service.  In order to adhere to strict Anti-Money Laundering and regulatory requirements enforced by the central bank, BTCC, OKCoin, and Huobi shut down cryptocurrency withdrawals for months, before  finally resuming them .  Bobby Lee also added that banks need to embrace bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, as these are actively being traded in China, as well as in the rest of the world. He stated:  “It ’s a new thing the central banks should pay attention to and figure out what the rules and regulations should be. ”  Featured image from YouTube/ iFXExpo .  
INCREASE	   One of the World ’s Largest FinTech Hubs Takes Shape in Sydney Twitter  The Australian FinTech startup community will gain a significant boost with a newly proposed startup hub in Sydney, expected to open later this year.  The government of New South Wales has  revealed  details of a massive new Sydney facility that ‘should help build even stronger links between the Australian fintech industry and global markets’.  The  Sydney Startup Hub  will see Jobs for NSW, a private sector-led initiative backed by the government of New South Wales, invest AUD$35 million into a 11-floor facility that will lay claim ‘to be unmatched in the southern hemisphere in terms of size and density.’ The incubator, hub and facility is expected to create up to 6,500 jobs and is said ‘to contain enough floor space to spread over the size  of two football fields.’  NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian stated:  This is an unprecedented investment from the NSW Government which will support businesses and drive growth across the State.  News of the Sydney Startup Hub comes following the Victorian government’s  announcement  of a new FinTech hub that will be established in Melbourne. Further, the government will also back and partner Australia’s first ever fintech festival, Intersekt. Melbourne will be hosting the event, from late October to early November.  Danielle Szetho, CEO of industry advocacy group and association FinTech Australia stated:  Both of these announcements clearly prove there is united support for fintech across both Federal and State governments and from both sides of politics.  As  reported  by CCN earlier, Szetho has previously been critical of the Australian government’s delayed promise in putting an end to the double taxation of cryptocurrency transactions. While the Australian Treasury  committed  to putting an end to the double goods and services tax on bitcoin purchases in early 2016, the rule finally  came into effect  this month.  “From 1 July 2017, purchases of digital currency will no longer be subject to GST, allowing digital currencies to be treated just like money for GST purposes,” the Australian Treasury wrote in an announcement this year.  Szetho further underlined the significance of the upcoming Sydney Startup Hub, stating it to be “an important and regionally-significant centre of gravity for fintech and startup innovation” in Australia and Asia. Soon to be one of the largest fintech hubs in the world, Jobs for NSW claimed the Sydney hub will be “the focal point for the metropolitan, regional, national and int ernational startup community.”  The Sydney Startup Hub is expected to open its doors later this year or in early 2018, coinciding with a similar timeframe for the Melbourne FinTech hub.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Arbitrage Platform and Market Maker RIALTO.AI Helps Cryptocurrency Traders Embrace Volatility Twitter  Cryptocurrency traders know  volatility  all too well. Sometimes, being a few seconds off can mean a huge difference. In fact, a man once bought a house using bitcoin, and the decision to use the  cryptocurrency  netted him $1.3 million because of volatility.  Earlier this month, we saw a great example of how things can go wrong. On GDAX, Coinbase’s exchange,  Ethereum plummeted on the platform  because of what Adam White, the company’s vice-president, described as a “multimillion-dollar” sell order.  The sell order caused an initial price dip, which then triggered 800 stop losses and margin funding liquidations. The collapse cost Ethereum traders thousands of dollars, and even though the company decided to reimburse customers, the  decision was questionable .  Arbitrage platform and market maker RIALTO.AI offers an alternative to dangerous stop loss positions. By focusing on price differences across exchanges, volatility is welcomed as profit comes from arbitrage.  RIALTO.AI Uses Ripple Gateways   RIALTO.AI,  according to its website, is a project in which a team of data scientists, signal processing experts, and trading economists are designing proprietary algorithms for market making and arbitrage. Its mission is to become the largest one in the cryptocurrency industry, and it may achieve its goal by using gateways within the Ripple protocol.  Through  arbitrage , the simultaneous purchase and sale of a cryptocurrency to profit from price differences in varying exchanges, traders can embrace cryptocurrency volatility, as the profit is in the differences across exchanges. In fact, volatility tends to widen these differences, allowing traders to increase their profits.  RIALTO.AI’s arbitrage algorithm is designed to run 24/7, making small profits every time a divergence is detected, regardless of a cryptocurrency’s price going up or down. Its algorithm executes chain trades among several cryptocurrencies, effectively maximizing its fund’s value.  Moreover, market making by providing liquidity on less liquid markets reduces transaction times, and allows RIALTO.AI to obtain a fraction off the value of transacted cryptocurrencies. Using the Ripple payment protocol to create a market between gateways, RIALTO.AI benefits from an increase in transactions.  On top of all that, RIALTO.AI introduces an Artificial Intelligence (AI) tradebot into the mix. The project’s self-learning tradebot tracks and pools addresses and transactions so as to recognize major market shifts before they occur. Even Satoshi’s bitcoin wallet is being tracked.  Keeping up with the Project  Investing in the project means you’ll be able to earn in both a bearish and bullish market. By hedging against volatility. RIALTO.AI’s Initial Coin Offering (ICO) is now closed after hitting its hard cap of $10,000,000. This, however, doesn’t mean you can’t be a part of the project and keep up with its latest developments. Through  Facebook  and  Twitter , you can follow the project’s development.  If you would like to know the team a little better, you can also subscribe to  RIALTO.AI’s YouTube channel , or follow them on  LinkedIn . To know more about RIALTO.AI, users are advised to thoroughly read the  project’s whitepaper .  
INCREASE	   Insurance Blockchain Startup InsureX Halts Crowdsale due to Security Attacks  Twitter  InsureX has announced that due to security attacks on its system it has halted its crowdsale with immediate effect, two days after starting its sale.  Founded in 2017, the London-based insurance blockchain startup had only launched the opening of its ICO crowdsale on the 11th July, becoming the first blockchain-based marketplace to be utilized for the trade and management of insurance products.  However, on the 13th July, the company  announced  that because of security attacks on its system over the last two days they had decided to stop the sale.  InsureX said:  This action is not taken lightly but is necessary to protect existing IXT holders and stakeholders of InsureX. We have been working around the clock to keep the token sale open, but the sheer number of attacks is now overwhelming.  Last month, a press release from InsureX stated that the company were working toward changing a sector that is hindered by slow bureaucracy of legacy systems. The launch of the token sale was designed to help raise funds for the development and launch of the platform.  At the time Ingemar Svensson, CEO, InsureX, said:  Blockchain technology presents an exciting opportunity to disrupt the insurance industry. At InsureX we want to set a new precedent for the way products are bought and sold through a blockchain-based marketplace that will add greater speed and security to the process.  However, even though the crowdsale has come to an early end after two days, the company also said that they have received enough funding to execute their roadmap.  The company added:  We are look forward to launching the first blockchain marketplace for insurance and have an new partnership announcement coming soon.  While the company didn ’t specify anything more in relation to the nature of the security attacks this may give investors some cause for concern. Whether the company releases any further information regarding this remains to be seen; however, the company seems keen to produce a streamlined platform where individuals can access a range of products and lowered commissions.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   The Open ANX Foundation Closes Token Sale Ahead of Schedule Twitter  The openANX Foundation Limited closed the OAX Token Sale ahead of schedule after surpassing its initial funding goal. openANX technology addresses in a distributed manner credit risk markets, transparent collateral ratings for Asset Gateways.  openANX  is building a decentralized platform for the exchange cryptographic assets, including strong consumer protection and transparency “hardcoded” into the infrastructure. Such measures include collateral-backed asset gateways, credit risk trading, liquidity aggregation and an open-source code base.  openANX is overseen by ANX International, which was founded in 2013 and represents one of the earliest bitcoin companies. The Hong Kong- based company is a market leader in blockchain and operates ANXPRO, one of the first bitcoin trading platforms for Asia.  “We are extremely happy with the results of the OAX Token Sale,” said Ken Lo, Director of the openANX Foundation. “We are thankful to the community who have rallied around the openANX platform concept. Our team feels strongly that a large, engaged community will be a key factor in the success of the project. With over 4,400 participants that have exchanged 52,246.28 ETH for OAX  tokens and the majority of our backers are individual contributors rather than the  ‘whales ’ that have filled some token sales. We are grateful for all those who participated and supported the project. ”  Having opened on June 22, ANX’s objective had been to sell no fewer than 13 million OAX tokens. It did that in under an hour. As of closing on July 4, the Foundation had sold 25,009.250 OAX tokens in under 11 days  – that is, $18,756,937 USD at the sale exchange rate of 478.68 OAX per ETH.  openANX is built atop the Ethereum blockchain and will utilize decentralized exchange protocols to allow cost-effective trading with reduced credit risk. “By combining an open-source, decentralized matching engine alongside collateral-backed asset gateways,” states openANX, “the openANX platform greatly improves consumer protection and transparency while significantly reducing  risk.”  The company states in a press release: “By allowing users of the platform to move fiat currency on or off the blockchain with confidence, the aim of the project is to accelerate the mass adoption of cryptocurrencies and reduce risk for users. ”  OAX, an ERC20 token developed to fuel the open-source decentralized exchange platform openANX, enables an “aggregated order book to increase liquidity, holds collateral for asset gateways to reduce credit risk, and features an off-chain, predetermined dispute resolution system governed by the DAO to maximize consumer protection.”  Said Hugh Madden, technical director for openANX: “By participating in this project, backers are helping us build the technology needed to secure users’ digital assets with transparency and decentralization at the forefront. We are also very happy with the numbers of participants. We want to build a community and we currently have over 2,000 contributors, compared to 522 for Go lem, 201 for BAT and Gnosis around 620. A vibrant community that is engaged with the project is a critical piece of the puzzle.”  The openANX platform was designed to solve two major issues. “[The barrier to entry for new cryptocurrency users, and risks associated with many transactions,” according to the company. “openANX will allow new market entrants to easily enter the space and to understand their exposure to risk on any potential deal, a feature that’s lacking in current exchanges. With openANX, cus tomers will have greater control over their crypto-keys than on a centralized platform, helping to protect them from vulnerabilities that lead to hacks and failures.”  The Foundation will now turn its focus to the coming weeks. It will launch a “User Group” of exchanges and help define and determine industry best practices and guidelines, campaign and meet the community, create a network of exchanges and expand the network of relationships and backers.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   XinFin and Botswana Government Discuss Blockchain Solution to Infrastructure Deficit Twitter  Alakanani Itireleng, Director of the Satoshi Centre has urged government officials of Botswana to take advantage of the  XinFin  Platform to enhance infrastructure development in the country. Speaking at a Sensitisation Meeting organised by XinFin for government officials in Gaborone on Friday, she lauded the ability of the Blockchain to solve every problem under the skies.  The Meeting was aimed at introducing Xinfin to the government officials of Botswana and assist them in using the platform to finance infrastructure development and procurement of essential equipment and materials. It was attended by 20 government officials from various departments.   “The XinFin platform is dedicated to bridging the global infrastructure deficit which is in the region of $5 Trillion, and I think it is a huge opportunity for developing countries like, Botswana, to make good use of, ” Alakanani told the government officials.  Blockchain Solution   Alakanani, who is also XinFin ’s Botswana Representative took the officials through how the XinFin Blockchain and XDC tokens work to assist low cost and varieties of infrastructure development around the world in a step by step process. She emphasised that XinFin creates incentives for financiers with 25 percent bounty and XDC tokens which are inflation resistant by giving them smart-exchange resources over  XDC for equity investments and risk-hedging to fund projects with a low buyer and seller ratings.   She explains:   “You know very well how it is so difficult to access funding for projects in third world countries like ours, but we are eliminating that by using the XDC token. We have created a marketplace with a crowdsource feature that allows individuals, governments and institutions to initiate a project of public importance and promote it with crowdsource and support. When the project is  given the nod by a minimum number of votes, it is then open in the marketplace for project management consultants who will bid for the process of administration from conceptualization to execution. The complete workflow from design to sourcing of materials will also be available on xinfin.org in a transparent manner which is enabled by IoT devices. ”  After the event, CCN asked Alakanani where can one find projects financed by the Xinfin platform.  “So far we are working with leading companies that provide safe drinking water through customised decentralised drinking water solutions and a unique Water ATM model that use smart cards  for villages across India, ” she denoted.   On repayment, she indicated that there is a robust repayment module built using smart contracts linked to IoT devices. she also revealed repayment can be done in the country of the project through XinFin partners there.   However, government officials were a bit confused about the whole process. A government official who spoke to CCN on anonymity was like it is too good to be true. “Finance for infrastructure without interest rates is unheard of but we are going to scrutinize it and take the necessary action,” she said.   Another official who spoke on record was of the view that the Blockchain seems to be a panacea to many problems since he read somewhere that there are some cryptocurrencies that are dedicated to energy supply. “It is all about engaging with the XinFin people further to learn more. I have read about how the Blockchain and some cryptocurrencies are providing cheaper electricity,”  Thu So, a government official told the CCN.  Image of Botswana capital Gaborone from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   RootProject to Use Cryptocurrency and Crowdfunding to Support Community Projects Twitter  RootProject , a non-profit organization dedicated to restructuring capitalism and ending extreme poverty, leverages a cryptocurrency in conjunction with crowdfunding and recent innovations in urban public policy. It was started by two Ph.Ds and a Y Combinator alum.  The project has launched a pre-ICO, a non-equity crowdfunding project that will protect against any attempt by the U.S. government to regulate cryptocurrency, something the project’s founders believe will eventually happen.  The new cryptocurrency system is designed to generate fast and long-term growth for the currency’s demand.  A Tax Subsidized Crypto  Individuals and institutions will be able to create crowdfunded projects that build their reputation with minimal labor – and receive tax deductions. This would in effect make RootProject the first tax subsidized cryptocurrency. A portion of each project’s wages will go to a worker pension fund-like smart contract, which will fuel systemic reduction in liquid token supply.  Machine learning and real-time data publication will support the ROOTS token with price behavior attractive to large financial institutions with diversified portfolios.   Three Innovations  Such a currency-institutional system designed to generate extensive growth rests on three innovations.  The first is laborless crowdfunding, a model that creates supply and demand for community projects. Project initiators will not have to complete the project or be knowledgeable about cryptocurrency. Socially visible projects will build reputations.  The second innovation is the new cryptocurrency. A portion of a project’s proceeds will benefit token purchases that in turn will drive currency demand. The balance of the proceeds will go to supervisory wages, material and wages for workers. Because the currency supply is capped, each project reduces liquid token supply.  The third innovation is a pension-like fund. In addition to wages paid in USD, cryptocurrency worth half a day’s earnings are distributed to a medium-term pension fund type of equity, which further reduces liquid token supply. RootProject will launch its smart contract on the Ethereum blockchain.  RootProject is a dual-facing app, the first being a crowdfunding platform for local projects. A user will download the app or go to the website to begin a new project. Mobile-first design will enable the user to propose a new project such as a wall garden on a building while they are walking home. They enter a budget, location, before and after images and a description.  The user then either donates the project amount or an initial donation. If they don’t cover the budget themselves, they begin a crowdfunding campaign. Donations are received, and within 30 days the minimum threshold is reached or the funds are returned. Once the threshold is reached, the project is reviewed and confirmed.  The total budget for the project is 87% of total donations. 3% is for credit card and handling fees, and 10% to purchase ROOTS tokens on the open market. 87% is a higher project spend rate than most charitable organizations can deliver, and in line with that of global organizations.  A Project Example  Albuquerque, New Mexico introduced a program that offers an  example . A non-profit employee drives a van offering a day’s work to panhandlers. Albuquerque has reduced unsheltered homeless by 80%.  When the project is ready, RootProject assigns a foreman and a budget for materials, tools and labor. A work start date and meeting point is assigned.  While the crowdfunding platform will be for community-specific projects, some larger crowdfunding campaigns will be allowed on the platform. One example is a campaign that will raise funds for the smartphones that RootProject will provide participants  There will also be recurring revenue projects, a portion of which will go to cryptocurrency purchases such as an ice skating rink with equipment rentals on basketball courts that are not used during the winter – generating recurring revenue for RootProject and recurring wages for participants.  Pre-ICO Has Launched  A maximum 10 billion ROOTs ERC20 tokens will be created on the Ethereum blockchain during the ICO campaign.  The pre-ICO is already live. The current rate is ROOTS equals 0.00006(6) per ETH or a 50% bonus. The pre-ICO is hard capped at $300,000.  RootProject will begin its ICO on August 7, selling 20% of the total supply to crowdsale participants. It will last for a period of 30 days or until 2 billion ROOTS are sold. Each ROOTS will be sold for .0001 Ether, approximately $.0259, making the effective hard cap for the crowdsale approximately $45,000,000 to $50,000,000.  Tokens will become transferable within three weeks after the ICO completion, and will be listed on major exchanges.  
INCREASE	   Digital Currency Market Cap Crosses $90 Billion(!) Twitter  Led by the likes of Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple and Litecoin, the total value of the cryptocurrency market is going vertical, nearly tripling in size since the turn of May.   Bitcoin’s total market cap struck $40 billion for the first time in history today, with over $1.6 billion in trading over a 24-hour period. The world’s most prominent cryptocurrency is up over 8% in the same period. A hunch toward the possible surge is the ‘ scaling consensus ’ achieved by companies ruling over 80% of the hashing power yesterday.  Bitcoin has added over $1,000 to its value this month alone, with a week to go. In 2017, bitcoin has altogether gained over 140%.  Recent legislative developments in Japan that favor digital currencies have spurred demand in what has been the world’s largest bitcoin trading market for a number of months up to this week. An executive from Tokyo-based bitcoin exchange bitFlyer, an industry startup that is working with retail partners to enable cryptocurrency payments, estimates that  300,000 Japanese stores  could accept bitcoin this year.  However, bitcoin’s gains have been gazumped by other cryptocurrencies. Bitcoin’s dominance among its crypto cousins is on the wane, as it drops to 44% of the total market capitalization of the digital currency ecosystem, an all-time low.   Ethereum, the second largest cryptocurrency or the largest ‘altcoin’ has gained over a remarkable 3000% since the turn of the year.  Last week, the Ethereum network scaled  over 50%  of bitcoin’s transaction volumes. This week’s gains have undoubtedly been  spurred on by the backing  of industry giants like Toyota, Samsung, post-trade services giant DTCC – which handles transactions in the trillion and, MUFG – Japan’s largest bank among several others, who joined the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA). With 116 members, the EEA is a cross-industry collaborative working toward using the open-source Ethereum’s technology toward developing enterprise blockchain solutions.  The total market cap of Ethereum has now scaled over $20 billion, up from less than $700 million in January,   Ripple, the third largest cryptocurrency with a market cap of over $13 billion has grown more than any other major cryptocurrency this year. Developed for enterprises, particularly banks, San Francisco-based FinTech startup Ripple is quickly becoming a solution tapped by banks for global remittances at near-instant speeds and significantly lower costs.  Ripple  boasted  of having met the transactional throughput of Visa, the world’s largest payments network in April. At the time, Ripple had  soared to a 2-year high  but that was merely the beginning of the boom. Ripple soon reached an  all-time high  in mid-April. Spanish banking giant BBVA, a Ripple member bank, successfully trialed a money transfer from  Spain to Mexico  , a transaction that took seconds.  In a single day toward the end of April, Ripple had gained nearly  a third  of its value. This month, Ripple shot up further,  overtaking Ethereum  briefly as the company’s technology chief  unveiled  plans to ‘become more decentralized than Bitcoin’.   Altogether, Ripple has gained nearly 6000% this year, with most of those gains coming during the last 60 days.  A newcomer to the high charts, NEM is #4 on the list amid gains of over 500% in May. Its growth has been attributed to the growing  altcoin markets  of Japan.  Overall, the cryptocurrency market has grown over 5x this year and has come a long way since humble beginnings earlier this decade.   Charts from CoinmarketCap.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Op-Ed: Bitcoin Scalability  ‘Consensus ’: Is Such a Thing Even Possible Anymore? Twitter  Another year, another consensus on the never ending scalability “debate.” Almost all bitcoin companies you can name, almost all the miners, have  agreed  to segwit + a 2MB maxblocksize hardfork upgrade in some months.  But, no one really cares anymore as far as the vast majority are concerned. The market has plenty of real alternatives now and plenty of people are using them. Time for voice was long ago. People and businesses started choosing exit some months ago.  Now that they’ve seen the alternatives, the scalability “debate” to them is more of a reminder that bitcoin is far too slow, way too expensive, far too limited in its functions, but remains a pioneer as it has gone mainstream, thus an ally of all digital currencies.  To Voice or To Exit?  There continues to be a dwindling number of people who do still care about this debate. The vast majority of them are probably individuals who can’t quite exit, so they have to keep going on and on with voice.  Of those who do care, none of them like this agreement. For big blockers, this agreement is just confirmation they have lost. For small blockers, it would be accepting defeat. And they both are right, they both have lost.  Bitcoin doesn’t inspire anymore. It doesn’t make you sit and wonder how it may change the world any longer. There is no burst in creativity, there is no confidence in persuasion, there is no bitcoin, but a relic, as far as the tech is concerned.  Harsh, but they all were warned that if this kept on the best would leave and they have. I called for “ peace ” a year ago and since then things have only gotten worse to the point where businesses have left because their customers have pivoted.  That the creativity level in the bitcoin space has fallen so low cannot be shown any better than by this very “consensus,” which is no different whatever than last year’s consensus with its terms as good as identical.  The Broken Tape Re-Run  And in an identic form, Blockstream employees are already rejecting it, giving us a lot of reasons, but we all know there are none on a technical level. On other levels there may be all sorts of reasons. Selfish ones – providing a solution to a problem you created and control is the oldest business trick in the book – ideological ones – no hardforks ever – and conceptual ones.  Because bitcoin does not incentivize nodes. Now, in 2014 or 2015 one could have argued that businesses and miners have to run them, but with limited on-chain capacity their incentives might be limited too especially when you consider that Ethereum will actually pay people to run nodes once they move to Proof of Stake, so solving the so called scalability problem.  As bitcoin doesn’t pay them, maybe the chain should be kept tiny with the payment system moving on to what they now call the Lightning Network but what should really be called just ripple because it’s pretty much the same thing on the payments aspect.  If not, then bitcoin needs to scale properly with on-chain capacity being above demand, something which won’t happen with segwit or 2MB by the end of the year unless it is caused by lack of demand.  Bitcoin, Frozen in Time?  Segwit around summer then 2MB by the end of the year is basically full blocks throughout. Which makes one wonder why Blockstream employees object to it, but you don’t have to wonder for too long since it is fairly simple.  They want to say that firstly bitcoin is difficult to the point of impossible to upgrade and secondly that it shouldn’t upgrade at the protocol level. It should instead be frozen in stone and in time. With all features on top or on sidechains which are yours for a consultation fee.  It’s not a completely bad idea. Eventually there may come a point when the protocol just works, doesn’t need much else except for maybe small tweaks here and there no one cares about, with all the innovation and creativity moving to apps on top, but if that comes to pass it would be an organic process and right now we are a very long way from there.  So to say that hardforks are change, but softforks are not, is sophistry which fools nobody with a bit of intelligence, however often it is repeated. Still, worth a try presumably, so they are trying.  The Bitcoin Test  Which means that whether intentionally or unintentionally they are fully testing this idea of bitcoin consensus as it may well be the case that bitcoin had one ring, the so called “Core,” which perhaps gives the ability to rule to whoever controls it.  Here things get conceptual, but at a different scale, at the scale of freedom or slavery, because if bitcoin does come to rule the world in a situation where you can’t fork it, then there would be no liberty.  You would not be able to choose your money, but forced to use only one, and if you thought you had a better idea, you can’t fork bitcoin, so you can’t implement your better idea. Making it one chain to rule all men.  But that is not true and will never be true however much some may want it. Bitcoin has forked and bitcoin has chain split. Some miners back in 2012 at the first bitcoin halving decided to stay on a bitcoin chain which continues to give them a 50 bitcoin reward, in effect creating two bitcoins.  Of course no one followed them because the idea was bad, but nothing stops anyone from forking bitcoin, they just run a different client. And if it so happens that many others do follow them, either that new client becomes dominant, has around the same level of attention, or is a minority like many digital currencies which have a lower market cap than bitcoin.  That, of course, might have an effect on price in the short term, but we’ve seen how it plays out in the only example so far. Eth is now worth nearly $200 while even ETC is now worth almost as much as eth back then.  Either Fork or Don’t Fork  But if the bitcoin industry does reach consensus and they do go ahead despite Blockstream and the likely short term mess, doing so for a mere two megabytes, which would probably not even clear the backlog, doesn’t make much sense since the issue of capacity would not be addressed.  Either bitcoin increases on-chain capacity above demand, meaning no full blocks, or it doesn’t. Increasing on-chain capacity above demand means having a mechanism through which it does so without two years of petty minute never ending “debate.”  This, “consensus,” doesn’t do so. Firstly, it doesn’t increase capacity above demand because demand is now probably above 2MB. Secondly, once it does increase it, it barely does so. Thirdly, it offers no mechanism of further increasing it later on.  So if full blocks are to be maintained throughout, then just get on with segwit. What’s the point?  Bitcoin v Ethereum  Then we can have bitcoin the ripple and ethereum the bitcoin. A complex expensive mess on one hand with developers who don’t care about users, and the ethereum dream on the other with Proof of Stake and sharding, plus blackjack and hookers.  A settlement system on the one hand which introduces intermediaries and unlimited on-chain scapability on the other with no intermediaries, fully permissionless, plus cool smart contracts.  Because that might be how we reach so called “consensus.” Not by secret meetings where independent reporters are not invited, not by smoke filled rooms or because some guy who believes in absolute monarchy objects to something, but by the judgment of the free market which, when there is demand finds its way of providing it.  In 2008 the free market demanded bitcoin. In 2017 the free market demands ethereum. And what bitcoin does or doesn’t do to resolve the so called “debate,” is now of real relevance to only history and those who have no choice, like Blockstream and miners and whatever bitcoin business is left.  The rest are only curiously on-looking to see whether there will ever be a decision with many of them far too preoccupied trying to figure out just how high bitcoin’s market cap will be when eth overtakes it.  Disclaimer: The views expressed in the article are solely that of the author and do not represent those of, nor should they be attributed to CCN.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Indian Police Arrest Two More in Ongoing OneCoin CrackDown Twitter  Indian police are continuing their investigation of OneCoin, a ‘digital currency’ investment scheme widely seen as a scam.  A month after Indian authorities  dealt a heavy blow  to OneCoin operators in the country with the arrest of 18 individuals, two more individuals related to OneCoin have now been arrested.  According to  The Hindu , the Economics Offence Wing (EOW), an extension of India’s Central Bureau of Intelligence (CBI), India’s primary law enforcement agency, held 28-year old Nayan Patel and Amit Kedia, 32.  Earlier this month, the EOW  became involved  in the OneCoin investigation, assigning 15 personnel and four officers to form a special investigative team, staffed with investigators experienced in similar cases of fraud.  Patel had absconded, leaving India as Indian authorities scrambled to issue notices airports around India to detain him.  “He had traveled to Hong Kong from Dubai and was nabbed at the Mumbai International Airport while trying to re-enter the country,” a police official revealed.  Last month, Indian undercover police were in attendance at a OneCoin seminar that saw some 500 participants. Potential investors were told that they would be provided with password credentials to check their profiles on OneCoin’s website, after ‘investing’ in the scheme. Payments, they were told, were made toward the purchase of tokens, ultimately redeemed for OneCoins.  After witnessing the entire presentation, police arrested 18 individuals at the event who led them to four bank accounts related to the scheme. One of those bank accounts, in India’s capital of Delhi, held ₹19 crores (approx. $3 million), ultimately seized by authorities.  “The money trail of the one coin scam led us to two accounts named Premium payment solution,” said an official from the EOW team. “One account had ₹19 crore and the other ₹5 crore.”  Two individuals, in particular, Mary Beyance from Mauritius and Ereena Andreva Belkinska from Bulgaria are underlined as the main perpetrators of the OneCoin scheme, right at the top of the food chain.  Altogether, Indian authorities have now made 20 arrests of individuals associated with OneCoin ’s operation in the country. The investigation continues.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Fidelity Lets You See Your Bitcoin Balance on Its Website Twitter  Fidelity Investments has revealed that it is to allow clients to see their bitcoin and ethereum holdings that are held on basset exchange Coinbase.  In a report from  Reuters , Abigail Johnson, president and CEO of Fidelity Investments, said that at present the company is testing the Coinbase holdings integration with its employees.  Speaking at blockchain conference Consensus in New York City, Johnson spoke of her interest within the digital currency space.  She said:  I love this stuff – bitcoin, ethereum, blockchain technology – and what the future holds.  It ’s reported that the Fidelity Investment clients will be able to use the new service when it ’s introduced in the second or third quarter of the year.  Unlike most financial service institutions, which have tended to steer clear of digital currencies, Fidelity Investments has taken a more open approach to the space. So much so that in April, it was reported that the multinational financial services corporation had  joined the Initiative for Cryptocurrencies and Contracts  (IC3), a research group mainly consisting of academic establishments.  In 2015, CCN reported that  Fidelity filed an application  with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to trademarn FIDELITYCOIN. According to the application, it covers financial exchange services for digital currencies and electronic wallets.  By joining, it became the first financial services company to do so with its aim to continue its  ‘long-term commitment to blockchain technologies. ’  To further its research into digital currencies, Fidelity is testing Bitcoin internally where purchases can be made in its cafeteria. However, according to Johnson, less than 100 employees have bought anything with the cryptocurrencies.  Yet, while Johnson is keen for Bitcoin and other digital currencies to become mainstream, she states that its useability is limiting its adoption.  If you are looking for bitcoin to beat Visa at the point of sale today, you are going to be disappointed. If you are looking at this technology as just a faster settlement system for financial transactions … also disappointing.  At present, Visa is able to process an average of 150 million transactions each day and can handle over 24,000 transactions per second. Bitcoin, on the other hand, has only processed over 350,000 transactions in the last 24 hours with the number of transactions per second reduced to a mere 3.6, according to  Blockchain.info .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Toyota Taps Blockchain Tech for Self-Driving Cars Twitter  The Toyota Motor Corporation has in the past stated that it wants to see a driverless car in the streets by 2020, and even  invested $1 billion in building a new research institute  that would bring artificial intelligence and robotics to its cars. The institute, dubbed Toyota Research Institute (TRI), has ecently announced it is going to take steps towards the future of driverless cars with the use of blockchain technology,  according to Reuters .  To do so, Toyota has partnered up with the MIT Media Lab and other technology companies that specialize in various aspects of blockchain technology, to explore how it can then be applied to improve autonomous cars. The project, according to Toyota, would allow businesses and consumers to safely share data on every trip autonomous vehicles take.  Moreover,  blockchain  technology can be used to develop tools that will make ride-sharing easier, and to create new insurance products with lower rates based on usage, as a vehicle’s sensors could collect driving data and store it in the blockchain, allowing insurance companies to lower costs to those with safe driving habits.  Chris Ballinger, director of mobility services and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) at Toyota Research Institute stated:  Hundreds of billions of miles of human driving data may be needed to develop safe and reliable autonomous vehicles. “Blockchains and distributed ledgers may enable pooling data from vehicle owners, fleet managers, and manufacturers to shorten the time for reaching this goal, thereby bringing forward the safety, efficiency and convenience benefits of autonomous driving technolog y  As previously covered by CCN, Chris Ballinger, CEO at  Toyota Financial Services , the finance-based subsidiary of the Toyota Motor Company, previously stated that the company believes  blockchain technology will ultimately allow it to lower costs and increase efficiency .  Toyota ’s Partners and Blockchain Technology  According to Reuters there are other technology companies involved in the project. BigchainDB, a Berlin-based startup, is helping Toyota develop a scalable database that’ll allow the company to store driving data that can in the future be used to improve efficiency.  Commuterz, from Tel Aviv, and Dallas-based Oaken Innovations, are both working on the development of blockchain apps that will facilitate carpooling and car sharing. Blockchain technology can empower owners by allowing them to safely monetize their vehicles, as they’ll be able to sell car rides, cargo space, and even offer delivery services – all without a third-party intermedi ary.  Driverless cars can, as such, not only save lives by avoiding predictably human mistakes, but also improve efficiency and reduce pollution by eradicating traffic jams through direct communication with one another, while contributing to a greater increase in the sharing economy.  The Institute’s CEO, Gill Pratt, has in the past stated that working on autonomous cars wasn’t as much of a sprint, but more of a marathon. That being said, there are 18 other companies working towards the future of autonomous cars and we can be sure that Toyota, using blockchain technology, will bring a lot to the table.  As Gill Pratt put it  The problem of adding safety and accessibility to cars is extremely difficult. And the truth is, we are only at the beginning of this race.  Image of autonomous Toyota Concept i from Toyota.  
INCREASE	   “Exponential Growth ” of Bitcoin Users is Hurting Indian Exchange Coinsecure Twitter  Indian bitcoin exchange Coinsecure is current seeing downtime and hasn’t processed withdrawals in a week. The reason, the company says, is due to soaring interest and adoption of bitcoin in the country.  As reputation goes, Coinsecure is among India’s top three bitcoin exchanges. Founded in 2013, it is also among India’s oldest Bitcoin businesses and has partnered with the likes of  blockchain platform OKLink , a subsidiary of Chinese bitcoin exchange OKCoin, to enable digital currency and fiat remittances to Indian users. Coinsecure is also among four leading Indian bitcoin companies that  established  the ‘Blockchain and Virtual Currency Association of India’, a self-governing body that launched in February after the bitcoin industry saw a cold shoulder from Indian authorities over regulation.  By most accounts, a successful FinTech startup.  This week, a CCN reader and Coinsecure user wrote in, stating:  Coinsecure has not processed my INR withdrawal in over 5 days. I have seen a very few floating grievances like mine, all of which were posted this week.  Coinsecure ’s homepage, at the time of publishing.  In a circular passed to customers yesterday, the bitcoin trading platform explained its reasons for the delays and downtime.  We have been experiencing exponential growth of users on our website, causing slowness and stress on our systems. You would have experienced downtime during the course of the last few days. We truly apologise. Rest assured that our teams are working hard to resolve the issue.  For context, the Indian bitcoin industry is currently at a watershed moment. As reported by CCN in April, the federal government established an  inter-governmental committee  to study virtual currencies. This committee would ultimately recommend a framework for virtual currencies like bitcoin.  All signs point to the Indian government installing a regulatory framework for the digital currency industry. Such legislation would also include  taxing  bitcoin and other digital currencies. This week, India ’s finance ministry (FinMin) opened itself for  public debate and suggestions  about the future of digital currencies in India. A ban is almost certainly  unlikely .  All of which has led to continued growth in adoption, awareness and even acceptance of bitcoin. Last week, major Indian exchange Zebpay claimed it was adding 2,500 KYC-adhering new users every day while its Android mobile application hit  half a million downloads .  This overall trend of a bitcoin boom has seemingly inundated Coinsecure, with the company’s claims of being unable to keep up with the increase in bitcoin adopters on its platform.  The same user who wrote in citing withdrawal concerns got back to us after his initial email.  The CCN reader revealed:  I visited their Delhi office and they seem to be facing a genuine scaling up problem. In the past week, and understandably, they have witnessed a surge in users, withdrawals and deposits which have somewhat broken down their admin and other systems. IT guys are working under pressure to contain and upgrade their systems, and from what I was told the bosses are putting in more time and money in all aspects to create the required infrastructure. Accounts, admin and other guys are handling support and grievance calls really well so far.  A representative for Coinsecure was unavailable for comment at the time of publishing.  This story will be updated when we learn more.  
INCREASE	   All Digital Currencies Are up as Boom Times Arrive Twitter  Spring has brought green everywhere. Just pick a digital currency and I’ll tell you it is up 10%, 30%, 60% and some even more. You have to scroll down quite a bit to find any red, as a sea of green descends everywhere with the market cap now nearing one hundred billion dollars.  All digital currencies are up  – source coinmarketcap  We might be experiencing the beginning of one of the greatest boom (although it could be the end of the boom – who knows these things) as ethereum now inspires a generation to dream once more, not how to make your mother click some ad, but how to disrupt industries from music to gaming, supply chains to high end dresses, cars, energy, oil, social networking, to banking.  Web3.0 may be coming. Soon, all your websites might be run on blockchains – not literally, but with the help of things like MetaMask, an eth plugging that gives your website blockchain capabilities, coders could do cool things like one click payments or no sign up required blackjack or interesting insurance projects like  FlightDelay .  That means us journalists might start getting paid well again, as well as artists in music and movies, as everything just moves onto the blockchain, disrupting middle men like the internet did back then, back in the 90s.  You remember it right? It was a time of great peace when we didn’t have any state enemy. Everyone was full of optimism and confidence. We were going to conquer the world. Money was flowing everywhere, people showering with champagne.  That great optimism led to the dotcom boom, which eventually ended of course, but it lasted around a decade before it did so. How long this boom will last no one can say. It may be just the beginning, it may be the end, but for now the music plays and everyone is dancing, because the greatest party on earth has begun.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   This Zimbabwean Sculptor Takes Bitcoin for Wares Twitter  This article is part of an ongoing series called  Across Africa with Bitcoin , detailing the writer’s current journey in exploring financial inclusion through Bitcoin in multiple countries across Africa.  Looking for a merchant who accepts Bitcoin in Zimbabwe is like the proverbial needle in the haystack. I have been trying to locate or discover one since my exploits got me to this country.  Even though Zimbabweans are discovering how to use Bitcoin to do cross-border payment and trading, the idea of merchants accepting Bitcoin as a form of payment has not caught up yet.  With Stan in Harare  Last week I called Tawanda Kembo, the man who runs the only Bitcoin Exchange here on phone, and asked him whether he knows someone who receives Bitcoin as payment for services and products.  “Look for Stan Williams, the Sculptor, ” was his snappy but helpful respond. He gave me Stans number and I invited him to a Dash Meet-Up I was organising at the office of Bitfinance.  Fascinatingly, when I asked him about how he heard about Bitcoin it again led to the man who is doing so much to get Bitcoin rooted in Zimbabwe.  “My friend Tawanda Kembo actually introduced me to Bitcoin two years back, ” Stan, who stammers a bit, informed me.  Store of Value Did It  On what convinced him to accept Bitcoin as payment for his work, he pointed straight to the store of value ability of the crypto.  “You know I live in a country where inflation is in ample abundance, ” he said humorously and the two of us burst into a laughter.  He tells me he sells his products on social media and currently he ’s looking for someone who could build a website for him where he can sell his stuff, and also invite other artists to sell their wares there and receive Bitcoin as payment. The dreadlocks sculptor believes that will be a good way to promote Bitcoin.  Stan Behind some of his works  “I believe a marketplace of Africans selling handicrafts and receiving Bitcoin as payment will go a long way to promote the currency here, ” Stan expressed. He plans to build and run the African Bitcoin Bazaar where Africans can sell their goods for Cryptocurrencies.  Bitcoin is indeed the best form of payment for such an idea since there is no headache with bank charges and you can move funds to everywhere. Stan firmly believes Bitcoin is the best means for Africans to have their economic and financial freedom.  “We can reach a global market through a platform that accepts Bitcoin and our financial worries and access to markets will be a thing of the past, ” Stan added.  Kindly support the Across Africa With Bitcoin journey by sending some Satoshis: 1GZQhtC15GVkq3eWwNrwYz9BCfDd3MmMo5  Images from Frisco d’Anconia for CCN.  
INCREASE	    Bitcoin Price Sprints to (New) All-Time High $2,450, Market Cap > $40 Billion Twitter  Bitcoin’s rampaging run continues to find ground as average global prices break above $2,400. Bitcoin price is up nearly 7% on the day, and over a third of its value over the last seven days as the popular cryptocurrency captures the world’s attention. Plenty of mainstream headlines have been made, for the right reasons, as awareness spreads and common everyday investors see an  opportunity to divest their portfolios. It could be argued that the influx of new investors are, in fact, contributing to the surge in value, driving up demand for the cryptocurrency.  It has been a remarkable month of gains in what has already been a dramatic year for bitcoin. Striking the $1,000 milestone on January 1 st , bitcoin has now gained over 145% in value to date, a sign of enthusiasm and optimism for the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem that is led by bitcoin. Earlier today, the entire market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies in circulation struck $90 billion, nearly tripling in growth this month alone.  In its continuing surging run at the time of publishing, bitcoin price has reached an all-time high of $2,450 on the Bitstamp Price Index (BPI).   As has been the trend this past week, trading over a 24-hr period has been dominated by USD markets, followed by China and, interestingly, Korea. Japan, which was the world’s largest bitcoin trading market for a number of months, has slipped to #4. At 12.3% of the world’s trading, trading in Japan has now slowed to a third of volumes scaled just last week. Japan’s fall down the bragging order sees Chinese markets  make a return  to the top of the scale.  An operating theory is that it was Chinese investors who were trading in Japan these past few months due to a  withdrawal freeze  imposed by bitcoin exchanges following regulatory pressure by the People’s Bank of China, the country’s central bank. The renewed optimism among Chinese traders to head back and fuel the local trading markets is due to  expectations of withdrawals resuming  in June, nearly four months after the pause.  $1,000 Premiums  & Altcoins Sell-off   A look at bitcoin prices in Korea shows an obscene $3,439, on average. A premium of $1,000, compared to trading in US exchanges. These soaring premiums have been  attributed  to capital controls by the government.  Meanwhile, figures from CoinmarketCap reveal a massive sell-off of Ethereum by investors buying into bitcoin on crypto exchange Poloniex, with over $142 million swapped into BTC, altogether accounting for nearly 9% of the world’s bitcoin trading volume. Ethereum Classic and Ripple’s XRP tokens swapped into Bitcoin totaled another $180 million, pointing to a significant shift in the last 24 hours.   The most obvious factor underlined as the cause for bitcoin’s surge today Is the consensus reached by bitcoin miners toward scaling the bitcoin network with a protocol upgrade (SegWit) and bigger transaction blocks at 2MB. Longstanding congestion bottlenecks – over 200,000 transactions were stuck a week ago-  saw the  Segwit2Mb proposal  from March call for the activation of the upgrade. Announced yesterday, the consensus saw a group of companies wielding 83.3 of the bitcoin network’s power agree to the upgrade.  Whatever the reason, bitcoin is now up 550% compared to May 2016. All of which, means that the 16.3 million bitcoins mined are now valued at over $40 billion.   If bitcoin were dropped into the M1 (liquid or narrow money stock metric), it would rank at #55 on the  CIA’s global list , with more circulating cash than the likes of Colombia and New Zealand.  Charts from CoinMarketCap and BraveNewCoin.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Why Japan, the World ’s Third Largest Bitcoin Market, Sees $300 Premiums Twitter  Japan and South Korea, the third and fourth largest bitcoin exchange markets, have seen premium prices ever since the launch of local bitcoin exchanges and markets. Analysts suggest that such arbitrage opportunities exist in Asia’s largest bitcoin exchange markets due to the two countries’ strict Anti-Money Laundering (AML) policies.  Ever since the launch of major bitcoin exchange backed by some of the country’s largest multi-billion dollar conglomerates, the South Korean bitcoin exchange market has demonstrated a premium rate of around 15 percent in comparison to other major markets such as the US and China. Due to its extreme premium rates, which currently range from 20 to 25 percent, the bitcoin investme nt community has focused on unraveling reasons behind the large arbitrage opportunity in South Korea, rather than evaluating the premium rate in the Japanese exchange market.  Although Japan is currently the third-largest bitcoin exchange market behind the US and China, for over a year until last week, it had secured its position as the largest bitcoin exchange market in the world with a staggering 40 percent market share.  The only possible explanation of the Japanese bitcoin exchange market’s sharp 25 percent fall in trading volume and market share is the strong comeback of the Chinese bitcoin exchange market. Analysts have suggested that Chinese investors were temporarily trading bitcoin in the Japanese bitcoin exchange market due to the suspension of withdrawals placed on local bitcoin exchang es by Chinese regulators.   China makes a strong comeback, now second largest  #bitcoin  exchange market above Japan. Likely that Chinese investors were trading in Japan.  pic.twitter.com/NZibBCTIae  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  May 23, 2017   Considering that Japan was the world’s largest bitcoin exchange market for over 12 months and processed 40 percent of global bitcoin trading, it is important to understand the reason behind the existence of premium rates on local Japanese bitcoin exchanges.  According to bitcoin trader and Adamant Research editor in chief Tuur Demeester, executives of South Korean bitcoin exchanges including the chief information of the country’s second largest exchange Korbit have attributed the premium rates to the implementation of strict Anti-Money Laundering policies.  Despite being the largest bitcoin exchange market in the world for some time, Japan’s AML policies and systems prevented traders from taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunity without being flagged by regulated exchanges and authorities.   BTC going  ballistic in SKorea. Talked to CIO of its 2nd largest exchange, says that capital controls are making price arbitrage difficult.  https://t.co/PTz19BhfTh  — Tuur Demeester (@TuurDemeester)  May 23, 2017   Strict AML policies exist in Japan due to the request of the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) in 2014 to the federal government of the country to enact proper AML systems. The FATF warned the Japanese government that the failure to integrate appropriate AML policies could lead Japan to FATF’s gray list which entails countries with deficiencies in tackling money laundering.  “If the Japanese Government did not respond to this call then the country faced the possibility of being listed in FATF’s gray list along with other countries (including Afghanistan and Iraq) that are considered to either have strategic deficiencies in tackling money laundering or counter terrorist financing, or that have not made sufficient progress in addressing these deficie ncies,”  read  Norton Rose Fulbright’s analysis in 2014.  Since then, Japan has focused on introducing strict AML policies to avoid potential conflicts with FATF and global counter-terrorism regulations, tightening capital controls.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Minexcoin Pushes Further The Boundaries Of Cryptocurrency Mass Adoption; ICO Launched Twitter  This is a  paid-for sponsored story . CCN does not endorse, nor is responsible for any material included below and isn’t responsible for any damages or losses connected with any products or services mentioned. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the story.  The recent explosion in value of bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies has been a promising development in many ways, but as more people become aware of cryptocurrency benefits, users will come to recognize that the asset’s changing value makes it impractical as currency for making payments.  Minexcoin (MNC), a decentralized, blockchain-based payment system based on a low volatility cryptocurrency regulated by an autonomous algorithm, has been designed to address this problem. MNC is based on bitcoin’s source code due to its proven reliability.  MNC can be used both as a means of settlement and a means of saving. The coin’s value is based on its annual growth of 33.6%, according to its  white paper .  Cryptocurrencies ’ Current Limitations  Most cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, bypass intermediaries and remain independent from traditional financial institutions. But because of this, such cryptocurrencies cannot become commonly used monetary assets. Many merchants are reluctant to accept cryptocurrency payments as it involves additional risks of exchange losses.  If someone wants to sell an asset for $500 in bitcoins, that amount was worth 0.313194 BTC at the rate of 1,596,45 on May 8, 2014. After selling the asset, the seller decides to convert bitcoins into dollars, but the bitcoin is now worth $1,300. As a result, after converting the received BTC, seller loses money.  Because of this, the main holders of cryptocurrencies are speculators and long-term investors.  Existing cryptocurrencies also have a similar problem creating tokens and smart contracts.  Token Costs Fluctuate  The cost of most cryptocurrency tokens is not fixed. If the cryptocurrency gains popularity, the cost of the token rises, undermining the profitability of creating such tokens or smart contracts. If yesterday the token price was $10 and tomorrow it is $20, people will have to pay more for the same actions.  The paradox is that the popularity of platforms reduces its number of its users.  That’s why it is necessary to control price fluctuations for a cryptocurrency to become a means of payment and a resource for creating smart contracts and tokens.  “Horizontally” stable currencies are not attractive to traders and long-term investors. The absence of such participants reduces the asset’s liquidity, which refers to the ability to sell the asset without losing value.  The growth of capitalization is critical to convincing users to use the cryptocurrency for payments.  MNC ’s Unique Proposition  MNC was designed to address this problem. It has been designed specifically to provide a stable exchange rate, making it a reliable means of payment. In addition, its controllable price change makes it an attractive means of value storage.  MNC uses an autonomous algorithm that acts as a central bank which contains volatility and price change.  The MinexBank stabilizes the exchange rate within the range of no more than 5% of the previous day’s closure price. Once the limit values of the 5% range are reached, MinexBank has two options: it changes interest rates for “parking” payouts, or it intervenes to keep the price within the preset range. Coin parking and intervention are the basic financial instruments used by Min exBank.  Traders can still earn margin from changes in the exchange rate without undermining the MNC ecosystem.  The MNC platform provides a processing infrastructure for online shopping with a digital asset exchange. Users can store money safely, spend it at their discretion, and obtain revenue by just helping the system remain stable.  The purpose of the platform is to make MNC the dominant payment system.  The Minex market is a platform for buying and selling services.  The Minex exchange is an online exchange that allows users to exchange share tokens and other digital assets created on the Minex platform. The exchange links traditional financial markets and Minex’s ecosystem.  The ecosystem provides useful functions to users and creates demand for MNC, which will raise its price.  MNC ICO Begins  The MNC ICO, which ends June 15, will create 150 000 MNC that will be distributed proportionally to investors based on the total funds collected.  I nvestors will be able to transfer MNCs to their wallet or list them on the exchange.  The fund raising is limited to 1,500 BTC. If that value is reached before June 15, the ICO will end.  To participate in the ICO, go to  https://minexcoin.com/?r=site/ico  
INCREASE	   Canadian Police Warns Public of Bitcoin Fraud Schemes Twitter  Canadian police in the municipality of Durham have issued a notice late last week warning the public about new fraudulent schemes involving bitcoin.  According to a notice posted last week, the Durham Regional Police have been receiving a growing number of reports by Durham residents about fraudulent schemes based on bitcoin.  The scam involves fraudsters selling a money-spinning opportunity to victims with transactions involving the purchase and transfer of bitcoins through fraudulent cheques.  An excerpt from the  public warning  explains:  Residents have reported being contacted by fraudsters after applying for jobs or responding to ads online involving a promise to make money. The fraudsters send cheques to the victims and ask them to use the money to purchase Bitcoins –a virtual currency used globally.  The scam takes shape when victims deposit the cheque or e-transfer the amount into their accounts, prior to buying and depositing bitcoin into the fraudsters’ account. Their incentive is a portion of the money sent to them via the cheque. Inevitably, after victims buy bitcoins with their own money, the fraudulent cheque or e-transfer bounces.  The regional police have not revealed any details or figures as to the number of victims falling prey to the scam. However, these scams have resulted in the loss of “several thousands of dollars” among victims in the Durham region, according to the law enforcement agency.  Bitcoin scams have also reportedly taken shape in revenue agency scams where fraudsters purport to be government employees to ask for income tax payments, although no details have been revealed.  Police are also urging victims who have lost money to such scams to call in. The authority is also reminding residents to discuss the information with “seniors or other vulnerable people” who do not have access to the warning on the internet.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Unlimited Suffers Setback After Bug Crashes Software  Twitter  Bitcoin Unlimited (BU), which has been touted as being the fix to Bitcoin’s blockchain transaction backlog, has suffered a blow after attackers unleashed a new bug that crashed the system.  Just recently, BU was reported to have garnered around  40 percent  support over a 24-hour period from the Bitcoin community. While miners such as Antpool, Bitcoin’s biggest mining pool, announced that it was  switching over to BU .  However, whether it’s in light of the recent attack, support for BU has dropped to 32.6 percent, according to Coin.Dance, a website which tracks industry data.  Information from the  tracking site  illustrates that following the attacks, the number of nodes hosting BU fell to 410 from 781 yesterday. This is the lowest level it has dropped to since October last year when it started to steadily increase. It has since crept back up to 690.  Support for BU Lessens  Earlier this month, Bitcoin core developer Gavin Andresen,  tweeted  ‘run Bitcoin Unlimited. It is a viable, practical solution to destructive transaction congestion.’  However, after the discovery of the bug, BU advocate  Roger Ver , said:  Normally, in Bitcoin Unlimited when we find a Core bug we just fix it and move on.  With his comment receiving criticism on social media, this news is unlikely to do much to boost support for BU. With many claiming that those behind BU don’t have the experience to fix the blockchain’s transaction congestion, this is likely to provide fuel for its critics who are against the system.  Only recently, Charlie Lee, creator of Litecoin, said on  Twitter  that ‘users cannot trust Bitcoin’s $20 billion network in the hands of BU developers.’  Samson Mow, CEO at game creator Pixelmatic, took to  social media  to question an alleged doctored image about a BU vulnerability after suspicions were raised when the potential vulnerability didn’t add up:  [I] thought it was impossible for Bitcoin Unlimited to be even less credible, but nope, they never stop surprising me.  Whereas, Andreas Antonopoulos, Bitcoin author, said on  Twitter :  This time there was little economic impact. During a fork, the damage would have been millions. QA matters. It matters $millions.  Blockchain Still Has a Problem  As blockchain’s transaction issues remain, a solution to fixing the congestion needs to be agreed on. However, how long that will take is yet to be seen.  While the BU bug attack won’t do much to bolster support there are still miners fully committed to sticking with it. Antpool is just one miner.  With both sides raising the stakes as to the most viable choice it doesn’t look as though an answer will occur anytime soon. For now, around 900,000 Bitcoin transactions waiting to be cleared will be  stuck  on the blockchain as the network runs over capacity.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   PBoC Director: Bitcoin Exchanges ‘Can’t Work Without Regulations’ Twitter  The director of the People’s Bank of China (PBoC) has recently shed some light on his views circulating the digital currency Bitcoin after the country’s central bank’s recent regulatory inspections on bitcoin exchanges.  In a translated summary uploaded to  Twitter  by cnLedger, Zhou Xuedong, stated that ‘most Bitcoin investors are young people’ and that ‘some platforms faked a lot of volume in order to attract investment.’   PBoC director 's key points translated:  pic.twitter.com/XAz9POYgza  — cnLedger (@cnLedger)  March 13, 2017   After hearing the news of the U.S.’s refusal to approve the first  ETF , Xuedong said that the future of Bitcoin in China ‘cannot work without regulations.’  PBoC Interferes with Bitcoin  In January, it was reported that the PBoC had conducted  on-site checks  on major Chinese bitcoin exchanges in Beijing and Shanghai. These were BTCC, OKCoin and Huobi.  It’s believed that the increased value in the currency was attracting the attention of authorities who were attempting to reduce capital outflows they believed were taking place through the digital currency.  As a result, the price of Bitcoin dropped to around $790 while lesser known Chinese bitcoin miner HaoBTC revealed that it was  shutting down its operations  after announcing the removal of its exchange service to its users.  In a bid to adhere to the AML and regulatory requirements enforced by the PBoC upon bitcoin exchanges, BTCC announced in February that it was  suspending Bitcoin and Litecoin withdrawals . OKCoin and Huobi announced a  similar measure  too.  All three exchanges were due to resume withdrawals this month, however the suspension continues for all three as they  wait for regulatory approval .  PBoC’s View on Bitcoin  With no timeframe insight as to if and when the three Chinese bitcoin exchanges will receive regulatory approval, it appears as though their month-long suspension is to continue indefinitely for the time being.  However, while the PBoC seems set on regulating the currency, it remains to be seen how exactly this will pan out. Earlier this month, it was reported that a central bank official had stated that China should  provide clarity  toward the currency’s regulation and supervision of bitcoin exchanges.  Not one to take responsibility, though, an official from the  Chinese government responded  by saying that the supervision of the digital currency exchanges and trading platforms falls under the remit of the PBoC.  With a toing and froing ensuring between both sides it looks as though it may be a  few years  before any sort of regulation will be seen in China.  How this will impact the currency’s position in the country is not yet known, but it is sure to impact exchanges who currently have their hands tied waiting for regulatory approval.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Google AI Firm ’s Blockchain Project for Hospitals Faces Concerns over Patient Data Twitter  DeepMind Health, an artificial intelligence (AI) subsidiary of Google, has launched a blockchain-like project designed to allow hospital technicians to predict, diagnose and prevent illnesses.  DeepMind Health has been working with  London’s  Royal Free Hospital to develop kidney monitoring software and has faced criticism from patient organizations over data sharing agreements that could give DeepMind too much power over the National Health Service (NHS), according to  The Guardian .  Mustafa Suleyman, co-founder and head of applied AI at DeepMind, and Ben Laurie, head of security and transparency, described the “Verifiable Data Audit” project in a recent DeepMind  blog .  Verifiable Data Audit  A well-built digital tool will log how it uses data and be able to justify those logs if challenged, the blog noted. The more secure the audit process, the easier it becomes to have confidence about how data is used.  Verifiable Data Audit is designed to provide partner hospitals a real-time, proven mechanism to check data processing.  The audit’s role is to provide secure data services under the hospital’s instructions, with the hospital remaining in full control.  The ledger will have  blockchain  properties. It will be append-only, so once a record of data use is added, it can’t be erased. The ledger will also make it possible for third parties to verify that nobody has tampered with any entries.  How It Differs From Blockchain  But the ledger will differ from blockchain in a few important ways, the blog noted. Blockchain is decentralized, so the verification of a ledger is decided by consensus among a set of participants. To prevent abuse, blockchains require participants to carry out complex calculations, which incur costs.  This is not necessary for  health service , which already has trusted institutions like hospitals or national bodies that can verify the integrity of ledgers.  The ledger can also be made more efficient by replacing the chain part of the blockchain, and using a tree-like structure instead. Every time an entry is added to the ledger, a “cryptographic hash” is created. The hash process summarizes the latest entry, as well as all of the previous values in the ledger. Hence, it is effectively impossible for someone to alter one of the ent ries, as it would change the hash value of that entry and that of the whole tree.  The Verifiable Data Audi will build a dedicated interface to authorize staff at hospitals to examine the audit trail of data in real-time. It will allow continuous verification that systems are working properly, and enable partners to query the ledger. Partners will be invited to run automated queries. In time, partners could be provided the option of allowing others to check t he data processing, such as individual patients or patient groups.  Also read:  How blockchain technology can benefit healthcare  DeepMind Seeks Public Trust  Suleyman told The Guardian DeepMind has undertaken a number of projects to build trust, including its founding membership of Partnership on AI and creating a board of independent reviewers for DeepMind Health.  Nicola Perrin, who oversees the Wellcome Trust’s “Understanding Patient Data” task force, supported the Verifiable Data Audit concept.  DeepMind is trying to use technology to help deliver an audit trail to track what happens to personal data, and particularly to check how data is used once it leaves a hospital or NHS, in a way that should be more secure than what has been done previously, Perrin said.  The approach could address DeepMind’s challenge of winning over the public, Perrin said. A criticism about DeepMind’s collaboration with the Royal Free was the challenge of distinguishing between uses of data for care and for research. The suggested approach could address that challenge, and it indicates they are trying to respond to the concerns.  Technological solutions will not be the only answer, Perrin said, but they will help provide trustworthy systems that give people more confidence about how data is used.  Image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   What Caused the Bitcoin Unlimited Node Crash? Twitter  Bitcoin Unlimited nodes went down like a rock yesterday as a vulnerability was exploited. They now appear to have recovered, but the speed with which nodes fell is unprecedented.  The cause appears to be the use of “asserts” in production. This will get a bit technical, but we asked a pseudo-anonymous Bitcoin Unlimited developer who would rather not be named to provide an explanation for a non-technical audience. He told  CCN :  “Assertions are used to capture programming errors, i.e. to check whether a condition that the programmer 
INCREASE	   PayPal Invests in $48 Million Series C of Korean Fintech Payments Startup Twitter   South Korean Fintech firm Viva Republica has closed a KRW 55 billion ($48 million) Series C round of funding with participation from PayPal and other noteworthy backers.  Viva Republic is the developer of Toss, a popular peer-to-peer payments application launched in February 2015. Devised as a P2P transfers app originally, Toss has since included other features including financing and credit monitoring for a more rounded, financial services application in a South Korean payments market that was described as “archaic” by chief executive SeungGun  (SG) Lee. Toss has now partnered with 18 of Korea’s 19 major banks, granting it direct access to 98% of Korea’s banking customers and has become Korea ’s leading payments app.  Formerly a dentist, Lee grew frustrated of the web and mobile banking systems in Korea and set out to carve a simpler and straightforward means of personal banking.  Blaming “strict regulations and a traditional banking system” for the inefficient user experience in financial applications in spite of Korea’s traditionally technology-forward stance, Lee added in a statement:  Before Toss, users required five passwords and around 37 clicks to transfer $10. With Toss, users need just one password and three steps to transfer up to KRW 500,000 (approx. $430). The process is quick and simple.  Viva Republica claims that since its public release two years ago, Toss has racked up 6 million users and has processed over $3 billion in money transfers. Notably, Toss has grown 13-fold in the last 12 months alone.  The Viva Republica Team  It’s latest Series C round includes the likes of PayPal and Silicon Valley firms firms Goodwater Capital and Bessemer Venture Partners. Viva Republica has now raised over $77 million in total funding since its founding in 2013.  Viva Republica’s efforts to pull in backers outside Korea’s borders is a part of the company’s wider endeavor to expand in regions beyond Korea.  Speaking of PayPal’s participation specifically, Lee added:  They are the number one player in online payments globally. Their participation shows that they recognize our potential. With their help, we can advance to the next level, globally and at speed.  “We’ve done extremely well attracting millennials to Toss,” added Lee in press statements. “Now we’re developing services that will appeal to an older audience, for example, a range of financial management services.” The funding will be used to expand its services within the Korean market, Lee confirmed.  FinTech Disruption  Hosting the world’s fastest consumer broadband speeds, South Korea is also home to a population with the highest smartphone adoption rate (a staggering 88% in 2015 figures) in the world. With a solid technology infrastructure and a demanding, technology-hungry population, a lot of industries, including financial services, are ripe for disruption. Investors are taking notice.  South Korean messaging platform Kakao Corp  gained a $200 million investment  in its mobile payment subsidiary from China’s Ant Financial, the world’s most valuable Fintech company.  “South Korea is an important market for Ant Financial in its global expansion, and we see many opportunities in the market for innovation services and growth in mobile payments,” stated Douglas Feagin, president of Ant Financial International following last month’s Fintech mega-deal.  Viva’s Lee has brushed aside concerns of competition by Kakao Pay, which has over 14 million members in South Korea. Unlike Toss, Kakao is gearing toward mobile payments rather than mobile money transfers, according to Lee.  He further stated in an interview:  KakaoPay is primarily a B2B play, focusing on acquiring merchants. That strategy requires an enormous marketing budget that doesn’t leave much in terms of margins. Toss is a B2C offering, focusing on providing a range of financial services to its users.  Toss has now partnered with 18 of Korea’s 19 major banks, granting it direct access to 98% of Korea’s banking customers.  Images from Viva Republica.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Startup Snapcard Calls Curtains on Wallet Service Twitter  Snapcard, a bitcoin startup that launched in 2013 will shut down its wallet service at the beginning of May this year.  San Francisco-based bitcoin startup Snapcard began as service allowing bitcoiners to  make purchases  on websites like eBay and Amazon with the cryptocurrency in 2013. The startup soon diversified its services, launching a bitcoin payment processor and  raising $1.5 million  in a seed round led by prolific industry investor Tim Draper.  However, an  announcement  from the company this week has confirmed that it will cease operations of its wallet services platform. Users will no longer be able to access their accounts come May 1 st , 2017. The company is urging users to migrate funds to other platforms.  The startup will shift its focus squarely on Masspay, a service that enables businesses and large organizations to send payments over the bitcoin blockchain, without assuming price volatility.  “Recently, our Masspay business has taken off and a significant amount of our team’s time has been focused on building features for that product,” Snapcard said in its  FAQ .  An excerpt from its announcement offers an explanation behind the call to end its wallet offering. It reads:  We’ve come to a point where we need to make some decisions on our current product offering and what we’re able to manage. Our Masspay product has been aligned with the value that we bring to the community and that is something in which we will be investing heavily.  Buying and selling of bitcoin along with transfers to and from linked bank accounts will be disabled on March 20. Snapcard will also stop accepting wire transfers the same day.  The soon-to-be defunct web w0allet platform has  forged partnerships  to enable bitcoin reward programs from large companies in the past, using Masspay. A notable agreement from late 20115 saw Snapcard  partnering UniPAY , a major payment service provider in Georgia to enable bitcoin as a payment option.  “We genuinely mean it when we say, it’s been a hilarious rollercoaster being part of this space as we’ve seen the price reach record highs,” the Snapcard team stated, ending with “We’ll see you all at the moon!”.  Image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Japanese Blockchain Consortium Exceeds 100 Members, Aims to Boost Awareness in Banks Twitter  The Blockchain Collaborative Consortium (BCCC), Japan’s first industry blockchain consortium has revealed it has now reached 109 member companies and organizations in total, less than a year after its inauguration in April 2016.  Launched with the likes of Microsoft Japan and Ethereum-coder collective ConsenSys as its members, the blockchain consoritum was  launched with the vision  to push blockchain innovation for “the evolution of information systems, in just about every industry.” The working group launched with 34 companies as founding members to collectively place blockchain technology at the very core of the Fintech revolution.  In a public  release  today, the BCCC has revealed that its membership has expanded to 109 companies and organizations.  An increased interest among financial institutions to consider the adoption blockchain technology has led to a swell in inquiries about the innovation, BCCC said. As a result, the blockchain consortium has made a decision to inaugurate the ‘Financial Services Subcommittee’.  With its launch this month, the subcommittee is mainly tasked to boost awareness of blockchain technology among financial services companies. Banks, securities brokerages and insurances companies will all partake as members and share information and study sessions of blockchain innovation among each other. Further, the subcommittee will also carry out industry activities as a blockchain collective “specialized” in the financial services sector.  While its founding members were predominantly backers and promoters of blockchain technology, the addition of 75 new member companies over the past year are new to exploring the innovation, the consortium revealed. Manufacturing companies, service industry firms and financial institutions are among the new members showing interest.  Blockchain Binge  Japan’s biggest banking corporations, the so-called big three “megabanks’ have led the foray into researching blockchain-based banking processes in the country.  In November 2016, the three banking corporations – Mizuho, SMBC and Mitsubishi UFJ – revealed the successful testing of a nine-month of domestic money transfers over a blockchain. The trial used “miyabi”, a proprietary blockchain developed by Japan’s biggest bitcoin exchange, bitFlyer. The tests conclusively  scaled 1,500 transactions per second , beating the 1,400 Tns/sec that the current interbank wire system is capable of at peak speeds.  In February, all three banks  notably became investors  in the bitFlyer.  Earlier this month, Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse claimed that blockchain was moving into production following a successful blockchain money transfer pilot that saw  participation from 47 Japanese banks . Using a Ripple-powered cloud-based blockchain platform ‘RC Cloud’ the Japanese banks were able to conduct real-time domestic and international money transfers.  The chief executive underlined the blockchain solution as a “concrete example” of how blockchain technology was transforming money transfers around the world.  Garlinghouse stated:  Consortiums are not hard to come by in this industry, but what makes this significant is that these leading Japanese banks are focused on a clear use case and moving blockchain into production.  Image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   FinTech Funding Thrives in Canada Despite U.S. Slowdown Twitter  Sector data has found that FinTech funding in Canada reached an all-time high last year in twenty years despite slow funding in the U.S. FinTech market.  According to PitchBook, which is used by the U.S.-based National Venture Capital Association, funding in the sector in Canada reached $137.7 million last year compared to $21.8 million five years ago and just $7.3 million in 2000, reports  Reuters .  Last June, the Bank of Canada announced that it sees  the potential in FinTech  as it can help to ensure a smooth evolution to tomorrow’s financial system.  Speaking to Payments Canada in Calgary, Alberta, Carolyn Wilkins, the Bank of Canada’s senior deputy governor, said that blockchain technology could help reduce the time it takes to clear and settle syndicated loans and save up to $20 billion a year in back-office expenses.  Canada’s FinTech prominence also helps to  pave the way for bitcoin  in the country.  An interview with CCN in October with Gerald Cotten, CEO of Canadian Bitcoin exchange Quadriga, said that the FinTech industry is doing a great job at pushing Canada among the top countries. Not only that, but the fact that the  Bank of Canada has developed its own digital currency , the CAD-Coin, demonstrates that it’s keen to stay up with competition for its consumers.  FinTech on the Rise in Canada  According to figures from Thomson Reuters [ PDF ], venture capital investment activity in Canadian companies continued at a rapid race in the first three quarters of 2016. From January to September a total of $2.5 billion was invested in 446 deals.  In dollar terms, this represented the best first nine months of any calendar year since 2001, while the number of deals done was the most since 2005.  And yet, while the nation is improving its position in the FinTech race, it still falls behind other nations.  Reuters states that while funding in the U.S. sector has slowed, 2016 still saw investments reach $4.27 billion.  Slow Growth in Other Nations  It’s reported that a decline in investments in the U.K., which fell by around 25 percent, was down to the Brexit results, while the U.S., which dropped by 30 percent, was due to the U.S. election.  Canada, however, appears to have avoided any potential turbulence. Even though its market is considerably smaller than that of the U.K., the U.S. or Singapore, it has great infrastructure for companies to establish themselves within its FinTech sector.  With the commencement of 2017, the industry in Canada is expected to continue its upward trend further establishing itself as a likely contender in the FinTech race.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Usage Gains Traction in Indonesia Twitter  The Indonesian market is experiencing a rise in the number of bitcoin transactions even though the digital currency has no legal status in the country, according to a report from the  Jakarta Post .  In 2014, Bank Indonesia, the Indonesian central bank, released a statement declaring that bitcoin was  not legally recognized as money or legal tender .  Yet, despite this, that doesn’t seem to have put people off from using the digital currency as a form of payment.  The report from the Jakarta Post states that the number of bitcoin users in Indonesia has risen from 80,000 up to 250,000, with a daily transaction value amounting to Rp 20 billion (US$1.48 million).  In 2010,  over $5 billion was sent back home from Indonesian migrant workers  across the world. While a report from 2015, found that bitcoin remittance services could save Indonesia migrant workers $374 million.  Remittance via bitcoin could significantly benefits Indonesians.  However, in a bid to boost bitcoin payments in the country, it was announced last May that a prominent e-commerce and digital payment platform in Indonesia, KinerjaPay Corp., had enabled  bitcoin payments for transactions on its platform for the first time .  Through this feature, users can pay for utility bills, make money transfers and buy products sold on the platform with bitcoin.  Boost for Bitcoin in Indonesia  According to Suasti Atmastuti Astaman, Bitcoin Indonesia business development manager, the positive trend of bitocin’s adoption in Indonesia was down to global trust of the currency and Russia’s recent legalization of it. He also stated that other countries relaxed stance on the currency was enabling greater trust in it.  He said:  Bitcoin’s value completely depends on supply and demand in the market…That’s why bitcoin’s value has been rapidly surging.  In an attempt to get the country to support the currency, an Indonesian journalist wrote an article in May last year calling for the country to  follow Japan’s lead and support bitcoin  in light of the progress other countries are making.  Bitcoin Not Legal…Yet  However, while progress is being made with the digital currency in Indonesia there is still a long way to go before it will be legalized.  And yet, with the price of one bitcoin reaching $1,030, according to Coin Market Cap, at the time of publishing, Indonesia seems to be playing it safe by remaining quiet on its stance with the currency.  With so many benefits associated with bitcoin it can surely only be a matter of time before the currency is regulated and legal in Indonesia.  Images from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   UAE Healthcare Provider to Store Patient Records on a Blockchain Twitter  The storage of Electronic Health Records (EHR) in the United Arab Emirates could soon be revolutionized after the development and implementation of storing patient records on a blockchain.  A partnership between UAE Telecom du, a telecom and broadband provider and NMC Healthcare, a major private healthcare provider in the region will be the first to introduce blockchain technology into the management of patient information within the UAE, according to a report by regional tech publication  ITP .  Some of the core characteristics of blockchain technology, including data integrity and immutability, trust and security have long been touted as the  next significant disruptor  in the healthcare industry. Other efforts of a blockchain-based healthcare network  have already started  to take shape.  Blockchain Enables Immediate Access to Patient Records  The healthcare provider will be able to securely record and store medical health records on a blockchain, ultimately leading to more efficient interactions with patients with the seamless retrieval of records. Further, the simple feature of digitizing health records from paper that can then be shared among other hospitals over a blockchain could prove critical in situations whe re time and patient care is of the essence.  Dr. B.R. Shetty, founder and CEO of NMC Healthcare stated:  We believe the results of this initiative shall improve our patients ’ data management processes, reduce administrative costs and also help us in serving our patients in a further effective manner with accurate information for better diagnosis and treatment.  A majority of patient records including blood test reports and x-rays remain on paper, according to Carlos Domingo, chief innovation officer at telecom giant du. The lack of shared access to patient records could result in unwelcome delays for providing healthcare at other hospitals. The solution, is the error-free domain of a distributed ledger platform, according to the execu tive.  Seamless, secure access to patient records across hospitals could soon be a reality.  Domingo added:  By digitizing all health records, and putting them in Blockchain technology, data can be shared and distributed across all hospitals. We are looking at fully digitizing the health system with Blockchain technology to assure data integrity with zero error and guarantee end to end accountability of the patients’ records.  The UAE is quickly proving to be a hotbed for blockchain development and implementation, across a number of industries. Blockchain solutions have been sought in the precious stones industry to  curb conflict diamonds’  trade,  e-Voting  among participants of Abu Dhabi’s securities exchange and a multi-layer  rewards program .  The most obvious example of endeavoring to implement blockchain technology in the region is the Dubai Government’s initiative to see  all of its documents  on a blockchain by the year 2020/  The Blockchain Provider  The blockchain technology to be used in the healthcare initiative will be provided by Guardtime, a working collective of scientists, network architects, software developers and security specialists who are growing in significance in the blockchain industry.  One of Guardtime’s notable tasks includes developing a blockchain-based cybersecurity solution for the  UK’s critical infrastructure , that includes the likes of nuclear plants, the electricity grid and flood defense systems.  The blockchain-based security provider also jointly won a  $1.8 million contract  from DARPA  to develop  a blockchain-based monitoring system.  Images from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	    Yes Bank Develops Blockchain to Digitize Vendor Finance in India Twitter  Yes Bank, a prominent private sector bank in India has announced the implementation of a multi-node blockchain to digitize and automate vendor financing solutions for a regional client.  Vendor financing is essentially the lending of money by a company to one of its customers, so the latter can purchase products from the company, driving sales for the former.  To develop the solution, Yes Bank sourced technology from the Linux Foundation-led open-source blockchain project, Hyperledger. The blockchain solution made use of smart contracts developed by Fintech startup Catenia Technologies to deliver a vendor financing solution for major Indian electrical equipment manufacturer Bajaj Electricals.  Bajaj’s business interactions that include discounts and disbursal of funds to its vendors will be digitized over the blockchain, allowing for faster, more efficient record keeping and increased transparency. Yes Bank’s anchor client (Bajaj Electricals), will see automatic debits from its account at the bank, as a part of the automated smart-contract enabled blockchain transact ion.  “The entire process cycle for bull discounting reduces from four days (owing to manual intervention and transit) to almost real-time,” a press release from Yes Bank read.  Rana Kapoor, CEO at Yes Bank stated:  I strongly believe that we are only at the tip of the iceberg,and envision that Blockchain coupled with IBM’s Cognitive solution on Cloud platformwill make a significant impact in the global Transaction Banking space by ensuring that the Financial Supply Chain is more robust, secure, seamlessly connected and provides a great customer experience.  The blockchain implementation was heavily facilitated by technology partner IBM. Hosting the blockchain over its “Hybrid Cloud” platform, Yes Bank also leveraged IBM’s “Watson Conversation” a cloud-based cognitive service to further enhance the user experience of participants (bank, the vendor and borrowers or purchasers) in the blockchain.  Bajaj managing director Shekhar Bajaj sees blockchain as the solution to digitize supply chain financing. He stated:  This solution enables us to do timely processing of the vendor payment through vendor financing from the bank without physical documents and manual intervention. It also enables us and our vendor to track the status of the transaction on a real-time basis.  The blockchain implementation in Indian business finance comes during a time when other similarly notable efforts start to take shape in the country. IBM has also partnered major Indian conglomerate Mahindra to bring  supply chain financial solutions  in the country for small and medium-sized enterprises.  Tech giant Microsoft  launched  its Azure Blockchain as a Service toolkit to Indian customers in December 2016, soon after the  announcement of a partnership  with consulting giant KPMG to push blockchain adoption among clients in India.  Image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Price Blitzes Beyond $1100, Closes in on All-Time High Twitter  Bitcoin price is rampant in its gains as it continues to push ahead, stepping up a gear since the turn of the year.  At the time of publishing, bitcoin is trading at $1,139.9 on the Bitstamp Price index (BPI) and is closing in on the all-time high of $1163, a figure scaled on November 29, 2013.  Bitcoin price is closing in on its all-time high.  Over the last 24 hours, bitcoin price has made gains of over $110 reaching a high of $1,129.90 on the BPI today.  The newest rally began in the late hours on Tuesday night (UTC), as price chalked $1,022.99 at 23:00 last night. An hour later, price reached $1,035.99. A steady trading period saw price plateau around the $1,045 mark before another surge began at 07:00. By midday, price on the BPI reached $1079.  At 14:00, price was at touching distance of the next milestone, chalking in at $1,097.25. Although price took a steep correction toward $1,079.37 a mere thirty minutes later, a strong pullback helped bitcoin price rebound in the coming hours to ring in the $1100 milestone at 17:10. A trading flurry helped price push toward a new 3-year-high of $1139.9.  In a single 24-hour period, bitcoin’s value has gained over 10%.  At the time of publishing, bitcoin’s value to the dollar on the BPI stands at $1138.01   The soaring value of bitcoin now sees the popular cryptocurrency’s total value in the market at over $18 billion. Since the turn of the year, bitcoin price has swelled over 18% in value. The cryptocurrency ’s market cap has leapt nearly $3 billion from $15.4 billion to $18.35 billion, at the time of publishing.   The bullish trend continues in a price run that is speculatively driven by soaring bitcoin trading volumes in China, where bitcoin price has already reached  an all-time high  in a few major exchanges.  For a live Bitcoin Price chart, click  here .  For the most recent bitcoin price analysis piece from CCN analyst Jim Fredrickson, click  here .  All time references are in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).  Image from Shutterstock. Charts from BitcoinWisdom and CoinMarketCap.  
INCREASE	   Monero Overtakes Litecoin, Demonstrates Strong Performance Twitter  Editor ’s note: Article updated for clarity.  On January 3, Monero officially overtook Litecoin and Ripple, solidifying its position as one of the leading cryptocurrencies in the market. There exists several major factors that pushed the market cap of Monero this past weekend including the Alphabay userbase, active development and integration.  Experts Praise Monero  Over the past 12 months, Monero and its development team received positive and optimistic recognition from leading cryptocurrency experts and cryptographers, due to its legitimate cryptography and technology.  It is one of the very few cryptocurrencies in the market that has an actual consumer base and commercial application. Monero is used by large-scale darknet or online marketplace called Alphabay, which settles over 2% of their sales using the digital currency.  In mid-2015, Peter Todd called out Monero and ZCash competitor Dash, describing the latter as snake oil and praising Monero for its genuine cryptography.   Todd  stated: ca  Without a doubt I ’d choose Monero over Dash  – the latter is snake oil, The former genuine cryptocurrency.  Monero is also developed on top of Bitcoin Core developer Greg Maxwell’s confidential transactions scheme, which allows the cryptocurrency’s ring signatures to hide amounts in Monero transactions.  “Monero’s invention of RingCT, which allows for Greg Maxwell’s Confidential Transactions scheme to work with Monero’s ring signatures, effectively hiding all amounts in Monero transactions,”  said  Monero developer Riccardo Spagni.  Importance of Applicability, Commercialization  & Integration  The applicability of a cryptocurrency is crucial for long-term development, survival and market adoption, primarily because it needs an actual user base.  At the moment, the majority of cryptocurrencies and assets in the market have little or no commercial application. Assets like Ripple, Augur and MaidSafeCoin that are worth tens of millions of dollars in market cap have had significant hype to supplement their increasing value but overtime, their lack of applicability is affecting long-term stability of these assets.  As time passed, more investors and traders began to realize the actual user base of Monero, which accounts for nearly 2% of global darknet users.   Another important factor that is driving the price of Monero is the integration of the currency by digital asset exchanges. This week, Kraken, a leading bitcoin exchange, announced the integration of Monero to allow users to trade bitcoin, cash and ether for the anonymous cryptocurrency.  In a statement, the Kraken development team  stated:  Monero is one of the leading cryptocurrencies that has seen huge 40x market cap growth in 2016 and trades with high volume and liquidity.  If Monero continues to demonstrate high liquidity, increasing user base and trading activity, it is highly likely that the privacy-focused cryptocurrency may replace existing assets like Ethereum to become the second largest cryptocurrency behind bitcoin.  Image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Reaches All Time High at BTC China Twitter  Bitcoin triumphantly rises once more, reaching an all-time high today at around 2PM London time in one of the most liquid exchanges: BTC China.  Proclaimed dead or worthless so often by so many, the currency has been turning heads in the past few weeks when a two years long bull market accelerated around December the 20 th , increasing bitcoin’s price from around $800 to almost $1,100 in just two weeks, while at BTCChina it reached an all-time high of just under $1,150 (7,990 CNY according to BitcoinWisdom) higher by almost 400 points than its previous all-time high of 7,588 CNY reached on the 25 th  of November 2013 at a time when BTC China was the most liquid bitcoin exchange.  Bitcoin Reaches an All Time High of 7,990 CNY at BTC China  OkCoin and Huobi, the current leading exchanges with daily trading volumes in the millions also nearly reached all-time high, falling short by just 5 or 7 CNY. At the Chinese rate, bitcoin is now just a few dollars short of gold parity, an historical event as no currency has been valued as much as or more than the oldest money in existence, gold.  What is driving this stratospheric rise no one can say for certain. ZeroHedge seems to believe that it is mainly in response to  capital control  measures in China which has devalued its currency to its lowest level in years. Among one of the arguments to support their conclusion is the volume of Chinese exchanges, but another explanation for their far higher volume levels may be that Chinese exchanges have no trading fees and are the only ones to provide significant margins, thus making them the exchanges of choice for traders and speculators worldwide.  However, trading volumes have significantly increased recently across the board, leading ZeroHedge to constantly warn that the Chinese may institute a crackdown on bitcoin to better enforce capital controls. Such measures would significantly affect China’s image in the west which has enjoyed considerable good press in this space. Moreover, it would probably jeopardize their attempts to promote blockchain innovation and attract more talent, something they appear to take seriously as shown by the inclusion of blockchain technology on their  five-year plan . Furthermore, bitcoin mining, largely concentrated in China, directly contributes half a billion or more to their economy. Established or new miners might start leaving the country for neighboring and just as cheap venues if their government is seen as highly unfriendly to blockchain technology.  The fear of Chinese capital controls is speculatively driving investors to bitcoin.  Although there are  rumors  that China is looking to take restrictive measures, it is doubtful they would work or that the benefits of such measures would be more than the direct cost to the significant mining industry or more indirect cost of the country creating an image of unfriendliness to blockchain innovation.  It is more likely that China has now learned from the significant strategic advantage the foresight of UK ’s government gave to Britain when in 2014 they embraced Fintech symbolically shown by the then Chancellor buying a bitcoin.  Nonetheless, bitcoin remains volatile and has many risks in investing or trading. China might indeed, despite good sense, enact highly restrictive measures just as the continued amateurism of some exchanges might bring the party to an end.  Disclaimer: All of the above is pure speculation with none of it constituting any advice. I am not a financial expert and you rely on any of the above solely at your risk and discretion. Price goes up and down, therefore you may gain or lose your investment.    Images from Shutterstock. Chart from BitcoinWisdom.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin Makes History, Reaches Gold Parity Twitter  For the first time in the history of humankind, a currency has reached and surpassed the value of the oldest money on earth, gold. At around 5 PM London time on the fourth of January 2017 one bitcoin stood at $1,197 (8,320 CNY) at Huobi and 8,320 CNY at OKCoin, two of the main and most liquid bitcoin exchanges, while gold stood at $1,166.  Two of the Most Liquid Bitcoin Exchanges Surpassed Gold Parity and ATH at 5 PM GMT on the 4th of January 2017.  Reaching gold parity is an historical milestone for the eight-year-old digital currency which has grabbed the world’s imagination since its invention, spurring thousands of likewise blockchains, with the most prominent, Ethereum, which extends the capabilities of this new invention to that of fully programmable money.  If it maintains it, the event will probably be seen as the tipping point as the permissionless, decentralized, cost efficient, limited, programmable money, which even the United States government accepts  cannot be shut down  and a member of  Trump’s administration  states is “not manipulatable by any government,” finally announces its arrival on the world stage, regardless of what price now does.  Central banks will no longer have any choice but to realize they can not make mistakes in their management of our money. Governments too will become aware they cannot, in secrecy with no parliamentary consultation despite ostensibly being a democracy, declare stores of value worthless, for their citizens, in this still new century, have an incorruptible option which, unlike gold that you just uselessly hold, can actually perform all functions of money, especially that of means of exchange.  As such, in all halls of bureaucracy and towers of business heads are turning as they look in amazement and puzzlement at what the rising millennial generation has managed to achieve apparently so suddenly. They should know that though many hid bitcoin’s brilliance under rhetoric for eight years, its rise is no accident, nor a product of fringe thoughts. It implements  Hayek’s dream  which is now becoming a reality, regardless of what price does subsequently, as bitcoin, the concept, finally proves itself.  Although a word of caution is in order for this space remains somewhat amateurish. Price may fall even more quickly than it has risen. All of the above speculation may be proven fully wrong. It is finally time to say….  Happy birthday, Bitcoin. Meet the world.  Image from Shutterstock. Chart from Bitcoin Wisdom.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin’s Market Cap Crosses $17.5 Billion Twitter  The price of bitcoin has been surging at a frenetic pace in a bullish run that began in the last quarter of 2016. The relentless run sees bitcoin’s market capitalization now scaling beyond $17.5 billion.  Exactly a week after bitcoin’s market cap  touched $15 billion , rapid gains since through the end of 2016 and the beginning of 2017 that saw bitcoin price  reach $1000 , has resulted in bitcoin charting through yet another milestone.  According to current figures from  CoinMarketCap , a total of 201,085 BTC were traded in a 24-hour period, representing nearly 220 million in USD. As things stand, the total value of all 16 million(+) bitcoins in circulation at $17.56 billion.   If bitcoin were summed up as an M1 (the liquid money supply or narrow money) metric, it would rank at #69 on  the global list , only below Cuba at $18.9 billion.  Few expected the current bull run to step up a gear as it has over the past week, gaining 15% in value since December 28. How long can bitcoin’s bullish run last? It remains to be seen. In the meantime, bitcoin value continues to register  record-setting numbers .  For a live Bitcoin Price chart, click  here .  For the most recent bitcoin price analysis piece from CCN analyst Jim Fredrickson, click  here .  Image from Shutterstock. Chart from CoinMarketCap.  
INCREASE	   XCurrency Price Increase Leads Privacy-Centric Altcoin Rally Twitter  The recent  altcoin price  uptrend has injected large amounts of capital into several privacy-centric coins competing with Darkcoin to become the currency of choice for those who wish to engage in both commerce and communication without publicly revealing their identities. At the forefront of this rally is the XCurrency price, but several smaller altcoins such as Shadowcoin have experienced significant price boons as well.  [divider]CCN[/divider]  XCurrency Leads Privacy-Centric Coin Price Rally   XCurrency  is one of many coins vying for the top spot among privacy-centric coins. While  Darkcoin  currently leads the pack with its  masternode -based  DarkSend+ protocol , XCurrency has introduced innovations of their own. The recently-released  XChat Tor Stick  employs the Tor network to offer users decentralized, encrypted messaging. Moreover, XCurrency recently announced they are developing  “ Web 3.0 , ” which will decentralize the internet by allowing XCurrency users to store website information within the XCurrency wallet.  For a while, the XCurrency price had been in decline. After peaking at more than 470,000 satoshis in June, the XCurrency price quickly declined. Despite a couple pumps, the XCurrency price has spent most of the past several months between 130,000 and 140,000 satoshis.  The XCurrency price began September at ~131,000 satoshis. Over the past week, however, the XCurrency price has increased more than 10% As the  CoinGecko  chart below demonstrates, the XCurrency price was just under 130,000 satoshis when it began to increase steadily. By September 10, the XCurrency price had nearly reached 150,000 satoshis. The price briefly declined on September 11, but soon resumed its uptrend. At present, the XCurrency price sits at 158,320 satoshis, ranking XCurrency 16th in total market cap.  This 7-day XCurrency price chart from CoinGecko shows the recent price uptrend. The current XCurrency price is 158,320 satoshis.  XCurrency is not the only privacy-centric coin experiencing a price rally. The impending release of the anonymous Nxtty cryptomessenger app has nearly  doubled the value of Nxttycoin  in the past week. The Stealthcoin price has also increased 39% over the past week, giving the coin an $818,000 market cap and a thirty-ninth place market cap ranking. Finally,  Shadowcoin  experienced a price increase this week, increasing from ~16,400 satoshis on September 5 to ~19,000 on September 12, a remarkable 44% rise. Shadowcoin ’s market cap is now just above $730,000, placing it forty-third in total market cap, just a few spots behind Stealthcoin.  Darkcoin Price Falls Amid Shadowcoin and XCurrency Price Increases  Clearly, the Darkcoin price has not fared as well as the Stealthcoin, Shadowcoin, or XCurrency price this week. Via CoinGecko  Unfortunately, the XCurrency price-led anonymity rally did not extend to  Darkcoin , the patriarch currency of the privacy-conscious. The top-10 altcoin saw its price fluctuate but ultimately decline 2% over the past week to ~579,000 satoshis ($2.77 USD), perhaps because investors are diversifying their holdings among Darkcoin competitors. Currently, Darkcoin ranks eighth on the market cap charts, holding a ~$2.5 million edge over ninth-place Namecoin.  Disclosure: The author is not personally invested in or affiliated with any of the coins listed above. Images from Shutterstock.   
INCREASE	   Apple Pay: The Establishment’s Last Stand Against Bitcoin Twitter  Having spent many years in New York working for one of the financial sector’s “Big 6” banking corporations, I feel qualified to look at the financial ramifications that the emergence of Bitcoin will have on the future of money in America, if not worldwide. Having left that ethically-bankrupt den of thieves behind was difficult financially, but empowering spiritually.  [divider]CCN[/divider]  From orchestrating the run on the banks in 1906-1907 to destroy small business competition, to the drafting  & creation of the Federal Reserve Act, which was written by bankers, for bankers, in seclusion on Georgia’s Jekyll Island. To  having  bank execs sitting on the Board of Directors of the Federal Reserve in New York, a damning conflict of interest for all involved, to the acquiring other banks under the cover of darkness, for pennies on the dollar through the FDIC, at a fraction of market values. There are many other egregious acts of financial fascism; I’ve been waiting for many years for this pack of wolves to get their comeuppance. They have made up the rules as they’ve gone along for too many decades. In the last one-hundred-plus years, they have pillaged and plundered the U.S.  economy  by baking corruption and predatory economics into the rule of law through their financial influence,  pushing the U.S. Dollar onto the brink of oblivion in the process.  Bitcoin, a Shining Beacon of Light  Yet, there is a light. A shining beacon of light, some would even say borne out of divine intervention. A light that is young and small, but incredibly bright and powerful, that can  blind  all of the vultures and parasites colluding the global financial markets as we speak. From the darkest days of “The Great Recession ”; that light dawned on January 3rd of 2009, when Bitcoin, and the birth of true crypto-currency was invented by creator Satoshi Nakamoto.  The value of this revolutionary invention in the world of finance, and for technology as a whole, may not be totally understood by the mainstream for many years to come, but you can feel the impact like an aftershock with each passing day. It levels the plagues of commercial counter-party risk, The Byzantine General’s Problem, and the burden of  charge-backs  (for merchants) and merchant processing fees (for both merchants and consumers) in one fell swoop.  Bitcoin  has collected over 60,000  merchants  worldwide into its ecosystem, and through the efforts of market leaders like  BitPay  and  Coinbase , has obtained the funding accounts of many industry leaders like Reddit, WordPress, Dish Network, Dell Computers, and Wikipedia, just to name a few.  Internet giants PayPal and eBay seem destined to join the growing herd, but not without a confused look on their corporate face.  Apple  & Apple Pay  Apple ’s Logo  Don’t think that this march into “ The Future of Money ” has gone unnoticed by the rest of the financial industry. Nor will it go unavenged.  Apple , which made more money in the first quarter (Q1) of 2014 than Facebook, Google and Amazon combined, has unleashed “Apple Pay. ” Apple Pay is a not-really-new integrated payment solution that is a hedge of a bet on the digital payment theme. This may be more helpful to them since they have access to over 800 million debit/credit cards worldwide.  It takes all of the usual suspects, primarily the ”Big 6” of the banking cartel (JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Citibank, Barclays and Capital One). The merchant card processing cartel ( Visa ,  Mastercard  and AMEX). And plenty of technology that other companies have been using, under different names, for years (Near Field Communication, Touch ID and Secure Element), makes an Apple-centric payment structure, all while leveraging the Apple brand in a new way. They have also recruited heavy-hitting merchants like McDonald’s, Whole Foods and Disney, among others, to partake in this economic odyssey with them. Suffice to say these multi-national corporations won’t be joining Team anytime soon.  Steve Jobs, 1955  – 2011  Having an Apple iMac desktop and Nano myself, I am a fan of Apple and their technology. Their OS and interface for most of their programs are widely considered the best in the computing industry. But since the illness and passing of Steve Jobs, Apple has struggled over the past few years, and innovations and a clear direction have not become self-evident. The one-time  industry innovating  iTunes program has lagged behind the industry in speed, functionality and design. New iPhone products always seem a step behind Samsung’s S-family, and the new Microsoft Surface has found plenty of buyers ready to leave the iPad behind. My issue with Apple and the Apple Pay conglomerate is of a more sinister nature than a mere loss of leadership and innovation at the top.  Apple Pay, a Fast Train on Old Tracks?  Apple Pay amounts to a pretty train, that looks fast, but is built on top of the old railroad tracks, that can only handle a certain speed and have a high cost of ownership that the end users will be asked to pay, in many different ways. Anytime the established international banking cartel joins forces on anything that’s a red flag right there. The high processing fees and  chargebacks  costs of all Apple Pay are still present and accounted.  Keep in mind you pay an extra 2-5% on every purchase you make with a debit or credit card.  These fees go to the merchant, who builds them right into your purchase price, and this does nothing to lower these institutionalized costs to the consumer. The 1 in 1200 fraudulent transactions found through debit  & credit card processing aren’t going anywhere, either. So fraud protection doesn’t improve, unless you get rid of the source of the problem, the cards themselves.  More Hands in the Cookie Jar?  With more hands in this cookie jar, why wouldn’t your identity theft risk increase, now that hackers have a much more centralized network to steal merchant account information from? How is biometric scanning going to protect your privacy? What does Apple do with your fingerprints once they’ve taken them? Now that your biometrics is digitally recorded, as an MP4, Apple can pretty much do whatever they want with them. With the device, you used for them linked, why wouldn’t Apple track your location, sell your tracking as part of the list, or transfer it to pick-a-federal-agency at a moment’s notice? What happens to your fingerprint, personal metadata, and banking/payment information if you lose your service? And Apple computers have been known to have a backdoor, which ca n be used by government for fairly  easily  to access all of users personal information. Apple Pay now gives Apple more of your information to collect and share from the  back end , most likely to another government agency stealing your civil liberties at a record pace.  It ’s a Centralized Circus  A Centralized Circus  Creating a circus of known suspects in banking, retail, and merchant services, with Apple, positioned as the ringleader, sadly lends credibility to Apple Pay, at least to the ignorant masses. These famous names have been built to be trusted over decades of programming and conditioning, both online and offline. But with all the information, the headlines, the fraud, the theft, and the collusion wrought over the past decade, what corporations, which are accountable to their stockholders first and foremost, do you trust, with your personal information? Fingerprints? Tracking software? Where does your trust, or your willful ignorance, stop, I ask you?  Does any of these civil liberties issues apply to Bitcoin owners? What are the transaction fees to us? What do we need biometric scans for? Who has, or needs, our personal banking  intel  to make a transaction good? No need to give away your identity, or your soul, to make Bitcoin transactions safe and secure.  Having been on the inside of these legendary companies, they are wolves. And they are counting on you to continue to be their sheep to be fleeced. In “The Information Age” we all live in, either you are enlightened by how the world turns through education, or you are deliberately sticking your head in the sand, hoping to ignore the problems of privacy, theft, and negligent security measures that affect us all. You either address the problem, and take responsibility for your identity or you hope that the problem goes magically away, instead of getting worse.  Biometrics, reliance on outdated, easily compromised tech (debit cards), and a pact among commercial jackals is no way to invest your identity handling and monetary transactions in 2014-15. Competition, mathematics, and personal responsibility are the only way of an educated and prudent 21st century consumer.  If your phone asks to scan your finger, say no. We’ve done just fine without that theft of identity for millions of years. Don’t “Apple Pay” for the right to sell-out your soul to the banks, just for more petty conveniences of consumption. This is your identity, not theirs. Take a stand against identity theft.  Bitcoin  doesn’t ask you to make this personal compromise against your own security. Why should Apple?  Also read:  Celebgate Myth: Hacker Leaked Nude Celebrity Photos in Exchange for Bitcoin  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
INCREASE	   Furniture Company Möbler Design Now Accepts Bitcoin Twitter  Bitcoin adoption  added another notch to the stick this week when up-and-coming design company, Möbler, announced that it will be accepting Bitcoin payments for its innovative furniture design, corporate interior design and retail design services.  [divider]CCN[/divider]  Möbler  is based in Johannesburg, South Africa, from where the company designs and dispatches  custom furniture and interiors , as well as  office and shop designs  to the accelerating continental African retail sector. In a radical rethink of the traditional you-come-to-us design business model, Möbler offers customers,  wherever they are , an interactive design service that is  conducted and settled online .   Möbler ’s ability to deliver customer designs to anywhere in the world was born from the dual benefits of  modern industry ’s ability to manufacture from CAD file, and Bitcoin ’s facility of effortless cross-border transactions.  Hence, the company can zero in on customers ’ exact vision for design via an online interactive process and finally, deliver  industry standard design files  for manufacture at a facility in the customer ’s geographic area. From a  lounging sofa  to  trader ’s desk , and from an  office park  in Mozambique to a  fried chicken outlet  in Zambia  – anything you imagine can be designed, converted to a rendering format and manufactured in your locality.  At first glance, Möbler ’s  Concept-to-Real-World  service could have worked without  Bitcoin , only it would have lacked the  ease, security and trustless transactions  made possible by the Bitcoin payment protocol. The company ’s pioneering step of  decoupling design from manufacture  is a logical companion to the ease and freedom offered by Bitcoin. It means that searching for that elusive piece of home or office furniture is no longer necessary  – simply contact Möbler, describe it, interactively refine it, have it made locally, and  pay with bitcoins !   CCN spoke with Möbler ’s CEO, Markus Root, about the service, about how he arrived at this novel approach and his thoughts surrounding Bitcoin.  During our initial discussion, you mentioned that you had recently grasped the significance of Bitcoin. It ’s an exciting moment when the lightbulb first switches on, so, can you tell readers what your impressions and thoughts are? What about Bitcoin excites you most?  I really like the Bitcoin motto  “Be Your Own Bank ”  – I ’m for anything that puts the power back in the citizens ’ hands.  Go ahead and tell readers about your company, Möbler, and its services. Where has it come from and where is it going?  Möbler started out as a designer / maker workshop. We stopped manufacturing items and chose, instead, to focus on the design service only. Möbler recently branched out to include a retail and corporate interior design service which is expanding fast. We would love to design for companies such as  Vitra ,  Herman Miller , and  Ikea . Until we get there, we have added product design to our service offering, since there are many innovators out there who need casings and stylized covers for Bitcoin-related gadgets.   Do you find that you get requests for design work outside of the city/province where you are based  – or perhaps outside of your country  – and how does this impact on job delivery and invoicing?  Yes, we do  – and due to modern technology we can pretty much take on work from anywhere in the world. The first obstacle to be removed was Delivery. We realized clients are willing and able to use local manufacturers and suppliers for the designs Möbler creates. Invoicing, however, posed a challenge  – mostly due to factors such as exchange rates, transfer fees and banking delays.  Right, some of those challenges must have been what led the company to accepting Bitcoin payments?  Yes, and the ability to make fast, effortless payments via Bitcoin removes all of the settlement headaches for both us and our clients. Most of the risk associated with the design and delivery process simply falls away, because we are able to do our work with the knowledge that payment has been secured via our  BitGo wallet  using a multisig transaction. Equally, the client is not left wondering what they ’re going to receive in exchange for their money, because they can approve and influence the design as it evolves.  To my mind, Bitcoin abounds with opportunity and events such as the launch of the very  first Bitcoin ATM in Africa , means Bitcoin is gaining sufficient momentum to make it impossible to ignore.  In the South African design and architecture industry, is there much local awareness of Bitcoin and its benefits as a payment system? Do you think these benefits could cascade downwards to builders and the rest of the construction industry?  Unfortunately, South-Africa always seems to be a step or two behind when it comes to the adoption of new technology (although we do think this is changing.) I can only imagine that Bitcoin will have a huge impact on the industry. For example, Bitcoin would make a very good alternative payment system for the many workers in the South African labor force  – most of whom do not operate bank accounts. There are a lot of offerings from local banks that try to capitalise on this (via cellphone banking  & services such as ABSA ’s CashSend  & FNB ’s eWallet) but, of course, they always take their slice of the pie.  In today ’s inter-connected world, what motivations are there for individuals and businesses to outsource design work away from their immediate geographic area?  Modern technology has removed the constraints that this would have imposed in the past. Clients can now match their needs for each job to the correct designer regardless of where in the world they find themselves. In other words, they have more options and can find the best possible fit for the project.  I imagine that, in the design industry, there must be frequent dilemmas of expectation versus delivery (smiles). What are the stages that Möbler ’s design process goes through to ensure customers get what they want?  We typically start with a conversation to discuss your needs and expectations of the project  – goals, timelines, budgets, and so forth. This information is collated into a quote, and as soon as we ’ve agreed payment terms and milestones, we start working on your design. We produce sketches to gauge whether our vision of the design matches your own. Once both parties agree that the visions match, we get stuck in and send you detailed designs. From here there ’s usually one or two more small revisions before we sign over to you for manufacture.  Mobler Design Accepts Bitcoin and their service is available internationally.  For more information see  http://www.mobler.co.za/   Images by Mobler Design and Shutterstock.   
INCREASE	   CoinBase Payment URL Handler Support Now Live Twitter  With so much negative news about exchanges like  MTGox ,  Flexcoin  and  Poloniex  lately it was refreshing to see something positive, on Feb 28th  CoinBase  went live with their Bitcoin Payment URL Handler.  So far it has support for both  Chrome  and  Firefox . I have not been able to find out at this time if  Internet Explorer  is going to be supported and if so how long it will be until it is.  So what does this do and why is it important?  What it does is makes it much more simple to send a payment in Bitcoin for a transaction. There will be no need to copy/paste followed by switching tabs to go to CoinBase to enter the payment address. Instead with the handler enabled all you have to do is click on the payment address, and it will bring you right to your CoinBase box and enter the information for you. The fussin g and multiple clicks are streamlined making it much easier to use.  Why it ’s important is because it will make it much easier for the average user to use Bitcoin to shop with and trade. That will help the adoption of Bitcoin as an alternative currency that much easier for more people to use and help retailers as the process is simplified at the user lever without them having to do anything.  To enable the Payment URL handler log into your CoinBase account and go to advanced settings. From the choices, click the Enable Link Handler button, and you are set to go.  Coinbase URL Handler setup and in action.  A quick overview of it in action can be found on CoinBase ’s  blog . In it, they show how to enable the handler and what it looks like when they use the donation payment button for the  Bitcoin Foundation . From there clicking on the payment link brings you right to your send payment page with the payment address already there.  I did find that I needed to be logged into my CoinBase account, or it would ask me to log in and then it would fill in the payment form. This does not bypass your security and login settings to function that is very good. As with any transaction it is always good to have two factor authentication enabled in your CoinBase settings.  Their  setup and trouble shooting page  is excellent if you have problems installing it or getting it to run. It has quick and simple instructions to get everything going for both Chrome and FireFox.  It is good to see a major exchange as  CoinBase  keeps raising the bar by being a solid exchange and also by bringing out innovations to make using Bitcoin easy and secure.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin and the issue of Trust Twitter  Bitcoin (unlike many other cryptocurrencies) does meet many of the requirements of  fiat  money but as an institution some of its advocates have been doing it few favours. Many members of the general public see Bitcoin as a scam and in order to sell it to these  people we must deal with the thorny issue of trust. In order to establish trust I would contend that we, as advocates, should consider changing our emphases to improve stability and thereby increase acceptance. We will have an immersed society when a citizen can pull up at a shop and order a pizza using bitcoins to pay, not as a once off or novelty purchase but as a normal and common transaction. The question is: How do we get from here to there?      The Gold Problem  In the past gold was chosen as a most suitable metal for coinage and gold coins had the advantage that the value of the coin directly reflected the value of  the gold bullion that the coin held. Currency was backed by precious metals and people had confidence. However, crooks arrived and shaved the edges of the coins thereby debasing them. In order to restore and maintain confidence in the currency, many countries deemed that debasement became a capital offence. People that counterfitted these notes and coins were also subject to the rigors of the law. Banknotes were initially backed with gold and each nation would hold stores of bullion to support their currency. These policies ensured that the general public developed confidence over a period in the country ’s coins and notes.     Keeping ahead of the crooks  Today, cryptocurrencies are suffering from some problems: Bitcoin has received bad press as a result of people manipulating transactions in order to facilitate double withdrawals. This may have been at least a part of the problem with Mt Gox; if so, it was certainly not the only problem. People cannot be expected to have confidence in crypto when money is being manipulated from within supposedly secure digitally encrypted accounts. People must have confidence that technology will keep their coins secure and not suffer from a gnawing fear that the same technology is being manipulated to undermine the currency and to take their hard earned funds. We must ensure that the people who have committed these criminal acts be pursued for the full money they have stolen; they must  be subject to some form of sanction and levels of security on the relevant exchanges, as well as individual wallets, must be improved.     Quark security?  Perhaps we should adopt a similar model to the Quark coin, very secure and very fast although I am much concerned with the level of pre-mining and what this means. It is very damaging for people who are non-techy and trying to understand cryptocurrencies when they hear about pump and dump schemes which the majority of the 200 plus cryptocurrencies seem to be. I believe that Bitcoin can become the gold that supports other cryptos, Litecoin can be, therefore, seen as the silver, but if other coins are to step up to acceptance then security levels must immediately improve. We should learn from what happened Flexcoin and Poloniex this week, next week the bad press coming may well act to push crypto back further.     Image courtesy of  paolofefe .  
INCREASE	   Overstock.com Surpasses Expectations With Bitcoin Twitter  Overstock.com under-estimated potential Bitcoin sales.  Based in Salt Lake City,  Overstock.com  surprised retailers and Bitcoin enthusiasts alike when they  began accepting Bitcoin  for payment on January 9th, roughly five months ahead of their initially stated schedule. Now it seems that their hard work has paid off, as  Overstock has now surpassed $1 million in Bitcoin sales , said CEO Patrick Byrne in an interview.  While the $1 million pales in comparison to the $1.3 billion of revenue the company brings in, Byrne has also said that instead of converting the bitcoins to dollars, the company is now keeping 10% of its Bitcoin in storage. When asked why Overstock stores a fraction of its bitcoin, he said it could possibly be used to pay vendors or employees. This, of course, is praised by ma ny Bitcoiners as proof that the company is willing to put faith in the crypto-currency, and not just its user ’s enthusiasm for spending.  Initially, Overstock.com had projected $5 million in Bitcoin sales for this year, but the company has had to revise its prediction to $10 million, doubling the first estimate.  Byrne also shared that Bitcoin customers are typically men, spending $230 on average as opposed to the $150 average by non-Bitcoin customers. So far 4,300 customers have paid using Bitcoin, with an estimated 60% of them being new to Overstock. Apparently the most popular items purchased by Bitcoiners are sheets, cell phone cases, socks, and computer accessories.  The companies stock (OSTK) rose nearly 10% today, outperforming the market.  Byrne ’s comments were cheered by Bitcoiners, now moving forward after Mt. Gox filing  bankruptcy  and admitting the loss of 740,000 BTC, in addition to both  Poloniex and Flexcoin being hacked . When asked about the trouble plaguing Bitcoin, Byrne said,  “Banks get robbed and no one says that something must be wrong with the dollar. ”  A Man On a Mission  Overstock CEO Patrick Byrne  Patrick Byrne is known to be an advocate of limited government and has stated that he supports Bitcoin; as it is in his interest  “to see a robust parallel monetary institution. ” Of course, saving 2% in processing fees on every transaction is a benefit that a shrewd business man like Patrick Byrne can ’t ignore.  Byrne started Overstock by buying the inventories of failed dot-com businesses and reselling the items below wholesale prices. In his time as Overstock ’s CEO, Byrne has lead a campaign against  “naked short-selling, ” where traders can essentially bet on a security ’s price falling without ever obtaining the security. Byrne feels that the practice encourages corruption in the market, and in 2005, he famously claimed on a conference call that there was a conspiracy headed by a  “Sith Lord ” to drive Overstock ’s share price below $10. Under pressure from Byrne and others, the SEC banned what it called  “abusive naked short-selling ” in 2008.  Considering Byrne ’s opposition to shorting securities without ever having access to those securities, it is easy to see why the commodity aspects of Bitcoin would be attractive to him. Bitcoin has the potential to provide the ease of using credit cards on the internet, without encouraging a credit-based system.  Amazon ’s last statement regarding Bitcoin was that it had no interest in accepting cryptocurrency, citing a lack of customer interest.  Source:  WSJ  
INCREASE	   BREAKING  – Critical Crypto Security Bug: Linux, Bitcoin Client Apps At Risk Twitter  Security Advisrory issued for gnutls package  –  “vulnerable to eavesdropping ”  A  security vulnerability  has been discovered in the standard Linux  gnuTLS  package.Both the Bitcoin daemon and wallet client are unaffected, but some third party client applications are dependent on this package for cryptographic library interaction. As a result all altcoin client applications using gnutls are also affected.  GnuTLS is a package that references the  openssl library  and is used by most Linux and Open Source applications for socket encryption. Linux distributions ranging from Debian to Ubuntu and Red Hat are at risk of eavesdropping in a similar manner to the recent Mac OSX bug that allowed the  keylogging Pony botnet  to enact the theft of over 700,000 online credentials, including online wallet passwords  – resulting in the theft of $220,000 worth of cryptocurrency.  The description of the security bug is outlined as follows at  Ubuntu Security Notices :     Nikos Mavrogiannopoulos discovered that GnuTLS incorrectly handled certificate verification functions. If a remote attacker were able to perform a man-in-the-middle attack, this flaw could be exploited with specially crafted certificates to view sensitive information.  CVE-2014-0092     At this moment we are still gathering information on this severe security vulnerability  – no doubt, one of the biggest to ever affect Linux.  Readers are advised to upgrade their Linux distribution packages to the latest versions and where packages are not yet upgraded to refrain from performing online transactions or logins to sensitive sites (banking, online wallet services, etc)  Developers and miners running Linux installations should manually upgrade to  gnutls 3.2.12 Specifically, look for packages like  libcurl4-gnutls-dev  that most certainly need upgrade.   The discoverer of the vulnerability sent out a  Security Advisory  two days ago warning of the exploit and his bug fix. Following a security alert it usually takes various package maintainers for different Linux distributions a hours to a few days to incorporate the fixes in their own packages repositories.  gnuTLS files typically installed in Ubuntu 12.04 LTS:      Operating Systems  not  affected  Google Android  Microsoft Windows  The above OSes do not install or utilize gnuTLS by default, however, where individual user installed applications utilize the gnuTLS library  – the vulnerability will most definitely present a security risk.     Have you been affected by this security vulnerability? Please tell us about it in the comments section below.  
INCREASE	   Scrypt Mining Rejoices Nvidia GTX 750 Ti Twitter  The Nvidia GTX 750 Ti has come up trumps in a comparison of mining GPUs.  Just when we all thought that AMD is king of the hill, along comes a Nvidia contender powered by their heavily plugged Maxwell chip  – and knocks the R7  for 1st place. A recent comparison test done by  Tom ’s Hardware  reveals the facts:     More Speed For Less Power  The GeForce GTX 750 Ti achieves 245 kh/s which is almost 40 kh/s faster than its nearest AMD rival, the R7 260 X which outputs 206 kh/s. The GTX 750 Ti achieves the hash rate by consuming only 60W of power compared to the R7 260 X ’s 130W. Although the Nvidia card is $20 more expensive by RRP, the bang-for-buck factor is significant and makes the GTX 750 Ti the surprise winner.  The bigger surprise is that the closest competitor above: the AMD R7 265 also falls short of the GTX 750 Ti in measures of value for money and power efficiency. Although the R7 265 output is 252 kh/s, a 7 kh/s advantage, it does so by burning through 150W of power  – more than double the consumption of the GTX 750 Ti! So from a TCO perspective you would be paying $11 more for the R7 265 ’s extra 7 kh/s only to pay double the cost in electricity throughout its useful life! Hmm. Which one to choose, eh?     Overclock Me, Please  A recent article in  Forbes  featured the GTX 750 Ti in an overclocking experiment (shown in the image below). It achieved 280 kh/s without distress to CUDAminer, and did so without rising above 60 degrees Celsius.      So, from the perspective of mining output per Watt, the GTX 750 Ti is best of breed. This calls into question the current preoccupation with AMD Radeon and the favor it enjoys. Is it justified? Apparently not, and Nvidia is nowhere near out of the mining GPU race yet.  As the Mining Performance per Watt chart below illustrates, the AMD flagship R9 290 is fairly power hungry. This is, of course, justified by its incredible output of 500 kh/s. If your rig allows it and your business plan demands it, you may find the unparalleled R9 290 to be the card for you. For the average miner, who is looking for a fast and cost effective card, the Nvidia GTX 750 Ti is a recommended buy.  Comparison chart courtesy of  PCperspectives     HBM Is Coming  Some miners mistakenly believe that GPUs are being made redundant in the mining sector by the rise of Scrypt ASICs. Think again!  A new generation of altcoins, notably  Execoin , are specifically designed to be ASIC resistant and argue that GPU mining is yet to experience it ’s hey-day. Read what the Execoin developers have to say about  the coming ASIC Invasion .  With AMD making a big deal of its forthcoming  High Bandwidth Memory (HBM) Pirate Islands  series, Nvidia is sure to follow. We can expect more miners to pile into the buying side for this new generation of GPUs, which look to challenge the notion that ASICs are the path to mining nirvana.  
INCREASE	   The Texas Bitcoin Conference Starts Tomorrow; Follow Me For Live Updates Twitter  Tomorrow, the Texas Bitcoin Conference (TBC) is kicking off at the Circuit of the Americas Technology and Conference Center.  The conference venue is a whopping 44,000 square feet and in order to properly utilize it the Texas Bitcoin Conference will be hosting everything from a hackathon to a  “bitcoincert. ”  The list of speakers is extensive; speakers are divided into three tracks which run simultaneously throughout the day: A Meta track, a Technical track, and a Merchant track.  I will be there tweeting live updates, so make sure to follow me on Twitter  @bitxbitxbitcoin . See y ’all there!  Texas Bitcoin Conference Hackathon  Hackathon Featuring 1 Million USD In Prizes  Texas Bitcoin Conference is hosting a Bitcoin 2.0 Hackathon simultaneously with the conference on Wednesday and Thursday.  The cost to attend the Hackathon is just $99.  Teams will compete to develop a Bitcoin related application for two days, with the winner being announced at the end of the Conference on Thursday.  David Johnston, the man behind the $1 million USD in prizes, publicized the event and answered questions on  Reddit a few days ago .  When asked why he was backing this hackathon, Johnston replied:  I ’m investing a million bucks because I believe whole heartedly that Bitcoin has pioneered a new model for developing technology.  See my whitepaper on the subject .   Johnston is incredibly interested in jump starting decentralized applications and the top 4 teams from the hackathon will receive $250,000 in kickstarter style funding, once they start the process of fundraising.  Student Discounts Available  The Texas Bitcoin Conference took to Reddit for a last publicity push this past weekend.  Along with Johnston ’s AMA, TBC officials also promised Redditors ’ a student discount.  Though the discount is only officially for students with valid Texas student IDs,  Yamamushi  says to reach out to him on Reddit if you are a non-Texan student seeking a discount.  The discounted student price is $50 at the door, as opposed to $325.  Check Out Austin Texas ’s Second Bitcoin ATM, Brought To You By  CoinVault  This past Sunday, Central Texas Gun Works celebrated Texas Independence Day by hosting a  community event in conjunction with the Austin Capital Area Food Bank .  The highlight of the event was the unveiling of CoinVault ATM ’s first Bitcoin ATM.   Back in January , Central Texas Gun Works owner Michael Cargill became one of the first legal firearm dealers in the world to accept Bitcoin.  Undoubtedly, Cargill is hoping the Texas Bitcoin Conference will bring some extra business to his shop.  The CoinVault ATM is a branded version of the RoboCoin ATM  Mt. Gox ’s civil rehabilitation  procedure application has stolen the spotlight from the launch of several Bitcoin ATMs in the last week.  Just today, the United Kingdom joined the United States and Canada in welcoming  her first Bitcoin ATM .  It wasn ’t that long ago that Austin, TX received its  first Bitcoin ATM , and the United States received her first bi-directional Bitcoin ATM.  There are now two bi-directional Bitcoin ATMs in Austin alone; not to mention, every reason to expect the  same trend to sweep through your city .  Check out this video showing the new CoinVault ATM in action!      
INCREASE	   AMD + HBM to Turbo Charge Scrypt Mining Twitter  AMD will use HBM in their upcoming Pirate Islands GPUs  The gaming industry is doing cryptocoin mining a lot of favours. A  joint development project by AMD and SK Hynix  promises to boost the capacity of commercially available memory later this year. The chip manufacturer plans to use it ’s new generation of memory module called High Bandwidth Memory (HBM) in it ’s GPUs and indications are that target delivery may be the highly anticipated  ‘Pirate Islands ’ series of GPUs.     Thousand Island Park  The island themed code names are by now familiar to miners, who discovered the unparalleled hashing power of the Southern Island chip series when, before the introduction of ASICs, Bitcoin mining was ramped up in early 2012 by the hashing power of AMD ’s popular HD 7000 cards.  October 2013 saw the release of the Volcanic Islands chip series as part of a strategic AMD campaign to dominate the Gaming GPU market. However,  AMD underestimated the miner demand  for these cards and the Volcanic Island Rx series was effectively sold out before it hit the retail shelves  – leaving both gamers and AMD stockholders looking for answers. Nvidia found itself alone in the race for a few lucky months. Usurped from its Gaming destiny, the R9 290 is of course the undisputed GPU heavy weight champion of scrypt mining, but  – grab the rails  – because that could loop-the-loop later this year when AMD introduces HBM 3D to it ’s GPU arsenal. HBM promises to give scrypt mining the heavy artillery that everyone perhaps expected would be delivered via hybrid ASICs.  Well, not  everyone . The  Execoin  developers, for example had anticipated the ASIC Invasion and coins like Execoin not only stand to benefit from the HBM GPU race but from  the coming ASIC threat  in general.  “One more step, Mr. Hands ” (from Treasure Island)  The target for HBM 3D technology is likely to be either of the Pirate Islands flagship GPUs, code named  ‘Treasure Island ’ and  ‘Bermuda ’, with a third chip,  ‘Fiji ’, positioned as an entry-level model.  Says Bryan Black , Senior Fellow and 3D Program Manager at AMD:      “Getting 3D going will take a  BOLD  move and AMD is ready to make that move.”     High Bandwidth Memory  The quest for faster memory had hit a ceiling with DDR5 RAM where neither design nor material changes can accomplish significant speed enhancement  – and, mind you, it ’s really fast. However, if we must go faster  – and we do  – enter 2.5 and 3D  “Stacked ” memory. As with CPU design and manufacture, this level of component design makes rocket science seem self-evident. We ’re talking nanotechnology and electronic switching that occurs at voltages and speeds smaller than most of us can comprehend. The design concept of HBM can be comprehended, because it is a logical progression from the flat memory banks of DDR.  Think of conventional RAM as a flat, single storey warehouse with aisles and shelves. When the CPU requests stored data, the memory module determines the location (memory address) of that data on the warehouse map and retrieves it from the relevant aisle and shelf. To increase the size of memory, the warehouse ’s floor space must be extended and, as a result, the process of retrieving data stored near the outer edges of the map takes longer. Until recently manufacturers ignored this  ‘slow edges ’ caveat , in favor of finding ways to speed-up memory by making the shelves and aisles smaller  – thereby effectively decreasing floor space. As mentioned, the current technological limit of miniaturization was achieved in DDR5 RAM.  Hynix promises memory module improvements with HBM  Instead of attempting to decrease the nanosize of aisles and shelves, HBM revolutionizes the memory storage model by, instead, extending the warehouse in the vertical plane. Memory storage is stacked in layers and so our warehouse now has more storeys with multiple elevators interconnecting them. This 3 dimensional memory array makes data storage and retrieval more compact and  efficient. Although the primary benefit is a boost to memory module speed, a knock-on effect is that the module consumes less energy than a conventional 2D memory map. Smart.     Commercial Availability  The concept of  “die stacking ” is not new and is currently used in some FPGAs and image sensors. Cost has, so far, prevented manufacturers from including stacked memory in commercial products. However,  Samsung  released the first generation of 3D solid state storage in 2013 and thereby ushered in a new era. AMD and Hynix aim to extend the concept of memory stacking to an interconnected 3D array. Obvious targets for their HBM offering include GPU, networking devices and high availability computing architectures.     65% Speed Improvement  The question remains:  “How fast? ” Hynix promotional material suggests they can achieve  40% power reduction  and an incredible  65% speed improvement . Whilst these figures are  “promised ” and not confirmed, whatever the exact speed increase, miners can look forward to greater hashing power and, important for bottom line, power savings.  There are also questions regarding AMD ’s commitment to the cryptocoin mining market. Are they even interested? Will AMD develop products aimed specifically at mining application, as opposed to gaming? We have already explored  how mining derailed AMD marketing strategy  surrounding the Pirate Islands series and it is unsure how they will address mining demand in the future.  AMD has not announced a Pirate Islands release date, other than saying  “late 2014 ”. We will alert readers with any new information.  See also:  How mining derailed AMD ’s marketing strategy ASIC Resistant Execoin to benefit from HBM and coming ASIC Invasion Side-by-side comparison of Nvidia GTX 750 Ti and AMD R7   – Shock!     
INCREASE	   Japan may introduce Bitcoin regulations this week Twitter  After the  tragedy of Mt. Gox , once the highest volume Bitcoin exchange, Japanese authorities are most likely already working on a plan of action to regulate the virtual currency. New guidelines will be issued by the cabinet, possibly later this week. A decision will be made for how the currency should be treated under the already existing laws.  Additionally banks and security firms will not be able to handle Bitcoin as part of their main businesses since cryptocurrencies will be treated similarly to a commodity, like gold.  Problems with taxing  Japanese authorities are trying to figure out ways to tax Bitcoin transactions, however, the way this could be done hasn ’t been figured out yet since one of the core advantages of using Bitcoin is the small fees and the part-anonymity.  “We haven ’t yet thoroughly grasped the situation, but some regulation is needed from the perspective of consumer protection, and we will also discuss (bitcoin) from the perspective of imposing asset tax, ” was what  Takuya Hirai , a Japanese politician of the Liberal Democratic Party stated.  Services using the virtual currency have experienced a wave of cyber attacks lately. From hacking online platforms to theft of coins. Numerous people were affected by recent attacks. The virtual currency has engendered a wave of a creative criminality  – from hacking online platforms to steal Bitcoins to their potential in money laundering, bribery and buying illicit products. Even earlier this week  Flexcoin , a Canada-based Bitcoin bank-like service announced that they were  shutting down  their services after a massive theft. Their total losses neared $600,000 worth of coins.  The panel had a hearing on Wednesday with consultants and officials from the Japanese authorities about the Mt. Gox collapse as Hirai said to reporters. The FSA and the Finance Ministry have stated that Bitcoin is not a currency and doesn ’t fall under their jurisdiction according to them, while the Bank of Japan has said it was studying the Bitcoin phenomenon with interest. Chief Cabinet Secretary  Yoshihide Suga  said the relevant Japanese ministries will be in close contact with each other on matters relating to bitcoin.  In the other hand, there are People like  Hiroshi Mikitani  (Japanese e-commerce billionaire and CEO of Rakuten Inc), who believe that Japanese authorities should be extra cautious with their actions when trying to regulate virtual currencies.  “As for whether we need regulations, they should first examine the situation a bit more and discuss it in depth. ” As he said to Kyodo News.  Does regulation have to be an International effort?  Japan sure doesn ’t want to go alone when trying to tax cryptocurrencies. Any regulation should involve international cooperation to prevent tax loopholes, Vice Finance Minister  Jiro Aichi  said last week. This would surely be something hard to achieve. There is almost no way Governments and financial authorities worldwide would agree on applying the same regulation rules. Even the US Senate had a  hearing regarding Bitcoin  in the past, their stance against Bitcoin was overall friendly; treating Bitcoin as innovation and agreeing on the fact that any regulation might drive this technology away from their country by making the market unattractive for it ’s related services. An opinion opposed to the one the Japanese authorities have.  Japan is surely going to have a hard time finding  “international cooperation ” on regulations. And to be honest regulations might not be harmful for Bitcoin but nobody knows what ’s going to follow if people with minimal on virtual currencies experience like those in the Japanese financial authorities try to regulate Bitcoin after a week long debates.   
INCREASE	   Sponsored Story: Build a Scrypt Coin and Receive 10 BTC Twitter  This is a  sponsored story .  We have received a request from  “Xeladories ” that wants a new customized Scrypt coin with all its functions. He is willing to pay 10 bitcoins for:  1.  A customized 100% premined Scrypt Coin with transaction fees and a fully working network  2.  A blockchain explorer  3.  Wallets for Mac, Windows and Linux  4.  A paper wallet service  5.  Live support  Including this  “Xeladories ” will pay 2 BTC a month for support and a working network. Other addons might appear.  Send your work and CV  to: xeladories (at) gmail.com. He does not accept anonymous requests.  
INCREASE	   More Than Half of Americans Have no Clue What Bitcoin is  Twitter  Most Americans are confused about Bitcoin.  A few days ago,  Bloomberg  conducted a random telephone survey of Americans (through Selzer  & Co. Research), asking them to correctly define and identify Bitcoin. Unsurprisingly, only 42% of Americans knew that Bitcoin is a virtual currency. Furthermore, many of those who knew about Bitcoin still weren ’t sure about how it can be used.  Take Olga Ruff, for instance. Ruff is a 62 year old woman from Dallas, Texas who knows the definition of Bitcoin. But beyond that, she ’s really unsure of what to make of the whole Bitcoin scene.  “I’m not sure what the value of it is, and what I’d be able to exchange it for …What use would it be for me? ”  Ruff is the owner of a small jewellery business, and is unlikely to begin accepting Bitcoin as a form of payment.  Another respondent, Jeremy Labadie, is a 32 year old from New York. Labadie works in Internet security, and is familiar with Bitcoin. However,  “I don’t necessarily know if it’s something I would think about using to make purchases. ”  Labadie and Ruff represent some of the most knowledgeable about Bitcoin. Many others were completely clueless. Amusingly, 6% of respondents thought that Bitcoin was an Xbox game while another 6% thought that it was an iOS app.  No, Patrick. Bitcoin is not an instrument. Litecoin is not an instrument either.  It ’s really not all that surprising that most Americans don ’t know or understand Bitcoin. The virtual currency has only recently become a hot topic in mainstream news. Furthermore, most Bitcoin-related news in mainstream media is overwhelmingly negative as it focuses on crime such as the Silk Road shutdown. As a result, most who have heard of Bitcoin think of it as an illegal money-laundering/ponzi/pyramid scheme.  For instance, 62 year old John Berg from Minnesota heard about Bitcoin through crime news.  “There was someone who was using it for something illegal, and it took the FBI a long time to sort it out. ”  Most of those who did know what Bitcoin was said that they favoured regulation. Younger Americans, those under the age of 35, were most likely to know what Bitcoin was and favour an unregulated currency. It ’s clear that Bitcoin still has a long way to go before it becomes widely accepted in everyday transactions, and such a lack of public knowledge of the currency certainly doesn ’t help.  
INCREASE	   Bitcoin As A Medium Of Exchange: Domestic Remittances Use Case Twitter  Bitcoin could be the most efficient means of moving fiat around the world.  International Remittances  Before we delve into the promise of Domestic remittances, we must understand the hype behind International remittances.  International remittances have been growing every year, and many consider it to be a “killer app” for Bitcoin.  One noticeable example of a startup rising up to face this challenge is Buttercoin.  About Buttercoin,  Bloomberg’s Businessweek  had this to say:  The company is working with licensed money transmitters in several countries to establish software systems in which currencies can be automatically converted—first into Bitcoin, then into another currency. Buttercoin will focus on a few markets at first, such as the $3.4 billion in annual remittances sent from from Canada to India. The company says it will take a commission of  less than 1 percent.  Any business that plans to be international in scope  and  legal compliance has many hurdles in front of them, so it’s a good thing Buttercoin has international support.  However, from this small case study we can appreciate the inherent difficulty in establishing an international remittance network.  Buttercoin is currently in the mire of regulatory hurdles and it may be a while before we see a functioning Bitcoin International remitt ance system of any sort.  However, the demand for international remittance transfers at less than 1% commission is very large in our current world where the current international remittance commission fee is an  average of around 9% .   Domestic remittances, sooner than International remittances, will highlight Bitcoin ’s superiority as a medium of exhcnage  Domestic Remittances  According to the UN, there are about 3.5x the amount of migrant workers that have migrated within their country of birth than workers that have migrated outside of their country of birth.   The aggregate amount of domestic remittances far outweighs that of international remittances.    As of 2011, in India,  domestic remittances are more than double that of international remittances , meaning that domestic remittances in India total over $100 billion USD per year.  Compare that with the $3.4 billion USD market that Buttercoin is facing.  In Sub-Saharan Africa, where the fees for both international and domestic remittance transfers are the highest in the world, domestic remittances are  8 times more prevalent  than international remittances.  There is a wealth of data demonstrating the demand for more efficient domestic remittance methods.  I will focus on domestic and international remittances in China as those are the areas in which I have academic training and personal experience, respectively.  In a 2005 study by Chong and Zhong , the aggregate amount of domestic remittances was found to be much larger than the amount of international remittances.  This comes as no surprise given the floating migrant worker population in China that numbers more than 100 million.  The total of domestic remittances in 2005 was larger than that of international remittances in that same year.   The data for recent years is  not as readily available but extrapolation can be done on the growing not shrinking size of China’s migrant worker population.  Migrant workers within China  were found to use a combination of the China postal service, commercial banks, and rural credit cooperatives to remit their money, totally over $30 Billion USD, back home.  In recent years since the article though, commercial banks have been closing their rural branches due to changes in regulation.  This and other factors such as a intimidation by and/or unwillingness to part icipate in formal settings, forms, and procedures serve as an obstacle preventing the older, less educated, and poorer from knowing about or utilizing these formal forms of remittance.  Instead, as little as 25%, but likely much more, of remittance money is sent through informal means, such as having a trusted friend visiting the village to carry the cash right to the family; h owever, due to the inherent difficulty in quantifying how much money moves around in this manner one must realize that the grand total of domestic remittances in any region or country is systemically underestimated.  The average per transaction fee for domestic remittances in China sits at around 1 to 1.5%; similarly, Wells Fargo charges $15 for a $500 to $1000 transfer from America to China which makes their fee 1.5% at best.   The fact of the matter is, 1 to 1.5% of the meager remittances that migrant workers are able to scrounge about to send home, is often 30 to 50 yuan, otherwise known as their monthly food allowance .  Even in China, with some of the lowest domestic remittance fees in the world, the demand for lower fees is still as strong as hunger pains; just imagine the potential in Africa.  The Path of the Future  With this knowledge in hand we are now able to identify the largest obstacles to Bitcoin, in relation to exchange use, are internet penetration and bank account penetration.  Access to the internet and having a bank account both are currently required to participate in the Bitcoin economy if the bitcoins need to be converted to a native currency for use purposes or for accounti ng purposes.  The reality is that Bitcoin is, as of yet, not poised to make even a small impact on the International Remittances market due to the lack of bank account penetration in the countries that would benefit most.  In developed countries such as the United States, almost 90% of all adults have a bank account, and also internet access.  In certain countries in Africa the bank account penetration rate is barely in the double digits; furthermore, there is an  increased gap in bank account penetration  between the top 20% richest and the 20% poorest in each country.  The lack of financial institutions of any sort are part of the reason why these poor areas stay poor, as there isn ’t infrastructure to provide loans to reinvest in the community or even to provide basic savings functions.  Across the world, more promising data for the financial future via Bitcoin is provided by studies about internet penetration.  In China, there is a large and obvious gap between the number of urban Chinese internet users and the number of rural Chinese internet users.  However, compared with their urban counterparts,  rural Chinese internet users under the age of 19  are using proportionally more internet than their urban counterparts.  This supports the trend that all have undoubtedly observed: Internet penetration is increasing, partly due to the onset of 3G and mobile phones, and this phenomenon is occurring even in Africa.  More importantly, we are faced with the fact that internet penetration growth is far outpacing bank account penet ration growth.  We may soon find ourselves in a world where Bitcoin and other  cryptocoins  are the best “bank account” that someone in a third world country could conceivably own or have steady access to.  A single trusted domestic exchange is all that is necessary to utilize Bitcoin as a medium of exchange for domestic remittance transfers.  This exchange could be centralized or decentralized, compliant or non-compliant; however, it is much more plausible that said exchange would reach its status as trusted domestic exchange if they were centralized and legally compliant.  Trusted domestic Bitcoin exchanges within countries  will  become the preferred method of domestic remittance due to their ability to offer the lowest fees.  From there, Bitcoin’s use for international remittances will be a natural progression.  
INCREASE	   PSA: Do Not Fall for the Apple Bitcoin Miner Hoax Twitter  This will erase everything from your computer.  The folks at  4chan  are well-known for their malicious pranks, with this being one of the newest. The image claims that all post-2009 Macs come with a Bitcoin miner built-in, and that it simply needs to be unlocked by typing a certain string in Terminal. First of all, it ’s never a wise idea to type random stuff in Terminal/Command Prompt unless you know what you ’re doing. This particular command simply reformats your hard drive.  This isn ’t the first time that 4chan trolls have tried to trick people into destroying their devices. A recent prank caused Xbox One users to brick their devices in the hopes of attaining backwards compatibility with Xbox 360 games.  This puts your Xbox in a reboot loop, effectively bricking it.  Another prank was designed to trick iPhone users into dropping their phones in water.  A software update cannot make your phone waterproof.  So in short, if something seems too good to be true, it usually is. Macs do not come with Bitcoin miners built in. But if you do want to mine on a Mac,  DiabloMiner  is one of the best.  
INCREASE	   BREAKING NEWS: Woodland Patchwork, or  “The Patch ”, a Micronation in Japan Declares Bitcoin their Official Currency Twitter  Woodland Patchwork is an enclave and exclave micronation spread out over 10,117 km squared of non-contiguous land in the Japanese Archipelago  Woodland Patchwork  “The Patch ” is a small micronation  declared autonomous from Japan on October 23, 2013 by Hideyuki Yoshida.  Over the last twenty years, Hideyuki Yoshida has laid legal claim to 2.5 million acres of abandoned woodlands.   “The Patch ” describes itself as a  “sovereign, independent, nature-based, territorial micronation ” participating in the  “new nation project. ”  Currently, only 11  “Woodlanders ”,  “Woodlander ” being the demonym for a resident of Woodland Patchwork, reside within  “The Patch. ”  They often gather at the first established hamlet in  “The Patch, ” Yakozue, which is located on the east side of the Hida Mountains in Shinshu.  80% of the land is dense forest while 20% of the land is arable, which is enough to support this fledgling micronation ’s food needs.  While no actual nation has given official recognition to the micronation, Woodland Patchwork has made international headlines with their choice of official currency.  Many Bitcoiners, including myself,  thought that the Principality of Sealandia would be the first state entity to recognize Bitcoin as their official currency; unfortunately, they have not yet started using Bitcoin as their official currency.  There are several other potential jurisdictional areas that could be utilizing Bitcoin as their official currency in the coming years.   Edan Yago of Honduras writes about  startup cities  that may soon become a reality.  Blueseed, a  Cruise Ship Startup Community , received a large some of Bitcoin funding directly from the Bitcoin Foundation.  While Woodland Patchwork may not be a micronation targeted at startups specifically, the fact that they have decided to choose Bitcoin as their official currency speaks volume to the penetration of Bitcoin into the minds of forward-thinking individuals.  Maybe Satoshi Nakamoto is one of the 11  “Woodlanders ” currently residing in  “The Patch. ”  Have a cryptic day, mis amigos.  
DECREASE	   Google Cloud Launches Blockchain Toolkit for App Developers Twitter  Developing blockchain solutions for enterprise clients just got easier for Google Cloud users, thanks to a collaboration between the computing giant and a distributed ledger technology (DLT) startup led by former JPMorgan executive Blythe Masters.  Announced on Monday, the partnership will see  Digital Asset  provide a software development kit (SDK) to developers working on Google Cloud, enabling them to test and build blockchain applications without having to code the entire platform themselves.  Leonard Law, Head of Financial Services Platform at  Google Cloud , said in a statement that DLT has “great potential” for customers in a number of industries.  “DLT has great potential to benefit customers not just in the financial services industry, but across many industries, and we’re excited to bring these developer tools to Google Cloud.”  “We’re partnering with Google Cloud to provide developers with a full stack solution so they can unleash the potential for web-paced innovation in blockchain,” added Blythe Masters, CEO of Digital Asset and the former CFO of JPMorgan’s investment bank. “This will reduce the technical barriers to DLT application development by delivering our advanced distributed ledger platform  and modelling language to Google Cloud.”  Ultimately, though, Digital Asset hopes that the collaboration will drive more developers to its Digital Asset Modeling Language (DAML) platform-as-a-service (PaaS) program, which will now be available through Google Cloud’s Orbitera application marketplace.  Armed with these products, the company boasts that developers will have access to an “end-to-end toolkit to build and deploy sophisticated distributed applications. ”  Google is just the latest cloud computing provider to deploy tools for blockchain developers.  Earlier this year, Amazon Web Services (AWS)  introduced blockchain templates  for  Ethereum  and enterprise platform  Hyperledger Fabric  (of which Digital Asset was an initial contributor). As with the new collaboration between Google Cloud and Digital Asset, the AWS blockchain templates allow developers to create and deploy DLT applications without having to write the underlying source code from scratch.  More recently, Oracle  announced  that it will introduce a PaaS blockchain product by the end of July and will begin rolling out DLT applications in August.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Ban U-Turn? India’s Central Bank Admits Cryptocurrency Regulation is Necessary  Twitter  In a first, India’s central bank has called for the regulation of the domestic cryptocurrency sector during Friday’s hearing at the Supreme Court, weeks after enforcing a banking ban against crypto companies.  Earlier in April, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)  issued a circular  that forbade all financial institutions – banks included – from offering services to businesses in the cryptocurrency sector. Furthermore, the policy also mandated banks to stop customers from purchasing cryptocurrencies using fiat funds in their banking accounts.  A public interest litigation (PIL) filed in India’s Supreme Court calling for regulation of the cryptocurrency sector saw the central bank  absolve itself of any responsibility  in framing a policy, claiming it was a policy matter requiring legislation through India’s Parliament rather than a subject of debate among courts.  Amazingly, the RBI then admitted that it – as a central bank responsible for framing monetary policies in the country –  conducted no research nor consultation  before enforcing the prohibitive policy in keeping banks from offering services to cryptocurrency businesses and exchanges.  As CCN  reported  last week, India’s Supreme Court finalized a September date as the final hearing from the crypto industry petitioning against the central bank banking ban. It has also come to light that the lawyer representing the central bank also underlined the need to regulate the sector, the first notable instance wherein the RBI has called for regulation as a matter of policy.  As reported by the  Financial Express , RBI special counsel Shyam Divan told a bench led by chief justice Dipak Misra and justices AM Khanwilkar and DY Chandrachud that it was necessary to regulate bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies to prevent “illegal transactions” in the country. Last week’s hearing also had India’s attorney general KK Venugopal in attendance, signifying the importance of the petition and case ov erall.  The RBI’s softening stance, after  years  of  repeated  public  warnings  by the central bank, coincides with the timing of a  final draft  of regulations developed by  an inter-governmental committee  tasked to formulate a policy for the sector in the country.  Rumors are that Indian authorities are looking to classify cryptocurrencies as  commodities , a move that would see cryptocurrency trading markets regulated similarly to traditional mainstream financial markets.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Asian Asset Management Firm to Launch Crypto Custody for Family Offices Twitter  Asian asset management firm Fusang Investment Office is set to launch a crypto asset custody service called Fusang Vault in Hong Kong.  The firm, which usually focuses its operations on private family offices in Hong Kong, Singapore and Malaysia, credits heightened interest in cryptocurrencies from high-net-worth individuals and institutional clients for the move.  Crypto Custody Growing Trend  Earlier in July, CCN  reported  that when Coinbase launched Coinbase Custody, its heavily anticipated crypto custody service, the crypto market immediately responded positively, as institutional investors took it as a means of reducing risk when investing in crypto assets.  The same reasoning seems to be at play with Funang Vaults, as CEO Henry Chong alluded to in  comments  quoted by the South China Morning Post.  He said:  “Digital assets are akin to bearer bonds, whereby whoever that is holding the security is presumed to be the owner and there is no registration of ownership information of the security. Hence, the way we keep digital asset secured is of paramount importance.”  According to Chong, the goal is to replicate the role of an independent custodian bank in conventional finance, with the aim of providing a reliable digital asset holding service and carrying out periodic audits of these holdings.  Chong provided no detailed information about the operation of Funang Vaults, but he mentioned that the service is expected to go live in Q4 2018, and that the firm is currently working with insurers to provide indemnity for its clients crypto assets.  It is expected that the entry of reliable crypto custody services into the market will have a large positive effect on investment, particularly from risk-averse financial institutions which have historically viewed cryptocurrencies with suspicion.  CCN earlier  reported  that a number of services like Xapo have gained prominence for offering unique, high-security cold-storage solutions for crypto assets. Hedge funds and asset managers who increasingly want to trade crypto may however find such solutions impractical for the purpose of everyday trading, and it is this market gap that Coinbase Custody seeks to fill.  It remains to be seen whether Funang Vaults will position itself as a competitor to Coinbase Custody. In the meantime, not everyone is a fan of the proposed service.  Speaking to the South China Morning Post, Jolyon Ellwood-Russell, a partner at Simmons  & Simmons pointed out that since crypto custody is not regulated in Hong Kong, Funang Vault users are solely dependent on the terms and conditions in the service contract in the event of any losses.  In his view, the existing documentation does not take care of all legal eventualities. He said:  “For example, in what capacity are the custodians holding the assets? Are they holding them as a bailment, that is, a trust, so the assets are outside the estate of the custodian on an insolvency. Just having segregated accounts does not automatically mean that on an insolvency the investors assets will be protected or recoverable from a receiver or liquidator.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Chinese City Starts a $1.5 Billion Fund to Promote Public Blockchain Projects Twitter  Nanjing, Jiangsu ’s capital, is committed to investing in public blockchain projects and overall token economy. The capital of this Chinese province put together a 10 billion yuan ($1.5 billion) fund in a blockchain investment fund.  A Beijing-based alliance, Zhongguancun Blockchain Industry Alliance, is teaming up with Nanjing City to launch this blockchain investment fund of $1.5 billion. The alliance, formed by government research institutes and blockchain companies, revealed the bold initiative at the first Industrial Public Chain Summit (IPCS). Among the high-level government official attendees, there  was the Deputy Secretary of the Communist Party of China, Luo Qun.  Finally Ready to Embrace the Sector?  China has had a somewhat interesting approach to cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology over the years. Just less than a year ago,  China banned all ICOs  and recently reaffirmed its stance by  pledging to go after the so-called foreign ICOs .  However, earlier this year the country  ranked several existing cryptocurrencies   — Bitcoin didn ’t even make it to the top 10,  — and it has recently registered an  increase of 454% in companies including  ‘blockchain ’ in its name .  Now a Chinese official authority is working alongside a blockchain alliance to develop the local token economy and public blockchain projects. While the country might have been extremist at the beginning, it certainly is changing its approach to the cryptocurrency world.  Two Projects Have Been Selected For The Blockchain Fund  The  UDAP Foundation  and TokenX Community are reportedly the  first recipients of the fund . UDAP is aiming to build a decentralized asset platform in which users can tokenize assets, and TokenX Community ’s goal remains a mystery, at this point.  Not only is Nanjing City planning on fund blockchain projects, it ’s also planning on having these companies moving their location to its territory.  China is already the world leader  in the number of blockchain-related patents filled  — 225 last year, followed by the U.S. with 91.  The Convergence of Blockchain Technology With Industries  The Chairman of Zhongguancun Blockchain Industry Alliance, Yuandao, believes as industries adopt blockchain technology and more chains are created, more technological breakthroughs will come along, too.  At the event, the Deputy Chairman of Tsinghua University ’s Internet Industry Research Center, Wang Xiaohui, agreed that merging blockchain technology with industries, among consensus, global cooperation, and autonomy, will be the pillars of a healthy and successful token economy.  Nanjing city skyscape image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Double Spend Attacks ‘Unrealistic’ on Blockchains with High Hashrate: Bank of Canada Research Twitter  A newly-published study from the Bank of Canada on incentive-based mining has confirmed what many cryptocurrency supporters have long argued: the risk of double spend attacks is relatively low on high-hashrate networks like Bitcoin and Ethereum, though smaller networks may not be quite so safe.  The  study , which was conducted by Jonathan Chiu and Thorsten V. Koeppel, applied game theory to incentive compatibility on the blockchain in an attempt to discover the security of  Proof-of-Work  (PoW) consensus protocols and, specifically, whether users can trust that the information in the public ledger is immutable.  To conduct this evaluation, they gamed a hypothetical  double spend attack , an event in which a miner successfully re-writes blockchain data to erase one transaction and replace it with another, thus allowing them to “spend” the same funds multiple times. This usually occurs at a  cryptocurrency exchange , where the funds can quickly be laundered and withdrawn.  These attacks require a significant amount of computing power, which is why they are generally associated with  51 percent attacks , which occur when an individual miner or mining cartel accumulates a majority of a network’s hashpower and can theoretically force the remaining nodes to accept their version of the blockchain as valid.  A number of small-cap altcoins have been hit by double spend attacks in recent months, but larger coins are far less vulnerable.  According to the report’s authors, it is “unrealistic” that such attacks will occur, at least on large networks, since these attacks  — which may or may not succeed  — force would-be attackers to incur a “large, irretrievable sunk cost.”  They concluded:  “However, from an economic point of view, this requires that a dishonest miner has deep pockets and is risk neutral. These assumptions tend to be unrealistic and, in practice, users have little economic incentives to launch such an attack, especially when the computational investment by other miners is large.”  That’s not to say that double spend attacks never occur. In fact, as CCN has reported, they have become  increasingly common  among small-cap cryptocurrencies in recent months, particularly those that share a hashing algorithm with Bitcoin or can be mined profitably using GPUs.  To decrease their sunk cost, attackers rent hashpower from “cloud mining services”  — often by the hour. There is far too little surplus hashpower available for an attacker to attack large coins like  Bitcoin  or  Ethereum , but it’s often alarmingly cheap to execute 51 percent attacks on cryptocurrency networks worth hundreds of millions of dollars.  The bank notes that cryptocurrency exchanges and other payment recipients concerned about double spend attacks can mitigate the risk of becoming a victim to one by increasing “confirmation lag,” or the number of blocks that they require to pass before they deliver the service or goods associated with a transaction.  Indeed, once a successful double spend has been identified, the first action that developers advise exchanges and other high-value targets to take is to drastically increase confirmation lag  — at least temporarily  — to increase the difficulty of rewriting the blockchain.  Moreover, cryptocurrency exchanges that suffer double spend attacks are often found to have credited user deposits after too few confirmations, making them prime targets for these attacks.  Altogether, the Bank of Canada study did not break any new ground on mining incentives, but it should further validate what cryptocurrency supporters have long said about this particular network security model.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Brazilian Bitcoiner Sees Passport Suspended after Slamming Tax Service Twitter  A popular Brazilian YouTuber has been prohibited from leaving the country after he slammed the country’s federal revenue service, the Receita Federal, in one of his videos. The YouTuber, Daniel Alves Fraga, is a well-known libertarian who first got into  bitcoin  in 2012.  According to local news outlet  Portal do Bitcoin , Fraga was hit with a lawsuit accusing him of libel and slander, after he included two tax auditors, Claudio Marcio Oliveira Damasceno and Mario Pereira de Pinho Filho, in a video titled “Receita Federal Teaches us to steal,” where he slammed the organization.  The case dates back to August 2015, and is based on Fraga using the auditors’ image on as the video’s background, and claiming they’re “the worst bandits in existence, and a bunch of tie-wearing thieves looking to steal from the people.”  The video reportedly had over 14,000 views on YouTube before the country’s government decided to step in and pursue legal action against Fraga who, since the lawsuit was filed, hasn’t been found.  In an attempt to stop Fraga from getting away without facing any consequences, his passport was suspended so he won’t leave  Brazil . Per Portal do Bitcoin, it doesn ’t end there. Citing a court order, the news outlet wrote (translated):  “It was further determined, by court order, that his voter ’s title, any Internet service contracted by him or in which he was in any a beneficiary, should be suspended, in addition to suspending and preventing the renewal of his driver ’s license. ”  In the South American country, slander cases prescribe after three years, and as such a federal judge rejected a criminal complaint regarding slander, while maintaining prosecution for libel. Notably,  court documents  reveal another 12-minute video was posted on Fraga’s YouTube channel, in which he called the auditors “thieves, idiots, bums, donkeys,” and more.  Daniel Fraga’s rise to fame  Fraga is notably a well-known libertarian in the country, who advocated for bitcoin back in 2012, when the flagship cryptocurrency was still trading at little over $3. He became famous after criticizing a case in which a politician sued to get “memes negative towards his campaign” removed from Facebook.  In the case, Fraga even criticized the judge – who agreed to get the memes removed – and was eventually sued for “moral damages.” He lost the case, but managed not to pay anything as all his possessions were in BTC.  At the time, he was quoted as saying (translated):  “[I wish] the judge good luck to try to access my Bitcoin portfolio. ”  Daniel Fraga’s  YouTube channel  has over 100,000 subscribers, and its last video was posted one year ago. In some of his older content, he tells his viewers to start using bitcoin instead of the country’s fiat currency, the real.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin’s Volume Recovers as Augur Drop 18%, Tokens Take Huge Beating Twitter  Despite the strong performance of bitcoin over the past 24 hours, tokens have recorded large losses against both bitcoin and the US dollar, dropping by 10 to 20 percent.  Bitcoin Volume Recovers But Tokens Struggle  On July 22, CCN reported that the volume of bitcoin has dropped by more than 36 percent since July 20, within a 48-hour period, from $5 billion to $3.5 billion. The daily trading volume of other major digital assets and stablecoins including ether and Tether (USDT) also dropped by a similar margin, showing the lack of demand from investors.   However, in the past 12 hours, the volume of BTC surged from $3.5 billion to $4.9 billion, as a solid increase in price from $7,400 to $7,700 sparked interest in the market. The sudden increase in the value of BTC temporarily led some tokens such as Basic Attention Token (BAT) and Augur (REP) to rise substantially.  On July 22, REP rose by over 35 percent against both BTC and the US dollar, following a surge in volume from 70 BTC to 2,000 BTC on Binance, the largest crypto exchange in the global market. Over a span of 24 hours, the price of REP fell 15 percent from nearly 0.006 BTC to 0.00435 BTC.  Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash have been able to secure momentum with a 2 percent increase in price, while the rest of the market fell significantly within a short period of time. Even tokens like 0x (ZRX) and Decentraland (MANA), which have performed especially well against bitcoin in the past week, fell by over 8 percent.  Aelf (ELF), Ontology (ONT), ICON (ICX), and Zilliqa (ZIL) fell to their monthly lows, regardless of the strong movement of bitcoin.  Often, tokens follow the movement of BTC and ether, with intensified movements on both the downside and upside. When BTC falls, tokens fall by a larger margin and when BTC surges, tokens increase substantially.  Throughout July, tokens have struggled to find momentum even throughout short corrective rallies of bitcoin, demonstrating a strange behaviour against major digital assets.  The disappearance of the correlated movements between tokens and major digital assets can be attributed to the tendency of investors in the cryptocurrency market of allocating their funds to bitcoin amidst a bear market, for stability and reduced volatility.  Positive Developments  This week, Facebook and Google, two of the largest social media and advertising platforms, restored the ads of Coinbase, the biggest cryptocurrency brokerage and exchange in the global market.  Analysts have stated that the recovery of Coinbase ads by the two internet conglomerates have shown their intent to serve legitimate companies and crackdown on fraudulent operations such as scam initial coin offerings (ICOs) and token sales.  Acknowledging the good actors in the space and cracking down on businesses that rely on malpractices is an important step towards legitimizing and legalizing the entire cryptocurrency sector that could ultimately affect the value of cryptocurrencies in the long-term.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   U.S. Attorney Moves to Dismiss Murder-for-Hire Charges Against Ross Ulbricht Twitter  A U.S. Attorney for the District of Maryland has filed a  motion  to dismiss pending charges against Ross Ulbricht, known as “Dread Pirate Roberts,” who is serving a life sentence following his conviction for his role in the Silk Road marketplace which facilitated the sale of illegal drugs.  The motion to drop the indictment and superseding indictment for pending charges was filed by Attorney Robert Hur, who noted that Ulbricht’s sentence and conviction have been affirmed on appeal and that the Supreme Court has denied an appeal.  The pending charges in Maryland included the allegation  that Ulbricht tried to hire a hitman to commit murder, charges that Ulbricht claimed influenced the judge to give him an unreasonably harsh sentence.  Hur ’s motion, filed with United States District Judge Catherine C. Blake, advised that Ulbricht remain in the Bureau of Prisons custody.  Supreme Court Ruling Ends Legal Saga   Last month,  the Supreme Court denied Ulbricht’s petition  for writ of certiorari, a ruling that prevented him from appealing his life sentence. That ruling was seen as bringing Ulbricht’s lengthy legal war to an end.  Ulbricht’s case was seen by legal experts as raising constitutional questions, which led some to think the case would get a hearing. A total of 20 organizations filed amicus curiae briefs supporting Ulbricht’s petition, including the National Lawyers Guild, the Gun Owners of America, and the Reason Foundation.  Ulbricht claimed his Fourth and Sixth Amendment rights were violated by law enforcement during the investigation and the sentencing. He cited the fact that law enforcement officers gathered internet traffic information without getting a required warrant.  He also claimed the judge placed an unreasonable sentence on him based in part on unsubstantiated allegations that he tried to contract a hitman, for which he never received due process.  Ulbricht supporters were hopeful that his petition would be granted on account of a court ruling in another case,  Carpenter v. United States , which held that the Fourth Amendment gives people an expectation of privacy over personal data, even when they provide it to third parties.  Legal expert Tom Goldstein, who taught Supreme Court litigation at Harvard Law School and co-founded the SCOTUSblog,  said Ulbricht’s case covered legal matters having a reasonable chance  of being heard by the Supreme Court.  Also read:  Libertarian Party urges Trump to pardon Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht  Presidential Pardon Sought  Following the Supreme Court ruling denying Ulbricht ’s petition,  the Libertarian Party asked President Trump to pardon  Ulbricht at its annual convention this month. Darryl Perry, chair of the Libertarian Party of New Hampshire, noted that because of the ruling, a presidential pardon is Ulbricht ’s only hope of getting out of jail.  Perry said if the president does not act according to the resolution, the country needs to elect a Libertarian president in 2020 to get Ulbricht pardoned.  Ross Ulbricht Image from FreeRoss.org  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Hits $7700 as Other Coins Remain Relatively Sluggish Twitter  The Bitcoin price  rose by nearly 5% overnight  on Sunday to touch the $7700 level after having had a relatively quiet Sunday trading between the $7400 and $7500 mark. This unexplained boost could probably be due to more investors taking their money out of other crypto currencies and sliding them into the top cryptocurrency.  At 9 am CEST on Bitfinex, the Bitcoin price was trading at around $7660 – a rise of 4%. Other coins were still relatively at low levels however with Ethereum trading at around $466 – a mere 1% increase whilst Ripple and Litecoin remained relatively stable in the $0.46 and $86 levels respectively.   According to analysts, it could mean that a bullish forecast is on the way for bitcoin price. A sell-off could trigger the opposite direction although the considerable increase in volume which almost touched the $1 billion mark across all exchanges, could see that scenario dissipate quite quickly.  However, if the current momentum continues, one should expect the 55-period-EMA to cross the short-term averages once more, creating another potential bullish setup as it edges closer toward its next psychological target of $8,000. If that target is breached then the price could go all the way to the $10,000 level in a very short space of time and potentially drag other coins with it.  Currencies which had seen consistent gains over the past week also performed well over the weekend and on Monday.  Stellar Lumens rose by around 8% on Sunday  and by a further 4% on Monday to trade at over the $0.30 level whilst Cardano also rose by around 7% to reach the $0.18 mark. NEO was still slightly sluggish and only posted a minimal 1% increase over the previous 24 hours to settle at around $34. Litecoin was also up by around 3% to settle at the $85 level with a push for the $90 level not untoward if the current levels of turnover persist.  Ethereum Classic was sluggish with a 2% rise to settle at the $16.60 level whilst VEN and ONT remained relatively stable in the $1.83 and $3.23. There was little movement in other coins with smaller market caps with IOTA up 2% to the $1 level again whilst ICX registered a similar 2% rise to the $1.39 level.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Set for Major Bullish Breakout: Traders Twitter  According to sources who are  analysing the current situation regarding the bitcoin price consistently , it appears that the cryptocurrency may be in line for a major breakout.  An analysis from Telegram groups and recent comments on Discord channels have also appeared to confirm this sentiment.  BTC/USD | Bitstamp | Source: BitcoinWisdom  Bitcoin has officially made a higher high on the daily, testing a big resistance at $7,800 (inverted head and shoulders target) and testing the mid-term downtrend line. The top line has now broken and one can expect a big run up in the days ahead. According to sources, if the line is broken more this week at the right time, it will cause a flood of buying followed by a small retracement or correction.  BTC/USD | Bitfinex  At present, the bitcoin price is trading just above the $7,700 level on Bitfinex, with turnover slightly on the lower side when compared to last week’s levels. What is different from the usual is that all major cryptocurrencies have either registered small drops or are stable, with BTC being the only real gainer alongside bitcoin cash and cardano. Sources said that it is still not the season for alts –- these continue to perform sluggishly although that could change when bitcoin starts its upward ride.  The fact that BTC pushed a higher high is already bullish, and we also closed the daily with a higher low. The RSI keeps peaking into overbought conditions and cooling off, maintaining bull momentum for the upcoming ETF news. The news regarding a new  bitcoin ETF  would certainly send the market skyrocketing upwards.  It appears that bitcoin is nearing bull confirmation, with high volume coming from buyers. A break of $7,800 can send BTC into a run to $8,250, which is the level needed to break and confirm at least mid-term bull, as it is a swing high of the recent downtrend.  Sentiment remains bullish, with bears struck in fear with every leg up. This is looking great for BTC; however, we are still in a 6-month bear market trend, so it would be good to keep an eye on price movements.  Supports and Resistances have been identified by traders in Telegram group  RSSignals  as follows:  Key Supports:  $7339 $7214 $7075  Key Resistances:  $7798 $7943 $8225  Click  here  for a real-time bitcoin price chart.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Fraud Now Second Most Common Investment Scam in Australia: Watchdog  Twitter  Australia’s national consumer watchdog has warned that cryptocurrency trading scams have grown ‘significantly’ over a 12-month period and are now the second most-common kind of investment scam in the country.  An independent government authority tasked with the mandate of enforcing consumer protection laws with oversight into scam-related trends in Australia, the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC)has a scam-alert domain dubbed ‘Scamwatch’.  In a  warning  on the ongoing alert radar on Monday, the watchdog raised public caution in bringing attention toward increasingly ‘prevalent’ cryptocurrency trading and binary option scams.  Cryptocurrency trading scams, in particular, have seen marked growth in the last twelve months and have become the ‘second most common type of investment scam offer pushed on victims,’ the ACCC said.  In statements, ACCC deputy chair Delia Rickard added:  “The rise in popularity in cryptocurrency trading has not been missed by scammers who are latching onto this new trend to con people. These are similar to any other investment scam: the scammer will claim to have inside knowledge about price movements they will use to make you a fortune. If you invest, your money will quickly disappear. ”  As reported in November 2017, the ACCC revealed  a 126% spike  in bitcoin-related scams coinciding with the crypto market bull run toward the tail-end of last year.  Urging investors to be wary of fraudulent schemes, she warned Australians to steer clear of claims such as ‘risk-free investment’, ‘low risk, high return’ or ‘get-rich quick’.  Meanwhile, the watchdog confirmed that schemes purporting to offer investments in traditional investment markets like stocks, commodities or real-estate continue to represent ‘the vast majority of investment scams’ in Australia.  Earlier this year, the ACCC revealed it had received a total of  1,289 complaints  related to cryptocurrency scams from Australian citizens in 2017. The total reported losses from those complaints stood at a little over AUD$1.2 million.  In its annual scam report released in May, the ACCC revealed a total of 200,000 scam reports submitted to the authority with accumulated total losses of  AUD $340 million . Crypto-related scams including fake initial coin offerings (ICOs) amounted to a fraction of those total losses at a relatively mere AUD$2.1 million overall. The figure, the ACC said, ‘is likely the very tip of the iceberg.’  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Someone Tried to Hack Etherscan [Using the Comment Section] Twitter  Ethereum block explorer Etherscan has thwarted an apparent hacking attempt in which the would-be attacker attempted to use the comment section to serve up malicious code.  Users attempting to access the official  Etherscan  website on Monday were met by a suspicious Javascript popup message reading “1337,” suggesting that an attacker was attempting to inject malicious code into the website, likely in an attempt to execute an ethereum phishing scam.  Upon investigating the matter, Etherscan determined that the attack had originated in the website’s comment section, which allows users to comment on ethereum addresses and is powered by third-party comment hosting service Disqus.  Source: Etherscan  The website promptly disabled the summarized Disqus comments at the site page footer and, according to an announcement posted on  Reddit , is now working on a patch that will encapsulate the footer HTML and prevent another similar incident from occurring in the future.  According to MyCrypto developer Michael Hahn, it does not appear that the website had served up any malicious code by the time developers had noticed the attack.  “XSS, in this case a javascript injection, was taking advantage of Disqus comments that people use to comment on addresses. It doesn ’t appear that Etherscan had been serving malicious code when it was noticed. Disqus comments on Etherscan.io were disabled until a security patch is published which will encapsulate/encode the field to remove the vulnerability to XSS.”  However, it’s likely that the hacker had something far more sinister in mind than creating annoying pop-up messages. For instance, the attacker could have ultimately hoped to inject code designed to trick users into exposing their private keys or sending a transaction to a hacker-controlled wallet.  Thankfully, this particular scheme does not seem to have had led to any loss of funds, though other recent incidents have not been resolved quite so cleanly.  Earlier this month, hackers  infiltrated Hola , a free virtual private network (VPN) extension for Google Chrome, and used that access to monitor the activity Hola users who accessed ethereum web wallet service MyEtherWallet.  In February, hackers  phished approximately $1 million  from users attempting to contribute to the Bee Token initial coin offering (ICO) by impersonating the token sale’s operators on social media and in email conversations.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   G20 Nations Seek Cryptocurrency AML Regulation Standards by October 2018 Twitter  The world’s biggest economies are now eyeing a definitive plan to apply anti-money laundering (AML) regulatory standards for the cryptocurrency sector by October this year.  The Group of Twenty (G20) forum – a group of finance ministers and central bank governors from the EU and 19 of the world’s largest economies – has reiterated its intent to bring the cryptocurrency sector under the purview of international AML standards during a meeting in Buenos Aires over the weekend.  An  official statement  issued by the forum on Sunday confirmed member nations will ‘remain vigilant’ in monitoring the crypto sector despite claiming ‘crypto-assets do not at this point pose a global financial stability risk’.  The G20 forum pointedly called on its watchdog, the Financial Stability Board (FSB) and other related regulators in standard setting bodies (SSBs) to monitor risks in the sector as well to ‘assess multilateral responses as needed.’  Further, an excerpt from the document revealed G20 members doubling down on their intention to regulate the cryptocurrency sector in their jurisdictions while setting an October deadline for proposals to that end.  The statement read:  “We reiterate our March commitments related to the implementation of the FATF standards and we ask the FATF to clarify in October 2019 how its standards apply to crypto-assets. ”  The Financial Action Task Force (FATF) – an international body of 37 nations tasked to combat money laundering and terrorism financing – is already working on  binding rules  for cryptocurrency exchanges globally. Discussions toward the initiative began in June toward a unified approach in establishing licenses and KYC norms for cryptocurrency exchanges.  A reported last week, the FSB outlined  a number of metrics  to monitor crypto markets as a part of its new framework. Keeping track of the market cap of major coins like Bitcoin and Ethereum, both in size and growth, and their volatility count for some of the primary risk metrics.  FSB chair and Bank of England governor Mark Carney has led the call for “ vigilant monitoring ” of the cryptocurrency sector, addressing the frenetic growth of markets following last year’s bull run.  Featured screencap of G20 meeting from G20.  
DECREASE	   Self-Proclaimed ‘Exit Scam’ and Gambling DApps Rake in $43M in Ether Twitter  Currently, the biggest Ethereum decentralized applications (DApps or dApps) by users and volume,  FOMO3D  and  PoWH3D , have raked in $43M worth of ether, according to their current contract balances.  Both the DApps have been developed by a group called  Team JUST  as a “tongue-in-cheek joke about the state of cryptocurrency as a whole. ” In the last week, the DApps have surpassed a combined trading volume of about $85 million.  FOMO3D  FOMO3D is a decentralized game with a rather simple premise. Users can buy one or more tokens (“keys”) using ether and the ether used for the purchase is sent to a smart contract (“pot”). For every key bought, 30 seconds is added to a timer. The last person to buy a key wins the whole pot.  Users competitively buy keys in order to be the last key holder when the timer gets to zero, all the while increasing the value of the pot. Key holders are paid a small portion of the pot as dividends the whole time, further incentivizing them to participate in the whole [Ponzi] scheme.  So far, the pot contains about 26,000 ETH, and each key costs a 0.0054 ETH (~$2.50). The contract is scheduled to drain in about 24 hours, but the time keeps increasing with every key purchase. The cost of each key keeps increasing slowly over time, depending on the amount present in the pot. The whole process is supposedly run via smart contracts in a decentralized, trustless  manner, with no human intervention.  FOMO3D went live on the domain exitscam.me on July 18th.  In a statement to CCN, the lead designer, Justo, stated:  “The game was always going to be based on greed, but the marketing of it as an exit scam, and as a big theft in progress came much later ”.  When asked about how they envision the game ending at this point, he said:  “Fomo3D is kind of designed to just get bigger, and bring in more people, and get bigger, and bring in more people. I can ’t pretend to tell you what will happen. ”  Given the structure and rules of the game, it is quite evident that the amount of ether in the smart contract will likely continue to grow. It would certainly be very interesting to see how this whole ordeal will progress, given that it could potentially end up locking a lot of ether.  “Welcome to a psychological social experiment in greed” the website states. “Come on buy a key, all the cool kids are doing it anyway”.  PoWH3D  PoWH3D (“Proof of Weak Hands 3D”) is a “unique cryptocurrency exchange which allows you to trade Ethereum for P3D tokens. P3D tokens are ERC-20 tokens with a clever twist: every P3D holder receives direct earnings in Ethereum every time that anyone else buys, sells, or trades the token based on the amounts of tokens (in % out of total amount minted) held. The whole idea is that there will be more buyers facilitating ether to P3D holders.  While the game seems to be an obvious case of a pyramid scheme at first, it is more nuanced and complex than that.  “In the case of a standard pyramid scheme, the first investors benefit the most heavily from the game as newer investors funnel money to the top. In a reverse pyramid scheme, the goal is upended to try to exponentially grow by trying to reward the newer investors the most. In our case, neither is true. We simply punish everyone.”  “The shape instead forms an hourglass with both sides fighting constantly. Call this an ‘Hourglass model’ if you must assign a title, at least that would be accurate, ” its creator argues.  “The amount of ETH being put in is simply a reflection of how comfortable and easy it is for people to play these games, and how well we convey them. Its a mixture of us marketing it well and the dapp space becoming fairly understandable, and open, and easy for people to join, ” Justo said.  When asked about the future plans about the team, they stated:  “The team just sits in a very peculiar place, where we simply cannot announce what we are doing, until we have completed it. The amount of theft in the ethereum space is staggering. Every single thing we do is so popular, so successful, that hundreds of individuals choose to copy paste what we have created and try to scam others with it. In a wild-west like ethereum, where open source is everything. We simply stopped giving out what we were working on next. Do we have plans? absolutely. ”  It is obvious that these games are not necessarily traditional decentralized DApps or even the  gambling DApps  that have made their way to the Ethereum protocol. However, they are certainly an interesting jab at the cryptocurrency space, while also serving as an experiment to gauge how far greed can drive people.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Encrypted Email Provider ProtonMail Could be Planning an ICO  Twitter  Cryptocurrency-friendly encrypted email provider ProtonMail appears to be planning an initial coin offering (ICO), a job posting has revealed.  The  Swiss firm , founded in 2014 by CERN researchers, has long supported cryptocurrency payments for its premium email and VPN services. Now, the company is hiring a  blockchain  developer for a project that may see the firm launch its own cryptocurrency.  From the job description:  “Looking forward, we have some exciting blockchain-related ventures underway. You will join our team to lead these projects, which will ultimately make the blockchain easy to use and empower millions of people around the world.”  The posting does not state what those “exciting blockchain-related ventures” are, but the preferred qualifications section gives a few more hints.  According to the description, the company is looking for an engineer with expertise in “developing secure Ethereum smart contracts,” suggesting the project will likely utilize the second-largest cryptocurrency’s blockchain. Even more revealing, though, is that the preferred candidate will have “participated in successful ICO. ”  It’s not clear when the job posting was listed, but it began circulating on social media over the weekend and has already begun to incur the ire of Bitcoin maximalists and other ICO critics.  Pseudonymous cryptocurrency trader and altcoin skeptic WhalePanda, for instance, said that he would cancel his premium subscription of ProtonMail launched an ICO.   Looks like  @ProtonMail  is planning an ICO. If they do, I 'm cancelling my subscription. I know many Bitcoiners are using it … but maybe not for much longer if they go down this road.  https://t.co/VGzgvVqEDL   pic.twitter.com/7Lmk5UqsMY  — WhalePanda (@WhalePanda)  July 23, 2018   As CCN  reported , ProtonMail added full support for bitcoin payments in 2017, though it had informally supported them for several years prior. In 2014, the company relied on bitcoin for a crowdfunding campaign after PayPal  froze an account  holding funds raised through Indiegogo.  However, it ’s not the only end-to-end encrypted email provider to support cryptocurrency. Last week, encrypted email service Tutanota began  accepting cryptocurrency donations  with an eye toward ultimately integrating cryptocurrency payments for premium accounts.  Update 7/24:  A ProtonMail spokesperson responded to CCN ’s request for comment, stating:  “The reports about the ICO online are unsubstantiated rumors at this time, and no official ICO announcement has been made.  We are of course looking at ways to leverage blockchain to improve email security, but it is a big jump to go from that to saying we are planning an ICO. If we were to do something like this, there would certainly be an official announcement and not just rumors. ”  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   The Russian Military Is Building Blockchain Research Lab to Combat Hacks Twitter  The Russian Ministry of Defense is launching a research laboratory that will explore how blockchain technology can be used to bolster national security by preventing hacks on military infrastructure.  Russia ’s military technology accelerator, called  “ERA, ” is overseeing the construction of the lab, which will test if blockchain can be used to detect and prevent cyber attacks and enhance the military ’s cyber-security measures, according to Russian newspaper  Izvestia .  Alexei Malanov, an anti-virus expert at Moscow cybersecurity firm Kaspersky Lab, believes the technology undergirding bitcoin can be used to trace the origins of malicious hack attacks.  “A hacker often clears the permission log to hide traces of unauthorized access to the device, ” Malanov told Izvestia. But Malanov said if the log is distributed among several devices using blockchain, it ’s harder for the hacker to cover his tracks.  Protecting State Secrets  German Klimenko, a former internet adviser to Russian president Vladimir Putin, said the Ministry of Defense is a key driver of major IT developments and research efforts in the country.  “Blockchain technology is an effective modern tool, ” said Klimenko, chairman of the Council of Digital Economic Development.  “It is already widely used by civil organizations and can be useful to the military. ”  The Russian military is building up its cybersecurity protocols. (Pixabay)  The lab will ultimately fall under the oversight of the Russian Federation ’s 8th Directorate of the General Staff of the Armed Forces, which is responsible for  protecting state secrets.  The facility is being constructed in Anapa, a coastal Russian town near the Black Sea. The Russian Defense Ministry wants the laboratory to become a technology hub that will initially employ about 200 scientists.  Central Bank: Blockchain Not  ‘Mature ’ Enough  As CCN previously reported, a senior official at Russia’s central bank said blockchain technology is currently  not  “mature ” enough  to be used on a mass scale.  “There is still no big industrial solution on distributed ledgers, except for bitcoins, ” said Bank of Russia deputy governor Olga Skorobogatov.  “The technology is not mature enough. It still requires a lot of improvements, both from a security viewpoint and in terms of scalability.”  Russia has quietly been making steady progress in the cryptocurrency space. In January 2018, Sberbank — Russia’s largest bank — announced plans to  open its own crypto exchange  in Switzerland, as they are not allowed in Russia.  The Bank of Russia has been exploring blockchain for a number of applications. (Shutterstock)  Sberbank also recently  opened a blockchain lab  in Switzerland. Sberbank has more than 20 blockchain-based pilot projects under development.  Russian cryptocurrency entrepreneurs are bullish about the future of bitcoin, crypto mining, and distributed ledger technology, as CCN has reported.  “I think blockchain will repeat the history of the internet and probably even be bigger than the internet itself,” said physicist Alexander Ivanov, the founder of the Russian blockchain platform Waves.  Russian Ministry of Defense image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   India’s Supreme Court Refuses to Lift Cryptocurrency Banking Ban Twitter  In a ruling today, India’s highest court of law refused to grant any temporary respite against the central bank’s ban on banking services to cryptocurrency exchanges.  On April 5, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) – the country’s central bank –  issued a circular  to all regulated financial institutions including banks to prohibit them from providing services to businesses in the cryptocurrency sector. The crippling policy also mandated banks to stop allowing their own retail clients from purchasing cryptocurrencies through their banking accounts. With a three-month deadline, the ban effectively begins on Thursday, July 5.  The move predictably raised alarm across the nascent but rapidly-growing domestic crypto sector. A number of exchanges filed  petitioned  in courts across India to challenge the central bank, arguing the policy was “ arbitrary, unfair and unconstitutional ”. Such was the reaction from the industry that the Supreme Court weighed in  – a month after the RBI circular – to  scoop all pending claims  while barring high courts from accepting any further petitions against the RBI curbs.  In mid-June, a petition by the Internet and Mobile Association of India – counting crypto exchanges as its members  – fast-tracked a legal challenge against the RBI ban for an early hearing at the Supreme Court today.  However, the Supreme Court has refused to grant a temporary stay the RBI circular in today’s session.   Breaking! Supreme Court of India refuses to grant temporary stay against RBI 's banking restriction against Crypto. Stay tuned for further updates!  #rbiupdate  — Crypto Kanoon (@cryptokanoon)  July 3, 2018   According to one law firm representing a domestic cryptocurrency exchange, the industry had sought to extend the deadline by a month after a hearing on July 20, the next date for a Supreme Court hearing of the case.  “However, now that the ban will continue, the banking route for the exchanges and its users will be completely choked,” an associate partner at the law firm told  Quartz .  Despite the setback, cryptocurrency exchanges remain hopeful after encouraging statements from India’s ruling central government. As  reported  by CCN last week, the secretary of India’s Department of Economic Affairs Subash Chandra Garg confirmed the authority is moving toward finalizing regulations for the cryptocurrency sector. The official, who heads the inter-governmental committee on proposing policies for the crypto industry, confirmed the regulations could be finalized within the first fortnight of July.  He stated:  `We are fairly close to developing a template [for crypto regulations] that we think is in the best interests of the country. We have prepared a draft which we intend to discuss with the committee members in the first week of July.”  Meanwhile, the Supreme Court will see the next hearing of the crypto industry ’s case against the RBI ban on July 20.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Octagon Strategy Remains Bullish on Bitcoin Despite Price Decline Twitter  Digital asset broker Octagon Strategy has said that the company  “remains bullish ” on bitcoin despite the current decline in price and the possible obstacles that await it in the future.  Bitcoin ’s continued dip in price has led to a new set of bearish sentiments as regards its future and the possibility that it can reach the heights achieved last year.  Speaking to  CNBC  in an interview aired July 1, Octagon Strategy ’s head trader Ryan Rabaglia said perspective matters a lot in the evaluation of bitcoin ’s future. According to Rabaglia, there is plenty to look forward to as the bitcoin market is still in a  “growth phase. ” He went on further to explain why his company remains bullish by saying for a market that is  “only eight years old, ” bitcoin has continued to  “yield 100 percent year over year, ” which is quite impressive.  “I think it’s more interesting to remember where we came from in this market and year [on] year we’re up well over one hundred percent,” he said.  Uncertainties  Bitcoin Price Chart  When asked about the negative influence of regulation in the market, Rabaglia told the network the  “regulatory phase ” that the market is currently in should be seen as a  “double-edged sword. ”  He believes the regulatory stance of the industry while influencing the downward spiral of bitcoin would also lead to its revival.  “The uncertainty that drives around this market drives it further down as people don ’t know where the price would end up, ” he said. However, the same topic that brought about the uncertainty would also lead to its revival.  He added:  “Once we actually establish that regulation, the professional and traditional players that are going to be entering the market… are going to get that support from regulators.”  More Bulls  Octagon Strategy is not the only firm bullish on bitcoin despite the dip in prices. CEO of  BitMEX  Arthur Hayes also believes the current decline won ’t last forever.  Hayes said recently that he believes bitcoin can  reach new all-time highs  despite the dip in price. He stated that it ’s only typical that  “something that goes up to $20,000 in one year can have a correction down to around $6,000.” Hayes shares a similar sentiment with Rabaglia, as he believes the market is “one positive regulatory decision away, maybe an ETF approved by the SEC, to climbing through $20,000 or even $50,000 by the end of the year.”  Octagon Strategy CEO Dave Chapman, who once predicted the  fourth quarter rally  of bitcoin last year, told owners to chill out and be confident in spite of the price swings. Chapman said that bitcoin could even reach  $100,000  in 2018 and advised owners not to panic, as  “no one can stop it. ”  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Economist Claims Bitcoin Futures Killed the Strong Rally in Early 2018 Twitter  The FED and prominent economists believe that the bitcoin futures market ultimately led the cryptocurrency market to crash and record the third worst correction in its history.  Real Impact of Bitcoin Futures  Yukio Noguchi, a Japanese economist, claimed in a recent column that the abrupt change in trend from a bull market to a strong bear cycle was triggered by the launch of the  CBOE  and  CME  bitcoin futures market in December, 2017.  Late last year, the cryptocurrency market reached its all-time high, surging to $900 billion in valuation. The price of bitcoin, the most dominant cryptocurrency in the global market, achieved $20,000 and the price of ether broke $1,400. But, in January, the price of cryptocurrencies started to drop, eventually recording a 70 percent correction within a seven-month span.  Investors like BitMEX CEO Arthur Hayes stated that because cryptocurrency market is still at its infancy and it has risen by more than 300 percent in a year, investors have to expect 70 to 80 percent corrections as they are natural.  However, Noguchi stated that the correlation between the fall in the price of cryptocurrencies and the futures market was not merely a coincidence, claiming that the bitcoin futures market was the main contributing factor to the 2018 correction.  Noguchi went as far to say that the cryptocurrency market will not be able to see a rapid development in price ever again, due to the existence of the futures market.  “Because it’s now possible to trade on bitcoin futures, you’ll never see a rapid surge again,” Noguchi said.  Economists claim the launch of bitcoin futures has dented late 2017 ’s soaring bitcoin price rally.  Many analysts in the cryptocurrency space have also offered  contrasting insights  into the futures market and its impact on the cryptocurrency sector. Some have claimed that due to the fixed amount of long and short contracts that exist in the futures market, it is not possible to manipulate a market that is worth a few hundred billion dollars.  More to that, Noguchi’s claim that the cryptocurrency market will never see a rapid surge again is synonymous with the claims of the majority of economists subsequent to every major correction the cryptocurrency market experienced in 2010, 2014, 2016, and 2018.  Each time bitcoin suffered a 70 to 80 percent correction, it rebounded higher than its previous all-time high. The 2018 correction is conceptually no different to the 2014 correction because both can be considered as the “bubble” of retail traders, considering that institutional investors are not present in the space yet.  FED’s More Realistic View  While Noguchi said that the presence of the futures market will never allow the cryptocurrency market to experience rapid movements on the upside, the FED stated that for new asset classes, these behaviours and market trends are normal.  “The rapid run-up and subsequent fall in the price after the introduction of futures does not appear to be a coincidence. Rather, it is consistent with trading behavior that typically accompanies the introduction of futures markets for an asset,” read the paper of the FED.  There exists no conclusive evidence that the trend of cryptocurrencies coincide with the futures market and to conclude that the futures market has been the sole driving factor of the 2018 correction is premature, as of current.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Binance Leads $12 Million Funding Round in Tokenization Startup Republic Twitter  A retail investment platform called Republic recently completed $12 million in financing to tokenize its platform and introduce its own security token, led by  Binance Labs  and NGC ECO Fund. The financing round was also supported by ZK Capital, Oyster Ventures, FBG Capital, Hazoor Capital, East Chain, Zhen Fund and others.  Source: Republic  Republic — which last year secured seed funding from AngelList, NextGen Venture Partners, Oyster Ventures, RenGen and Grand Central Tech — points to its core tenets of partnership, compliance, and fair access as relevant to the increasingly global crypto investing ecosystem.  ‘Crypto Fever ’ Jumpstarts Entrepreneurship  Kendrick Nguyen, CEO of Republic, said the company’s goal is to become the main marketplace for private investing, and its mission is to enhance diverse participation in all types of entrepreneurship. He said the global “crypto fever” has jumpstarted the company’s mission, and that global collaboration is needed to address existing complexities and allow the crypto industry to expand fast and responsibly.  Republic started to offer token sales late last year to accredited and non-accredited investors. Dozens of crypto projects have been supported by tens of thousands of investors globally.  The platform is now looking to tokenize all financial products, and it plans to use its token to provide economic rights in addition to functional uses.  Supporters Laud Initiative  Ella Zhang, head of Binance Labs, said Republic provides new opportunities to participate in startups. Republic’s “democratization of access” to investing in startups matches Binance Labs’ values.  NEO Global Capital’s Tony Gu said Republic has established a track record for selecting credible projects and maintaining a transparent process with its regulations. Transparency and compliance are important to the mainstream adoption of blockchain technologies and crypto assets, he said.  Oyster Ventures’ Sophie Liao lauded Republic’s ambition in utilizing crypto to grow the ICO economy.  Also read:  Cryptocurrency exchange Binance inks $15 million investment pact with Bermuda  Binance Takes Initiative  Binance had made a number of investments in blockchain startups through its recently-launched  venture fund , including:  Binance recently launched its first fiat crypto exchange  – Binance Uganda to support the Ugandan fiat currency. The exchange announced its  support for the new Malta Stock Exchange , another joint fiat and crypto project. It launched a $1 billion venture capital fund  to support blockchain projects. It signed a memorandum of understanding with Bermuda to  provide up to $10 million for university blockchain development  and compliance training and up to $5 million in blockchain companies.  They can now add Republic to that list, and  — given the financial relationship between the two firms  — it would not be surprising if Binance is one of the first exchanges to list the company ’s security token.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   UK Food Safety Watchdog Successfully Trials Blockchain in a Slaughterhouse Twitter  The UK government’s food safety watchdog has completed a successful trial of blockchain technology for meat inspection in a supply chain.  The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has concluded a successful blockchain pilot tracking meat from a cattle slaughterhouse, labeling it ‘the first time blockchain has been used as a regulatory tool to ensure food compliance in the food sector’.  The pilot involved an unnamed slaughterhouse whose meat was tracked on a permissioned blockchain. Data recorded on the decentralized ledger was accessible by both the FSA and the slaughterhouse as permissioned participants, a  press release  added.  Following the successful trial, FSA head of information management Sian Thomas summed it up as a “really exciting development” after revealing the agency “thought that blockchain technology might add real value to a part of the food industry.”  A slaughterhouse was specifically chosen for the trial since it “requires a lot of inspection and collation of results”, she said, adding:  “Our approach has been to develop data standards with industry that will make theory reality and I ’m delighted that we ’ve been able to show that blockchain does indeed work in this part of the food industry. I think there are great opportunities now for industry and government to work together to expand and develop this approach. ”  While the FSA did not elaborate on the type of blockchain network used, the agency is already planning to expand its pilot this month to include farmers as permissioned participants in the blockchain, enabling them access to animal data from their farm.  The food safety watchdog has also outlined its intention to replicate the blockchain experiment in other plans across the meat supply chain. Pointedly, the authority called on the wider industry to embrace blockchain technology if future trails continue to prove a success. The current tracking and data logging model – strung by an inefficient manual process – is “limited”, the  FSA said, to what’s collected from inspection results.  While the authority lays claim to the first blockchain trial by a regulator in the food safety space, a number of global retail giants have been trialing and using the decentralized technology for several years.  Walmart has adopted blockchain technology for food safety in both the  U.S  and  China . Alibaba, the world’s largest e-commerce company, partnered Australia’s national postal service to use blockchain to  tackle counterfeit food imports  to China. In Taiwan, e-commerce retailer OwlTing is using  an Ethereum-based blockchain for food provenance  after a series of food quality scandals in recent years.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   As Hundreds of ICOs Fail, Bitcoin Gains More Dominance Over the Market Twitter  Over the past three months, bitcoin, the most dominant cryptocurrency in the global market, has gained more dominance over the market amidst the third worst correction in the market’s history.  35% to 42% in Two Months  In May, the dominance index of bitcoin was at around 35 percent, during a period in which the cryptocurrency market initiated a large corrective rally to previous support levels. However, as hundreds of ICOs died out and the bear market came about, the dominance of bitcoin started to rise. From May to July, within a two-month period, the dominance of bitcoin rose by 7 percent.  Investors often tend to resort to major digital assets like bitcoin and ether, the native cryptocurrency of the Ethereum blockchain protocol, in bear cycles, primarily due to the trend of tokens and small digital assets of experiencing intensified movements on both the downside and upside.  As shown in the chart below provided by CoinMarketCap, the dominance index of bitcoin has started to increase in mid-April as the cryptocurrency market started to record large drops in valuation and volume.   Throughout the past week, the cryptocurrency market has begun to regain some momentum and stability, triggered by an increase in volume of major digital assets. In both short-term and mid-term rallies, tokens and minor cryptocurrencies tend to outperform BTC and eETH. Consequently, the dominance index has fallen since July 1, exactly when the market began to recover.  Cryptocurrencies Tend to be Locked Together  In February, $83 billion Goldman Sachs reported that bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies tend to move in a similar manner and trend.  Goldman Sachs head of Global Investment Research Steve Strongin said in a note to clients  obtained by Business Insider UK:  “The high correlation between the different cryptocurrencies worries me. Contrary to what one would expect in a rational market, new currencies don ’t seem to reduce the value of old currencies; they all seem to move as a single asset class. This is actually an important distinction between cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies; if a government decides to phase out a currency, it will typically determine a residual value for that currency and exchange that currency for a replacement one.”  When BTC or ether move down, cryptocurrencies with smaller market caps plummet to the downside by larger margins and when BTC or ETH move up, small cryptocurrencies surge by 10 to 20 percent more gains.  This worrying trend of correlated movements has led the dominance index of BTC to remain relatively low at the 30 percent region for awhile but in mid-term bear markets, because small cryptocurrencies simply perform poorly, the dominance index of BTC rises.  At this phase of the market wherein hundreds of new tokens and cryptocurrencies are being created on a monthly basis, the dominance index of bitcoin is a consistent indicator about the state of the market. Usually, when the dominance index of bitcoin is low, the market is in a bear cycle and when the dominance index of bitcoin is high, the market enters a bull market.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Thailand’s Securities Firms Plan to Launch a Cryptocurrency Exchange Twitter  The association of securities firms in Thailand is reportedly planning to jointly launch a new cryptocurrency exchange amid the growing retail and institutional interest in crypto trading.  The Association of Securities Companies (ASCO) – the collective body representing Thailand’s securities firms – is exploring the possibility of establishing a joint cryptocurrency exchange, the  Bangkok Post  confirmed in a report.  A handful of securities firms are in the process of jointly submitting an application for a crypto exchange license from regulators to cut operating costs and collaborate on information sharing, ASCO chairwoman Pattera Dilokrungthirapop revealed.  Notably, she added that ‘many [member] securities firms’ have expressed an interest in entering the cryptocurrency sector to operate ‘initial coin offering (ICO) portals and [crypto] exchanges as well as becoming brokers and dealers in digital asset trade.’  While a securities business license allows industry firms to become a digital asset brokerage or dealer, the lack of an investor-asset preservation or custody system separated from the firm’s own assets sees the association vying to launch a licensed joint crypto exchange.  These traditional securities firms are more appealing than new exchange operators for crypto investors, Dilokrungthirapop contended, expressing confidence “that investors will prefer trading with us” after drawing parallels between securities trading and digital asset trading. “Investors can trust our trading system, which has secured asset preservation,” she told the Bangkok P ost.  Further, the chairwoman also confirmed the association would consult with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on ‘potentially allowing’ securities firms to offer more services in an expanding foray into the cryptocurrency business.  These noteworthy developments quickly follow Thailand’s legislative approval of drafts  establishing a regulatory framework  and  tax guidelines  for cryptocurrencies took effect in May, a fast-tracked process that began in March. The new rules mandates all crypto market businesses including ICO issuers, brokers, dealers and digital exchange operators to register and gain approval from the SEC.  Bangkok business district image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Major European Banks Complete Live Trades on IBM Blockchain Twitter  After undergoing development for over a year, the first live trades have occurred on the IBM-powered trade finance blockchain platform, we.trade.  Through four banks, 10 firms were able to execute 7 trade transactions across 5 countries in the last 5 days. These are the first such trade transactions employing blockchain technology to be considered commercially viable.   We are delighted to confirm that the  https://t.co/yCDOCpSema  blockchain platform has completed multiple real-time customer transactions.  https://t.co/UuRhPztDz4 @DeutscheBank   @HSBC_UK   @KBC_BE   @natixis   @Nordea   @Rabobank   @bancosantander   @SocieteGenerale   @UniCredit_PR   pic.twitter.com/jIlBThc33c  — we.trade (@we_dot_trade)  July 3, 2018   The we.trade digital trade solution, which has been developed using the  Hyperledger  Fabric blockchain technology, leverages smart contracts making it possible for event-based payments to be made automatically. Following a competitive bidding process that drew six tech companies,  IBM  was granted the contract to offer a cloud-based platform last year in June.  Members of the we.trade consortium include UniCredit, Societe Generale, Santander, Rabobank, Nordea, Natixis, KBC,  HSBC  and  Deutsche Bank . To make the we.trade blockchain platform a reality all the internal procedures and governance of the banks were met.  Originally known as Digital Trade Chain  The consortium, which initially went by the name of Digital Trade Chain before a rebranding exercise, was formed in 2017 with a view of closing the financing gaps that hamper both cross-border and domestic trade with regards to small and medium-scale enterprises located in Europe.  Mid last month a legal entity for the we.trade platform was created in order to allow the partners in the consortium to offer the blockchain solution to their clients. This resulted in the formation of a joint venture known as we.trade Innovation DAC which was incorporated in Dublin,  Ireland . The nine founding banks are equal shareholders in the JV which will own, manage and well as distribute the we.trade blockchain platform.  Looking Beyond Geographical Boundaries  Currently, we.trade is available in eleven countries in Europe and this includes the United Kingdom, Sweden, Spain, Norway, the Netherlands, Italy, Germany, France, Finland, Denmark and Belgium.  According  to the chief operating officer of we.trade, Roberto Mancone, the joint venture will, however, not limit itself to the countries in which its founding members are based in:  “ …We are delighted to have launched for the first time in the world, a blockchain based platform that enhances the overall customer experience when trading internationally. The next step will be getting buy-in from additional banks and their customers in Europe and further afield.”  Besides expanding into new markets, we.trade also looking to allow some banks to join on a license-type basis as this will allow a faster expansion to as many financial institutions as possible. These banks will be provided with their own node on the blockchain thus allowing them to offer their clients access to the we.trade platform. Additionally, the joint venture intends to  enlist other trading partners including credit agencies, freight forwarders and shippers.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Opinion: Blood, Sweat, and Tears Twitter  The only thing I really know about running a startup is that you’re supposed to suffer. It’s hard as hell to create a good company. The recipe sounds so simple, though: find a problem, create a solution, build a product around it and monetize it.  It seems like it ’s almost impossible to fail.   The reality is different, of course. People don’t understand your idea, you can’t find customers easily, it ’s hard to find people who share your vision, and you need to dig for pockets of time in-between jobs to try creating something out of nothing, while you still have a personal life to attend to.  It’s not surprising almost all start-ups fail: It’s usually go big or go home. All or nothing. Only the best win. There’s no place for second.  You’re either in or out.  –This article shouldn’t be taken as financial advisement as it represents my personal opinion and views. I have savings invested in cryptocurrency so take whatever I write with a grain of salt. Do not invest what you cannot afford to lose and always read as much as possible about a project before investing. Never forget: with great power, comes great responsibility. Being your  own bank means you’re always responsible for your own money–  Anyone who wants to run a business quickly finds out you either have a very complete set of skills, or you need people to help out. But help costs time and time costs money. You can try to convince people your token will increase in value, so that they accept it as a means of payment. This practice is quite shady, especially for core team members, as paying in tokens means othe rs will share your risk as an entrepreneur.  The point is:  people don’t live on air.  This means you either have personal money, a rich family, or you’re stuck working late nights to manage having a job and starting a business.  Of course there is a much easier way than that.   You waste a bit of time making a flashy whitepaper and ICO page, focus entirely on marketing  & PR efforts, and hopefully trick a few people into giving their hard-earn cash.  Better yet, why not adding blockchain technology into every single paragraph? Those dinosaurs won’t resist a good ol ’ buzzy word like that!  If you really want to save up some time, just do like  Tron did : ctrl-C + ctrl-V  Success is earned, not bought.  Right now, most projects I’ve invested in are way, way, way below the red line.  Why?  Well, considering a great deal of people I find connected to cryptocurrencies are either working in advising, marketing, or PR, it does not surprise me a bit. Out of the blue, we have hundreds of cryptocurrency experts – people with no development skills, economic background, or mathematical experience – but who have successfully been involved with a number of ICOs which have r aised millions of dollars.  Has the definition of expertise changed, somehow?  
DECREASE	   Philippines ’ Bitcoin Exchanges Outperform Traditional Finance Platforms Twitter  Bitcoin exchanges and cryptocurrency businesses in the Philippines have been outperforming traditional financial platforms in popularity and user activity throughout 2018.  Practical Policies  On July 2, CCN reported that the Cagayan Economic Zone Authority (CEZA), an economic zone in the northern part of the Philippines supported by the government, will  embrace up to 25 cryptocurrency exchanges  with friendly regulations and tax policies.  To operate in CEZA, cryptocurrency exchanges will be required to undergo a strict and rigorous verification process by local financial authorities and CEZA before receiving various benefits regarding regulatory flexibility.  CEZA chief Raul Lambino emphasized that exchanges within the economic zone will need to demonstrate their capability of investing at least $1 million within CEZA and building new headquarters in the area.  “We do not want the Philippines to be a haven for scammers even if these scams are happening abroad. That’s why through our probity and integrity check we can determine if their transactions are just designed to entice unsuspecting people to invest in Bitcoin or whatever crypto coin that is a fraud,” Lambino said.  The decision of CEZA and local financial authorities to properly license and oversee cryptocurrency exchanges similar to traditional financial institutions is the first major step the Philippine government has taken to facilitate growing demand towards the blockchain sector ever since its recognition of cryptocurrencies a remittance method in February, 2017.  The Philippine government was one of the first authorities to officially recognize digital assets as a form of money and legitimize the cryptocurrency sector. More than 15 months ago, with a forward-thinking approach, the Philippine central bank said that while it does not intend to directly endorse bitcoin and other digital assets, it will recognize virtual currencies as a mea ns to deliver financial services and payments.  “The Bangko Sentral does not intend to endorse any VC, such as Bitcoin, as a currency since it is neither issued or guaranteed by a central bank nor backed by any commodity. Rather, the BSP aims to regulate VCs when used for delivery of financial services, particularly, for payments and remittances, which have a material impact on anti-money laundering (AML) and combating the f inancing of terrorism (CFT), consumer protection and financial stability,” the Philippine central bank said.  Startups Prosper  Since then, local startups like Coins.ph have evolved into one of the leading cryptocurrency exchanges and businesses in Asia. Coins.ph expanded to Malaysia and Thailand as Coins.th and Coins.my, and received a $10 million investment from Naspers, an internet giant based in South Africa.  With more than one million users on its android application alone, Coins.ph also became a top 10 domestic application in the Philippines, surpassing the growth rate of financial platforms and other fintech applications.  In cooperation with local remittance companies and financial institutions, Coins.ph has also created an infrastructure that enables anyone within the country to carry out any operation with digital assets. On the platform, users can withdraw funds from bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Ethereum to any domestic bank, pay out credit card bills, utility bills, and obtain a debit card cal led Beep Card using bitcoin.  Rebit, Bitbit, BuyBitcoin, Keza, Prepaid Bitcoin, and Bitmarket.ph are few of many cryptocurrency businesses that have prospered in the local blockchain sector.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   US, UK Lead 5-Nation Alliance to Combat Cryptocurrency Tax Crimes Twitter  The tax authorities of the United States and the United Kingdom have signed on to lead an international alliance designed to combat transnational financial crimes, including those involving cryptocurrency.  J5 Aims to Combat Cryptocurrency Financial Crimes  Announced on Tuesday, the five-member Joint Chiefs of Global Tax Enforcement (J5) is a partnership between the Australian Criminal Intelligence Commission (ACIC) and Australian Taxation Office (ATO), the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA), the Fiscale Inlichtingen- en Opsporingsdienst (FIOD) in the Netherlands, the U.K.’s HM Revenue  & Customs (HMRC), and the U.S. Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI).  According to the  announcement , the five member governments will work together to combat cross-border financial crimes such as money laundering by coordinating investigations and enforcement actions. Central among the J5’s concerns is the growing proliferation of cryptocurrencies, which show no respect for national borders.  From the J5 ’s website:  “We will …collaborate internationally to reduce the growing threat to tax administrations posed by cryptocurrencies and cybercrime and to make the most of data and technology.”  “The formation of the J5 demonstrates the serious commitment of governments around the globe in enhancing international cooperation in fighting serious international tax and financial crimes, money laundering, and cybercrime through the use of cryptocurrencies, added Johanne Charbonneau, director general of the Canada Revenue Agency. “Our collective efforts and experience will  be shared to jointly identify and address the increasingly sophisticated and global schemes and the professional enablers that facilitate such schemes.”  Tax Agencies Turn Eye to Cryptocurrency Investors  The J5 comprises tax agencies from five countries, including the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  Tax agencies across the world have made cryptocurrencies a key focus in recent months, largely because many early investors took profits during and after the 2017 bull run  — profits they have  not always been quick to report  to tax collectors.  In the U.S., for instance, the IRS has contracted with blockchain analytics firms to  identify cryptocurrency investors  who fail to report and pay taxes on their trading profits. The agency also experienced a partial victory when it took cryptocurrency exchange operator Coinbase to court in an attempt to force it to hand over customer data.  And though cryptocurrency accounts for a minuscule amount of global financial crimes, law enforcement agencies are concerned that terrorists and other criminals will increasingly use this nascent technology to finance their operations and secure their assets against government seizure.  This isn’t the first attempt at international coordination to combat the perceived threat of cryptocurrencies. As CCN  reported , this asset class featured prominently on the agenda of the G20’s April meeting, though this collaboration has yet to produce the coordinated regulatory framework for which several nations have called. This level of coordination, FIOD General Director Hans van der Vlist, is what makes the J5 unique.  “The unique thing about the J5 is the operational collaboration between five countries on tackling professional enablers that facilitate offshore tax crime, cybercrime and the threat of cryptocurrencies to tax administrations, as well as making best use of internationally available data and technology,” Vlist said.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Bitmain Is Now One of the 21 Entities Processing EOS Transactions Twitter  Controversial cryptocurrency company Bitmain has become one of the 21 entities processing transactions on the nascent EOS network.  The China-based firm, best known for producing  cryptocurrency mining  hardware and supporting a big-block approach to Bitcoin scaling, on Tuesday received a sufficient number of votes to become an active  EOS  block producer, which allows it to receive compensation for processing transactions and  enforcing  the network ’s constitution.   🎉🎉🎉 EosAntPool  https://t.co/0nLuAsxhKN  has become one of the 21  #EOS  block producers. Thanks so much for all your support, vote and trust. EosAntPool will keep working on  #EOS  community development and construction. Let 's rebuild the world together.  https://t.co/nTkoEDgjOW   pic.twitter.com/xHcj6ZyHcw  — AntPool (@AntPoolofficial)  July 3, 2018   Bitmain’s block producer candidate, EOS AntPool, is  — as the name suggests  — run by  AntPool , one of Bitmain ’s two large mining pool subsidiaries (the other being BTC.com). Bitmain also  led a $3 million funding round  for ViaBTC, which operates a moderately-sized mining pool, in 2017.  Collectively, these three pools account for more than 50 percent of BTC blocks mined over the past seven days, and this level of centralization is one reason that Bitmain has become a flashpoint in many cryptocurrency circles.  Bitmain-associated mining pools have mined more than half of all BTC blocks generated in the past week. | Source: CoinDance  There’s  significant debate  about the degree to which pooled hashpower translates into actual “control” of the bitcoin mining landscape, though the fact that pool users must construct block headers using templates provided by pool operators has led one core developer to propose  replacing Stratum with an upgraded mining protocol  and others to call for a radical change to Bitcoin’s Proof-of-Work (PoW) consensus algorithm.  In any case, Bitmain is far from having this degree of influence in the EOS ecosystem. However, EOS itself has been criticized for its current level of centralization.  Aside from the fact that the network is structured to divide transaction processing between just 21 entities, voting itself could become heavily centralized once EOS creator Block.one  begins participating in block producer elections  in the near future. The firm, in addition to raising more than $4 billion during the project’s token sale, received 100 million of the 1 billion tokens created in the cryptocurrency’s Genesis block.  Consequently, the elevation of Bitmain to active block producer status is sure to raise some eyebrows. By the time of writing, EOS AntPool had risen to 11th in the voting, where it will earn 845 EOS (~$7,300 at the current exchange rate) per day or about $2.7 million per year.  That ’s not an insignificant sum, but it should be placed in context. According to self-reported data, Bitmain raked in $2.5 billion in revenue in 2017. A funding round concluded in June valued the company at  $12 billion , and the firm plans to go public later this year with a valuation as high as $40 billion.  Source: EOS Tracker  Notably, Bitmain isn’t the only controversial cryptocurrency company that EOS users have voted to serve as one of the network’s 21 block producers. Cryptocurrency exchange  Bitfinex , which is closely-linked to contentious cryptocurrency issuer  Tether , presently ranks first in the block producer rankings. The company is currently earning 1020 EOS (~$9,000) per day, which amounts to nearly $3.3 million over the course of a calendar year.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Interview: CEO of imToken, the World ’s Largest Ethereum Wallet, Talks EOS Adoption in China Twitter  Chinese cryptocurrency wallet startup imToken may not have much name recognition in the West, but the firm, which  raised $10 million  during its recently-concluded Series A funding round, claims to operate the world ’s largest ethereum wallet, which boasts more than 4 million active users.  ImToken recently added support for  EOS  to its multi-currency wallet, which previously supported BTC in addition to ETH. CCN recently interviewed imToken founder and CEO Ben He to discuss the announcement, as well as Chinese interest in EOS.  CCN: What motivated you to launch a wallet for EOS ahead of other, more-established cryptocurrencies?  Earlier we supported ERC-20 tokens, which generated immense traction on imToken, and ultimately we feel that the obligation to build our EOS DPOS wallet was based on our users’ feedback and what they’re looking for in a wallet right now. As a result, when EOS launch its mainnet, we wanted to provide support for these users since with imToken being the largest Ethereum wallet, t here’s been a natural cross over with the growing interest in EOS. At the same time, the second largest market for imToken is now South Korea, where currently 24% of EOS trading volume comes from.  CCN: From your perspective, how has EOS been received by average Chinese cryptocurrency users and investors?  Much of China’s interest in cryptocurrency is fueled by the financial incentives that come from the acquisition and ownership of EOS tokens. At the same time, for those that are in tune with the underlying blockchain technology do believe that EOS is a technical breakthrough that will help to progress blockchain technology with issues such as scalability, through-put and on-cha in performance.  CCN: Do you view EOS as a competitor to Ethereum, or does it fill another niche in the crypto-ecosystem? What do you make of the variety of controversies that have surrounded EOS since its launch, perhaps most notably the proposal to scrap the constitution and replace it with a new one?  EOS is a new technology, and although there are issues and drawbacks that have arisen as a result of its introduction and launch of its mainnet, it can be expected for new technology. At least in China, there are people who do see the potential in the technology and concept that EOS has introduced, so we are naturally observing the process and the outcome.  CCN: What other currencies or features are you planning to add to the imToken wallet in the near future?  For now, we plan to first support EOS tokens and plan to integrate only the currencies we believe are in demand by our users, innovative, or have solid technology. With that said, our plan is to offer on-chain governance tools, and other ecosystem tool kits that will support our users who are invested into the EOS ecosystem.  CCN: Is there anything else you would like to share with our readers?  We have open sourced our stake voting system code, which you can find  here . We hope that this will encourage developers to build their own DAPPs that can be designed or developed around tools that will encourage more EOS users to vote or participate in its governance.   Some answers have been slightly edited for clarity.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   40 Percent of Ontario Cryptocurrency Investors Have Sold All Their Coins Twitter  A survey conducted in  Canada ’s Ontario province has sought to shed light on cryptocurrency investing habits in the region as well as the views of financial consumers and their understanding of the nascent technology.  The study, which was compiled by the Ontario Securities Commission’s Investor Office, revealed that at the moment 5% of Ontarians, or around half a million residence of the province, hold crypto assets. Currently, the population of Ontario is estimated to be more than 14 million (over 38% of Canada’s population). At the same time, there is another 4% of the Ontario population t hat used to own crypto assets, though that was no longer the case at the time of the survey.  Per the survey, which was conducted  in Canada’s most populous province in March this year, millennial males aged between 18 and 34 were the demographic most likely to own cryptocurrencies, with 14% of them owning a crypto asset.  Treading With Caution  Most of the Ontarians who invested in crypto assets largely spent small amounts to purchase cryptocurrencies. About 50% spent less than $1,000 on buying cryptocurrencies, while 90% spent under $10,000. On the other hand around, 9% of the crypto asset investors, which was almost 50,000 people in the province, spent above $9,999 buying cryptocurrencies. The relatively small sums  being spent were attributed to caution.  “The results of this survey indicate that the vast majority of Ontarians are approaching cryptoassets with caution. Only a small percentage own cryptoassets, and those who do own them tend not to spend substantial sums of money acquiring them,” concluded the  survey .  A large percentage of the investments were made using cash savings. Some also borrowed money or used credit cards, and it is estimated that over two-thirds of them have fully repaid the loans.  About 170,000 participated in ICOs  Just 60 percent of cryptocurrency investors in Ontario are continuing to HODL their funds.  The survey also revealed that around 1.5% of Ontarians have taken part in an  initial coin offerings  (ICOs), translating to around 170,000 people. The mediums or channels which were used to approach these ICO investors included email, online ads, friends and family, as well as social media.  To acquire crypto assets, various techniques were used by Ontarians. About 46% of the respondents indicated that they had acquired their crypto holdings from trading platforms while 28% had mined them. Around 19% acquired the crypto assets from a cryptocurrency ATM, while 18% received them at no cost through airdrops, for instance. Another 18% got the crypto asset as a payment for goods or services, while 16% acquired them through an initial coin offering.  Interestingly, Ontarians used trading platforms based in the United States more than those headquartered in their home country, with 48% of the province’s residents patronizing U.S. platforms. Around 32% of Ontarians used trading platforms based in Canada, with platforms in the United Kingdom and  Hong Kong  nearly as popular.  Bitcoin Almost ‘Synonymous’ With Cryptocurrency  The survey also found that while Ontarians were familiar with cryptocurrencies, they were not in a position to explain the nascent technology in detail to others. The cryptocurrency that Ontarians had most heard about was bitcoin, with 81% saying they were aware of it. Bitcoin cash came in a distant second with 25% awareness. The population that was aware of Litecoin was 13%, while Ethereum  — despite being the second-largest cryptocurrency  — enjoyed just an 11% awareness level.  The Ontario Securities Commission’s report comes in the wake of the province’s neighbor,  Quebec , recently  hiking  electricity prices for cryptocurrency miners after a surge in demand. As CCN had reported last month,  cryptocurrency miners were flocking  to Canada’s second-most populous province due to its cheap hydro-electric power. This had raised concerns that the province would be unable to meet peak demand, especially during the winter season.  Images from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   SEC Charge Two Individuals for Illegal Sale of Blockchain Firm Stock Twitter  The Securities and Exchange Commission  charged  an attorney and a law firm business manager yesterday on with profiting from illegal stock sales of a company claiming to have a blockchain-related business.  Attorney T.J. Jesky and the business manager of his law firm Mark F. DeStefano are alleged to have made approximately $1.4 million in sales from selling shares in  UBI Blockchain Internet, Ltd.  between 26 December 2017 and 5 January 2018.  The SEC then temporarily suspended trading in UBI Blockchain stock over concerns that the claims made within the SEC filings were inaccurate as well as  “unusual and unexplained market activity ”.  “This case is a prime example of why the SEC has warned retail investors to be cautious before buying stock in companies that suddenly claim to have a blockchain business,” said Robert A. Cohen, Chief of the SEC Enforcement Division’s Cyber Unit. “This case involved both a trading suspension and people holding restricted shares who attempted to profit from the dramatic price in crease with illegal stock sales that violated the registration statement.”  Nevada residents Jesky and DeStefano are said to have received 72,000 restricted shares of UBI BLockchain stock in October 2017 under the agreement that they could sell the shares for $.70 each as per the registration statement. However, the pair are now accused of selling the shares well above market prices to make an illegal profit, with prices ranging from $21.12 to $48.40 d uring an unusual price spike in UBI Blockchain stock.  The SEC filed a complaint in a New York federal court charging Jesky and DeStefano with violation of the registration provisions of the federal securities laws. The pair have agreed to return $1.4 million, pay $188,682 in penalties, and to be subject to permanent injunctions following the case. However, at this time they have neither admitted nor denied the allegations that the y engaged in illegal stock sales.  The investigation is being coordinated by the Microcap Fraud Task Force and Cyber Unit. The case is the most recent in a long string of actions taken by the SEC involving blockchain and cryptocurrency related crimes falling under their jurisdiction  – the government regulator has  issued over 80 subpoenas to cryptocurrency firms  this year and  charging multiple ICO founders with fraud  and other illegal activities as the group works towards determining which cryptocurrency tokens will be classified as securities.  The classification could make a major impact on the market, potentially resulting in the retroactive prosecution of ICO founders and even investors found to have been selling securities described at the time as utility tokens attached to developmental stage crypto-blockchain platforms.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Crypto Market Jumps $40 Billion in 2 Days as Bitcoin, Ether and XRP Record Major Gains Twitter  The cryptocurrency market has added more than $40 billion within a 48 hour period as major digital assets bitcoin, ether, Ripple, and Bitcoin Cash recorded gains in the range of 5 to 10 percent.  XRP, BCH, EOS, and Cardano Best Performers  Ripple (XRP), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), EOS, and Cardano (ADA) have been the best performing major digital assets on July 3. Cardano recorded a daily increase of 16 percent while EOS saw a 13 percent rise in value. All of these major digital assets have performed particularly poorly against the US dollar and bitcoin over the past few weeks.  On yesterday’s report, CCN emphasized that the corrective rally recorded on July 2 established the trend for the first week of July. The unforeseen rise in the volume of bitcoin and ether led the entire cryptocurrency market to bounce, bringing along both major cryptocurrencies and minor digital assets.   As of July 3, the volume of bitcoin remains above $4.6 billion and the volume of Ether has stabilized at the $1.7 billion mark. The volume of Bitcoin Cash and Ripple have nearly doubled since last week as well.  Previously, even in strong corrective rallies, analysts stated that due to the low volume, regardless of the optimistic momentum indicators, oscillators, and moving averages, the cryptocurrency market cannot find a firm base to surge up in value. This week, the cryptocurrency market saw a solid increase in volume and two stable days in terms of value and volume, leading investors to become more optimistic regarding the short-term trend of digital assets.  The volume of Tether (USDT) has also dropped substantially from its yearly high at $4.5 billion recorded on July 1, signifying that more investors are trading crypto-to-crypto instead of crypto-to-stablecoins, which was the case throughout the past month amidst a strong downtrend.  Small cryptocurrencies and tokens will likely be the main beneficiary of the recent surge in volume and price in the upcoming days. Already, tokens including Aelf (ELF), Gifto (GTO), Aeternity (AE), Bluzelle (BLZ), and Ethos (BQX) have recorded 10 percent gains against bitcoin, which recorded a solid 5 percent gain of its own.  Volumes are Coming Back  The daily trading volume of most cryptocurrencies have rebounded. While the volumes of small cryptocurrencies and tokens still remain substantially low, a change in trend in the next few days will result in the rise in volume for small digital assets.  Amid a recovery period, Coinbase, the world’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange and brokerage officially launched its first crypto custodianship, providing institutional investors and large-scale investment firms a platform and channel to invest in digital assets like bitcoin with robust infrastructure and storage.  As investment firms and retail traders develop optimism towards the short-term future of the cryptocurrency market, major digital assets will continue to rise in value. Still, in the mid-term, another minor correction should not be disregarded as there exists a possibility the crypto market moves to the upside too quickly based on the current trend.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘Netflix of Cryptocurrency Mining ’ to Hold IPO on London Stock Exchange Twitter  A cryptocurrency mining startup is reportedly making a foray into becoming the first industry firm to be listed on the London Stock Exchange.  Argo Blockchain, a mining-as-a-service provider, just announced it intends to sell shares of its common stock to raise £20 million from an initial public offering (IPO),  according to the London Stock Exchange . The company is expected to be valued at £40 million by the end and this will mark the first crypto company joining the exchange.  Argo alleges it will offer an easy-to-use service for mainstream consumers. The startup guarantees users won ’t need technical knowledge nor any additional hardware, as the mining service will be available for both computers and smartphones.  The announcement also states Vela Technologies has subscribed for 2.5 million shares at £0.08 per share for a consideration of £200.000. At the time, Argo raised £2.5 million on a pre-money valuation of £8 million.  Argo Blockchain was founded last year and went live on June 11, 2018. At the moment it offers four different altcoins to be mined  —  Bitcoin Gold ,  Ethereum ,  Ethereum Classic , and  Zcash . The company hopes to build a datacenter management business to support other altcoins.  Argo ’s management said that there is copious demand for an accessible platform for the average user to mine cryptocurrencies. The firm says it wants to make it so anyone can break into cryptocurrency mining, no prior investment needed.  The platform reportedly allows users to select which digital currency they want to mine, as well as choose which mining pool they want to be a part of, and how to store the generated coins. Argo ’s founders  reportedly drew inspiration  for the company from services like Netflix or Amazon Web Service, hence the subscription model.  Argo has initiated its operations in Canada and China, with hopes to increase its global presence. Co-founders Mike Edwards and Jonathan Bixby wish to release an affordable platform that even novice users feel comfortable using.  Bixby said,  “We have launched this service to take the pain and heartache out of participating in the biggest new technology breakthrough since the launch of the internet. ”  His colleague, Edwards, agreed,  “Setting up a computer rig to mine cryptocurrency is challenging, inefficient and expensive. I knew that we had to change the game and democratize the process so that crypto-mining could become a mainstream consumer activity. ”  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   SEC Statement on Ether ‘Clears Stumbling Block’ for Ethereum Futures: CBOE President Twitter  A top executive at the first US exchange to list bitcoin futures contracts said that the Securities and Exchange Commission’s statement that ether will not be regulated as a security will help pave the way for exchanges to list ethereum futures.  CBOE Global Markets President Chris Concannon made this comment in a statement quoted by  Bloomberg , predicting that this regulatory clarity will make the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) more likely to approve the listing of ethereum futures, a product that would provide investors with exposure to ether’s price movements without custodial risk.  “We are pleased with the SEC’s decision to provide clarity with respect to current Ether transactions,” Concannon said. “This announcement clears a key stumbling block for Ether futures, the case for which we’ve been considering since we launched the first Bitcoin futures in December 2017.”  As CCN  reported , SEC Director William Hinman revealed on Thursday that the agency did not intend to regulate ether  — the native asset of the Ethereum network  — as a security.  Hinman, who heads the SEC’s division of corporate finance, said that, despite how ether was originally issued, the asset has become sufficiently decentralized that it no longer bears the hallmarks of a security.  “And putting aside the fundraising that accompanied the creation of Ether, based on my understanding of the present state of Ether, the Ethereum network and its decentralized structure, current offers and sales of Ether are not securities transactions.”  In December, CBOE and fellow Chicago exchange CME listed  bitcoin futures , and both have hinted a desire to list more cryptocurrency derivatives products. However, regulatory uncertainty surrounding the status of other cryptoassets has slowed this process.  Earlier this year, CME partnered with a group of cryptocurrency exchanges to create a real-time  ethereum price index  and benchmark. The move was widely viewed as a stepping stone toward the eventual launch of an ethereum futures product, and the exchange operator confirmed that it was  gauging client interest  in eventually creating a market for this product.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   CFTC Seeks Judge’s Approval to Sue Alleged $6 Million Fraud My Big Coin Twitter  The U.S.  Commodity Futures Trading Commission  has claimed it has jurisdiction over a cryptocurrency called  My Big Coin  and has asked a federal judge to grant it authority to proceed with the lawsuit which claims the cryptocurrency has been operating a $6 million fraud.  CFTC claims My Big Coin Pay, based in Nevada, misappropriated $6 million from 28 clients by selecting a name that sounds like bitcoin and also claiming the cryptocurrency was backed by gold. CFTC sued My Bit Coin Pay Inc. and entrepreneur Randall Crater in January. The suit is seen by some as an indicator of the CFTC’s authority over cryptocurrencies.  The CFTC claimed that the defendants falsely indicated the cryptocurrency  was actively traded on several currency exchanges. The CFTC also claimed Crater and an associate, Mark Gillespie, collected funds from investors and redirected the funds to personal bank accounts, using the funds for personal expenses.  CFTC argued that defendants’ claims about My Big Coin were a fraud, which included false claims about its usage, trade status and value.  Judge Questions Both Sides  U.S. Judge Rya Zobel in Boston Zobel posed questions to both sides about the workings of cryptocurrencies. Zobel did not rule on Cater’s request to dismiss the case, but said she would try to arrive at a decision quickly.  Zobel questioned a CFTC lawyer about the extent the regulator has jurisdiction to pursue a lawsuit against the operators of what it contends was a virtual currency fraud scheme.  CFTC attorney Jonah McCarthy claimed the virtual currency falls under the agency’s definition of a commodity and compared it to gold and other precious metals.  Katherine Cooper, a lawyer for Crater, said My Big Coin is not a commodity because it does not have future contracts trading on it. Cooper told the judge the agency has gone “way beyond the remit of their authority.”  Also read:  $6 million Ponzi: CFTC charges  “gold-backed ” crypto My Big Coin with fraud  An Unresolved Issue  Jurisdiction over cryptocurrencies in the U.S. remains an unresolved issue. In a separate case, U.S. District Judge Jack Weinstein in Brooklyn in March the CFTC can regulate virtual currencies as a commodity.  Weinstein’s ruling applied to bitcoin, a cryptocurrency on which futures contracts are traded, Crater’s attorneys argued.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Montana County Delays Bitcoin Mining Ban, Admits  ‘We Don ’t Understand ’ It Twitter   A county in the U.S. state of Montana has postponed voting on a proposed one-year ban on bitcoin mining, saying it doesn ’t understand cryptocurrency mining well enough to make an informed decision.  “We all understand that we don’t understand, ” said Jean Curtiss, commissioner of the Missoula County Commission. “We don’t know all the impacts in the future or the long game. ”  Curtiss made the remarks after a two-hour hearing on June 14, where proponents and opponents of bitcoin mining argued for or against their respective positions, the  Missoulian  reported.  The Missoula County Commission was supposed to vote on a proposed one-year ban on new or expanded cryptocurrency mining in the region, but has delayed the vote until August. The commission said it needs to review details before rendering a decision.  Concerns Over Noise And Electricity Costs  Opponents of bitcoin mining identified five key concerns:  Noise pollution from computer cooling equipment. Potential increase in electricity prices. Increased greenhouse gas emissions from mining. Fire hazards caused by running computers around the clock. Electronic waste caused by nonstop computer use.   Cryptocurrency mining has become increasingly popular in Montana and the Pacific Northwest because of the region ’s low electricity costs and cool temperatures, which keep mining computers from overheating.  Two commercial-sized crypto mining plants are currently operating in Missoula County. Until recently, the Bonner Bitcoin data center was the largest in the world, the  Missoula Current  reported.  It operated 12,000 servers in 2017, and had plans to increase that to 55,000 servers.  Bitcoin mining rigs. Source: Shutterstock  But the area ’s residents complained about the noise caused by the fans used to cool the computers that mine crypto.  “The noise is bad,” Joanne Weimer told the  Missoulian.  “Some people are going to have to move. Our property values are going down. ”  Another resident, who says she owns bitcoin, lamented that she can no longer keep her windows open during the summer because of the noise from the crypto-mining computer fans.  Plant Exec: We Can Make Mining Eco-Friendly  Proponents of bitcoin mining say they ’re in the process of replacing the old noisy fan blades with quieter ones.  Dan Stivers, the manager of bitcoin mining facility Project Spokane, said his plant buys its power from a renewable local hydroelectric source, so environmental concerns aren ’t an issue. He also said his plant recycles or repurposes all its computer hardware.  Stivers said the county should consider all the new jobs and economic growth that crypto mining could bring to the region. “You need to consider the long game, not only for Bonner but for Missoula County and the State of Montana,” he said. “This is emerging technology. ”  Meanwhile, in Upstate New York, construction is already underway to build the world’s largest bitcoin mining center. As CCN has reported, mining firm Coinmint has invested $50 million to convert a 1,300-acre Alcoa aluminum plant in  Massena, New York.  Coinmint plans to  invest up to $700 million  in the facility, which will create an estimated 150 jobs over the next 18 months. The new cryptocurrency mining center is expected to be fully operational by June 2019.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Billionaire Investor Explains Why Bitcoin Price Will Hit $250,000 by 2022 Twitter  Billionaire venture capitalist and investor Tim Draper has long been one of cryptocurrency’s biggest bulls, and that has not changed during the first half of 2018, even as the bitcoin price has sunk more than 67 percent from its all-time high.  Draper, as CCN  reported , has predicted that the bitcoin price will reach $250,000 by 2022, a far cry from the estimated $650 per coin that he paid in 2014 when he won nearly  30,000 BTC  from the US Marshals Service in the famous Silk Road auction.  Speaking with financial publication  TheStreet , Draper said that the recent market downturn has not caused his confidence in that forecast to waver.  “Price-wise, we ’ll continue to see Bitcoin move higher. I ’ve revised my estimate up to $250,000 four years out, so we ’ll see Bitcoin trade around the $250,000 mark in 2022.”  Draper said that he is basing this bet on the expectation that cryptocurrencies  — he’s invested in more than just bitcoin  — will “increase the velocity of money” such that the global currency market will hit $140 trillion within the next decade.  “I expect that since cryptocurrencies will increase the velocity of money, the current $86 trillion global market for currency will grow to be about $140 trillion in the next 10 years, and that growth will be in crypto. In fact, I estimate that fiat currencies will actually decrease in use, and that crypto will become as much as $100 trillion of that market. I expect Bitcoin to  be about 10% of that market, or $10 trillion. There is a lot of room to grow there.”  Draper, who is also behind a high-profile plan to divide California into three states (the initiative will appear on the ballot this November), said that he expects the world is on the cusp of a massive shift toward adopting cryptocurrencies, not just as a store of value, but as an instrument for everyday payments.  The recent bitcoin price decline has not swayed Tim Draper ’s confidence in his bullish 2022 prediction. | Source: Shutterstock  “I believe that in about four years there will be a big change when people start paying in cryptocurrency. It used to be the case that the Bitcoin block was too slow to make small transactions, so it was better as a store of value. But what is happening is that as time goes on, more technologies make it easier for us to use,” he said, referencing second-layer scaling solutions such as the Lightning Network and altcoins such as bitcoin cash.  “Fiat currency will eventually become as passé as trying to pay for coffee with pennies.”  But regardless of where the  bitcoin price  ends up, Draper says that he has no intention to sell his coins. That, he remarked, would be returning to the past.  “I have no interest in selling my Bitcoin. What would I sell it into anyway? Moving from crypto to fiat is like trading shells for gold. It is reverting to the past,” he concluded. “I ’m thinking long term I ’ll use it, spend it, invest it, or just keep it.”  Featured image from Flickr/ Web Summit  
DECREASE	   Blockchain Has Benefits for African Markets, Says Alexander Forbes CEO Twitter  The chief executive officer of one of Africa’s biggest and diversified financial and insurance company, Alexander Forbes, has told CCN that there are benefits in deploying blockchain technology in corporate operations.  The company’s chief executive officer, Andrew Darfoor, told  CCN  in Harare on Friday that blockchain is an exciting technological platform that the company is investigating and assessing.  Several other African companies, as well as the South African government, have already  made advances on blockchain , considered key for its decentralized management nature which experts say helps with transparency.  Darfoor said in an interview with CCN in Harare:  “Blockchain is something that we are investigating and we are assessing it. I think blockchain has benefits but I think it’s a broader digital strategy.”  Alexander Forbes is listed in South Africa and has operations in that country as well as in Botswana, Namibia, Kenya, Nigeria and Zambia among others. It has just received regulatory approvals after acquiring a significant stake in an actuarial company in Zimbabwe.  South Africa has just completed a  blockchain trial for the banking sector  which was undertaken by the country’s reserve bank. It determined that about 70,000 transactions processed through the automated settlement system can be completed within two hours at an average of two seconds.  The trial of blockchain deployment by the Reserve Bank of South Africa has buoyed other players in the country. For Alexander Forbes, blockchain can be a game changer and it has set up an innovation team to work on technological platforms and possible deployment across its operations and across its South African and rest of Africa markets.  The innovation team will investigate blockchain usage and adoption alongside other digital platforms as well as Artificial Intelligence and data interrogation.  “We have created a group innovation team that looks at all channels, digital, AI, data interrogation. We have created a new team that’s assessing this technology and how we need to evolve our business,” added Darfoor.  There is growing interest in blockchain and cryptocurrencies in Africa and markets running from Zimbabwe to Kenya and into West Africa are buzzing with advances towards utilizing the platform.  According to a report by Global Risk Insights, the “most important factors” that have influenced the  development of Africa’s cryptocurrency and blockchain  markets include “its large informal” sector.  However, companies also dealing with formally employed professionals are also seeing opportunities for usage of blockchain and adoption of cryptocurrencies.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   BitLicense #6: New York Grants Cryptocurrency License to Bitcoin Wallet Xapo Twitter  Cryptocurrency wallet and vault Xapo is the latest recipient of New York’s ‘BitLicense’, arguably the strictest state law governing the crypto sector, from the state’s financial regulator.  In an  announcement  on Thursday, the New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS)’s superintendent Maria T. Vullo said the authority is furthering “New York’s continued commitment to creating a thriving, global fintech marketplace” by granting its BitLicense to Xapo, a bitcoin wallet and cold storage service headquartered in Switzerland.  In doing so, the New York regulator has granted its sixth-ever BitLicense, a formal approval to operate in the state of New York, after approving  the first BitLicense  to industry startup Circle in September 2015.  Xapo president Ted Rogers said in statements:  “We are very pleased with the approval of Xapo’s BitLicense application. It is the end result of much hard work, not just by Xapo personnel but by all the DFS and its staff. ”  With its new license, Xapo will now be authorized to offer its digital wallet and its offline vault service to users in New York. Initially headquartered in San Francisco, California, Xapo has since moved its base of operations to the Swiss town of Zug, commonly known as the ‘Crypto Valley’, citing  favorable regulatory conditions  in early 2017.  The NYDFS said Xapo underwent a ‘comprehensive review’ with the regulator looking into the crypto firm’s anti-money laundering, anti-fraud, capitalization, consumer protection and cybersecurity policies. Further, the regulator notably added that the new license is subject to “ongoing supervision by DFS”.  The NYDFS has also  granted approval  to cryptocurrency exchange itBit, formerly known as Paxos, to add four major cryptocurrencies in Ether, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash and Stellar Lumens to its trading and custody services. Paxos does not operate with a BitLicense and was instead granted a virtual currency charter under New York Banking Law in May 2015. The Winklevoss twins’ Gemini exchange is the other licensed cryp tocurrency trading platform to operate with a charter.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Half of Top 10 Cryptocurrencies May Be Securities: Crypto Hedge Fund Executive Twitter  Kyle Samani, a managing partner at cryptocurrency hedge fund Multicoin Capital, believes the majority of the top cryptocurrencies could be considered securities, given SEC Director William Hinman ’s  statement  on Thursday.  In a 17-part tweet , Samani discussed the guidelines issued by the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) on June 14. Hinman, the head of the SEC ’s division of corporate finance, was responsible for revealing to the public the agency ’s stance on cryptocurrencies.  Hinman clarified a digital asset by itself cannot be considered a security. However, depending on how its creators decide to handle advertising and sales, it can become a security. Simply put, tokens which depend on an identifiable person or group to succeed will be considered securities  — unlike those assets which are truly decentralized and no single entity can control it.  Both Samani and Hinman agree  bitcoin  and  ethereum  are examples of this latter type of digital asset and thus are not securities. In Hinman ’s exact words:  “If the network on which the token or coin is to function is sufficiently decentralized  – where purchasers would no longer reasonably expect a person or group to carry out essential managerial or entrepreneurial efforts – the assets may not represent an investment contract. ”  Hinman also released a list of questions to help distinguish security tokens from a utility. It should first be assessed if the promoters are playing a significant role in the project or if they hold a significant amount of tokens  — as in, a majority of them. In cases where promoters raise too much money than what necessary, it is important to hold the team accountable. If no explanation is given, there should be a red flag raised somewhere, he said.  Samani points out  “sufficiently decentralized ” isn ’t a quantifiable measurement and could lead to ambiguity. Hinman ’s words point exactly to that, as he states analysis are not set in stone and could change at any moment. In his example, if someone were to place bitcoins in a fund and sell interests, this particular product would be considered a security.   15/   EOS  – only 1 implementation. B1 owns 10% of tokens. B1 clearly did not launch the chain. If I were B1, I 'd encourage the community to build another EOS implementation. This, combined with the fact that BPs clearly are independent businesses, could make EOS a utility quickly  — Kyle Samani (@KyleSamani)  June 15, 2018   Samani believes that, given the SEC ’s guidelines, the number of implementations by independent teams is one valid metric which can be used to determine if an asset is truly decentralized. Following his logic, apart from bitcoin and ethereum, litecoin, bitcoin cash, and ethereum classic may be the only digital assets in the clear.  He said that, as it stands now, XRP, Tron, stellar, Cardano ’s ADA token, and IOTA are almost certainly securities, while EOS may be a security but could quickly become a utility if the community pursues certain measures in the near future.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   ‘Gut-Wrenching’ Bitcoin Price Decline Driven by Futures Traders: Fundstrat  Twitter  The bitcoin price has experienced a “gut-wrenching” decline in 2018, and Wall Street strategy firm Fundstrat believes it has finally identified the reason why.  Writing in a recent note to clients, Fundstrat founder Tom Lee stated that the  bitcoin price  tends to decline leading into futures expiration dates, suggesting that these products are a major driver of bitcoin ’s movements.  “Bitcoin sees dramatic price changes around CBOE futures expirations. This was something flagged by Justin Saslaw at Raptor Group. We compiled some of the data and this indeed seems to be true, ” Lee wrote, according to  CNBC .  “Overall, bitcoin has fallen 18 percent in the 10 days prior to CBOE contract expiration. ”  “A broader observation is there is significant volatility around these expirations, ” added Lee, a former managing director at JPMorgan.  “And on average, the price recovered by day six [following expiration]. ”  Bitcoin Futures Price (CME) | Source: TradingView  Previously, Fundstrat had attributed the market downturn to  tax-based selling , as traders who took profits in 2017 were forced to sell some of their remaining holdings to cover their capital gains liabilities. However, contrary to their prediction, the bitcoin price did not see a sustained recovery following the income tax return deadline in mid-April.  Now, the firm is joining a growing number of voices who have connected futures to the recent market downturn.  Prior to their launch, many investors and analysts believed that bitcoin futures would  legitimize cryptocurrency  in the eyes of institutional investors. Instead, institutions have remained on the sidelines, and an increasing number of researchers have said that these products have  — to date  — weighed heavily on the market.  As CCN  reported , a recent research report published by the US Federal Reserve suggested that the launch of bitcoin futures triggered the start of the present bear market, largely because it gave bears their first real opportunity (on a regulated US exchange, anyway) to short the bitcoin price.  However, others allege that the decline has been a natural correction in response to suspicious market activity during last year ’s bull run. Recently, researchers at the University of Texas released a  66-page report  suggesting that Tether ’s dollar-pegged USDT token may have been used to artificially inflate the bitcoin price on several exchanges.  Featured Image from YouTube/Upfront Ventures  
DECREASE	   Why Africa Is Fertile Ground for Bitcoin Adoption Twitter  Despite fears and skepticism over usage of virtual currencies for crime, tax evasion and money laundering, more African countries and individual investors are increasingly embracing cryptocurrencies to escape challenges to do with fiat money and to mop up extra value from informal markets that dominate the continent, according to a newly-published local report  Global Risk Insights has now said there are numerous opportunities for  African countries to embrace cryptocurrencies . This comes “as more states in Africa come to accept cryptocurrency in a technology-first approach to digitizing and diversifying” their markets.  “This approach could enable African states to spearhead innovations such as block-chains for easier access to public services and digital currencies issued by central banks,” said Global Risk Insights.  The blockchain technology that bitcoin is built around has already been  trialed  in South Africa for use in financial transactions, with the country’s central bank saying the technology can help reduce the amount taken to complete transactions.  In Kenya, reported Bloomberg on Thursday,  blockchain technology has already been deployed  to “enable credit scoring of small businesses,” therefore allowing them access to micro loans through their mobile phones under a partnership between start-up company Twiga Foods and  IBM .  The interest in blockchain and cryptocurrencies in Africa is spread out across markets running from Zimbabwe to Kenya and into West Africa. According to the Global Risk Insights report, the “most important factors that have influenced the development of Africa’s cryptocurrency market is its large informal” sector.  The International Labour Organization estimates that more than 66% of all employment in Sub-Saharan Africa is in the informal sector. The high rates of unemployment in some African countries could also be pushing innovators to the edge to create blockchain and cryptocurrency solutions and platforms.  Bitcoin is popular in Zimbabwe, but the government is not as enthusiastic about cryptocurrency  Bitcoin ATMs are already a reality in three African countries, including Zimbabwe and South Africa. However, Zimbabwe has banned banks  from processing cryptocurrency transactions  while the central bank says in running a bitcoin cash machine, crypto exchange platforms are offering banking services illegally.  The report continued:  “Other factors that have influenced the development of Africa’s cryptocurrency market include the establishment of regulatory sandboxes in regions such as Sierra Leone to promote Fintech innovation; interest from blockchain companies looking to harness the potential of African markets; and African policymakers and regulators grappling with the risks associated with cryptocurrency. ”  Young entrepreneurs in Kenya are deeply involved in crypto mining as they settle for alternative crowdsourcing methods, to raise funds for their start-ups while in Nigeria, bitcoin sales have been soaring. The West African nation recorded an average of $4.7 million in bitcoin sales per week in January of this year.  Cryptocurrency can also be useful for remittances in African countries facing currency and forex challenges. Experts say African countries facing macroeconomic problems such as volatile money markets “may find investment in digital payment cryptocurrency platforms” that could be useful for counteracting the “negative economic effects that impact ordinary” citizens.  Digital currency exchanges are mushrooming across the continent, with platforms in Zimbabwe, Ghana and other markets seeing  growing interest  in trade in cryptocurrencies ranging from bitcoin, ethereum, to the other 1,500 or more altcoins available. However, regulatory issues have been holding back rapid growth and further development of blockchain and cryptocurrencies on the back of concerns around fraud, crime, and money laundering.  “Considering the potential for large-scale cryptocurrency use in Africa, policymakers in regions across the continent have some  legitimate concerns . Among these is the risk of  crypto asset crime , including tax evasion, money laundering, and terrorist financing through cryptocurrency if its trading is unregulated,” adds the report.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Italian Court Seizes Crypto Exchange BitGrail’s Bitcoin Wallets Twitter  An Italian court has seized bitcoin wallets belonging to shuttered cryptocurrency exchange BitGrail as part of the company’s bankruptcy proceedings.  BitGrail disclosed that its assets had been seized in a  statement  dated June 15, explaining that it had turned over the  bitcoin wallets  on June 5 in response to an order from the Tribunal of Florence.  From the statement:  “On June 5, 2018, pursuant to the Tribunal of Florence orders, the Bitcoins contained in the company ’s wallets were seized and brought under control of the judicial authorities pending further Court decisions in the prebankruptcy proceeding.”  As CCN  reported , BitGrail has effectively been shut down since February, when founder Francisco “The Bomber” Firano revealed that nearly all of the platform’s nano (XRB) reserves  — approximately 17 million XRB, then worth $170 million  — had gone missing, forcing the exchange into insolvency.  There was much controversy over who was responsible for the missing XRB. Nano’s developers  argued  that a bug in the exchange’s software had led to the loss or theft of the funds and accused Firano of concealing BitGrail’s insolvency for an extended period of time.  “To date, all reliable evidence we have reviewed continues to point to a bug in BitGrail’s exchange software as the reason for the loss of funds,” the Nano Foundation wrote in an April update.  Firano, meanwhile, blamed the development team, alleging that the fault lay in the Nano protocol, not his platform’s software.  BitGrail had attempted to re-open its exchange in early May but was  forced to shut down  just three hours later after a lawyer acting on behalf of a BitGrail customer successfully petitioned the court to bar the company from resuming its operations.  BitGrail is currently moving through preliminary bankruptcy proceedings as creditors seek to recover a portion of the assets that they lost when the funds went missing. Firano has criticized creditors for forcing the platform into bankruptcy court rather than letting the exchange re-open and attempt to earn back the funds to fully compensate traders.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Israeli Internet Firm Seeks Tax Authority ’s Permission to Pay Employees in Bitcoin Twitter  Social network company Spot.IM is planning to pay employees using Bitcoin, as  reported  by Israeli newspaper Calcalist. However, the firm is currently negotiating with the Israel Tax Authority to receive permission for the proposed payment method, along with the proper way of calculating exchange rates.  Itay Bracha, Spot.IM ’s legal representative, said that salary or benefit paid to an employee is subject to taxation in Israel. The company plans to open an account on a cryptocurrency exchange. Monthly salary will be converted to  bitcoin  and sent over to the employee ’s digital account.   In order to ensure that bitcoin ’s changing value doesn ’t negatively impact the situation, the average of the highest and lowest BTC value on the specified day will be calculated and used as the exchange rate. However, the staff will have the option to choose between bitcoin or fiat money. They will even be given the chance to receive half of the payment in BTC.   Spot.IM employees are reportedly happy with the ongoing discussion since the high conversion fees will be covered by the company. Apart from net income, pension funds or other benefits won ’t be transferred using bitcoin.  On February 2018, Israel Tax Authority  announced  that cryptocurrencies are assets that are subject to capital gains tax. Thus, employees will need to pay a 25% tax in case they earn gains from Bitcoin.  Ido Goldberg , head of Israel ’s Spot.IM operations, said that the company fully supports cryptocurrencies. In order to create trust, cryptocurrencies require companies to recognize them as legitimate assets.  Headquartered in New York, Spot.IM received $25 million in Series C funding in November 2017. The company has worked with AOL, NBC, Refinery29, Huff Post, Time Inc., and Fox News.  Israel ’s Stance on Bitcoin  Earlier this year in January, Israel ’s  central bank  announced that the country doesn ’t recognize cryptocurrency as a currency or a foreign currency. Nadine Baudot-Trajtenberg, deputy governor of the central bank, said that cryptocurrencies  “should be viewed as a financial asset, with all that entails. ”  In March 2018, Israel Securities Authority (ISA) said that  cryptocurrency firms would not be listed  on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. The news was expected since ISA had already shed light on this topic in 2017. Shmuel Hauser, ISA ’s chairman said,  “We feel that the prices of bitcoin behave like bubbles and we don’t want investors to be subject to that volatility and uncertainty. ”  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   EOS Mainnet Goes Live as Block Producer Voting Passes 15% Threshold Twitter  The process took nearly two arduous weeks, but the EOS blockchain has officially gone live.  According to data from UK-based block producer EOS Authority, the blockchain went live at approximately 17:46 UTC, immediately after block producer voting passed the 15 percent threshold necessary to activate the network.  The mainnet had technically launched a week earlier  — after the various  EOS  launch groups finally agreed to attempt to activate the network  — but it could not become functional until users staked 15 percent of the total supply of EOS tokens to vote for the network’s 21 block producers, who verify transactions on the platform.  Few users were quick to stake their tokens, and  less than one-third  of the required 150 million tokens had been staked as of Tuesday. However, voting  picked up  over the next several days, particularly once cryptocurrency exchanges began to stake tokens on behalf of their users, and a flurry of votes led to the official launch on Thursday.  The EOS mainnet went live on June 14 at approximately 17:46 UTC.  Blockchain development firm Block.one, which  raised $4 billion  to fund the development of the first version of the EOSIO software but did not participate in the mainnet launch, congratulated the community in a statement.  “We are witnesses to history,” wrote the firm, which owns 10 percent of the 1 billion circulating EOS tokens. “Never before has a decentralized network of this size and scale been launched in such a short time.”  The EOS price has outperformed the market in the day since its launch, rising 7.5 percent to $10.89 at the time of writing  — nearly five percentage points more than the overall index, which rose by 2.6 percent during the same timeframe. EOS currently has a $9.8 billion market cap, making it the fifth-largest cryptocurrency according to this metric.  Notably, EOS is not the only top 10 cryptocurrency in the process of migrating from the Ethereum network  — where they have been structured as ERC-20 tokens  — to independent networks. Tron, the 10th-largest cryptocurrency,  released its mainnet software  on May 31 and plans to finalize the transition before the end of June.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Transactions Help Police Track Down Dark Web Drug Dealer Twitter  A French national has pleaded guilty to selling narcotics on the dark web after police were able to trace his criminal activities through his bitcoin accounts. Police arrested 36-year-old Gal Vallerius in September at the Atlanta airport in the US while traveling to attend a beard and mustache competition, according to  Bleeping Computer .  Investigators said Vallerius, who used the name OxyMonster on the Dark Web, established a “tip jar” on the  Dream Market  marketplace. He did not use the marketplace’s internal payment systems that process transactions via a transaction anonymizer for collecting his tips.  Police Trace Bitcoin Activity  Source: Instagram  Police learned that 15 of 17 outgoing transactions from the tip jar went to bitcoin wallets that Vallerius kept on  LocalBitcoins . This allowed them to determine he was OxyMonster. They also found similarities between Vallerius’ and OxyMonster’s writing styles on Twitter and Instagram.  U.S. border agents seized Vallerius’ laptop when he visited the US in the fall and were able to confirm from his laptop that he was OxyMonster. Authorities also found other evidence on the laptop including a PGP encryption key he used to sign messages, Dream Market login credentials, and bitcoin wallets with addresses connected to OxyMonster vendor accounts.  The criminal complaint identified OxyMonster as someone who sold cocaine, fentanyl, LSD, oxycodone and Methamphetamine.  Also read:  The war on online drugs will finally be won in 2340  Vallerius Pleads Guilty  Vallerius admitted selling oxycodone and Ritalin on the Dream Market and signed a guilty plea after trying for nine months to escape a lifetime prison sentence. He pleaded guilty to conspiracy to launder money and to possess with intent to distribute illicit goods and controlled substances. He faces a possible 20 years in prison, but not a lifetime sentence.  According to investigators, Vallerius also used the name VanDeevp and had accounts on other marketplaces such as Evolution, Valhalla, TradRoute,  Hansa Market  and  AlphaBay .  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Exclusive: US Crypto Regulation Has Gotten Worse, Says ShapeShift Co-Founder Twitter  At MoneyConf 2018 in Dublin I sat down with Jon, COO and Co-Founder of instant digital asset exchange  ShapeShift .  ShapeShift launched back in 2014 and made big waves by enabling users to quickly and easily transfer assets through the ShapeShift site. Instead of matching people with each other to sell directly, ShapeShift essentially acts as a store with inventory, selling to customers directly and then replenishing stock.  Jon, the Chief of Operations who only goes by his first name for security reasons, described how in 2014 his co-founder Erik Voorhees spent all day going through the rigorous process of buying an altcoin with Bitcoin (signing up for different exchanges, waiting for confirmations, etc). Frustrated with the lengthy, multi-step process, the founders created their own instant excha nge instead.  The exchange was  hacked  by a rogue employee two years ago, with 315 Bitcoins removed from the hot wallet which by necessity is kept stocked up. Notably, no customer funds were lost during the hack, which Jon feels demonstrated the security of their model from a customer perspective.  “I think we ’re still probably the only exchange that ’s been hacked, lost money, and not lost a cent of customer funds. ”  The project relocated from the US to Switzerland after hostile federal regulation made the local climate inhospitable. In New York and Washington, BitLicense and  Bill 5031  introduced regulations requiring the exchange to hand over customer information and trading data as well as increasing licensing costs. ShapeShift along with many other exchanges currently does not cater to those two states due to regulatory restrictions. Jon spoke out against the harsh regulatory environment in the US:  “I would say in the US it ’s actually gotten worse … especially in the last 6 months. I think explosion of value in 2017 brought a lot of these regulators into the space and made them more concerned. Most of them don ’t understand what the heck it (cryptocurrency) is, but they want to control it. ”  “They don ’t give clarity … all these companies and lawyers and lobbyists are left to read the regulatory  ‘tea-leaves ’ … Nobody knows what the rules are and everyone ’s just left to figure it out, that ’s a dangerous place to be. ”  Jon described the New York Attorney General ’s demands issued to 12 exchanges in April as  “tone deaf ” and  “unproductive ”, but said that perhaps other exchanges could help turn things around at home.  “I do hope that more and more of the crypto companies do band together to help educate the regulators in the space and try to work together to do something productive. ”  Jon pointed out that decentralized exchanges were one of the ways the crypto-community is putting pressure on the regulators as well, stating that while they are currently slow and face low liquidity, that situation is likely to improve in the future and offer people a viable alternative to regulated centralized exchanges.  “I think it ’s a lesson to the smart regulators in the space that if they don ’t work with companies, they ’ll push things that way, and it ’ll become harder and harder for them to have an impact in the space. The more regulators push hard, the more things become unregulatable. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Crypto Market Rebounds as SEC Clarifies Bitcoin and Ethereum are Not Securities Twitter  The cryptocurrency market has rebounded from $271 billion to $291 billion, by more than $20 billion in the past 24 hours, as the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) clarified that Bitcoin and Ethereum are not considered as securities under the laws of the US.   SEC Statement Recovers Ether  At the Yahoo Finance All Markets Summit, William Hinman Director, Division of Corporation Finance at SEC, emphasized during his speech that Ether, the native cryptocurrency of the Ethereum network, and Bitcoin, are not securities as they do not benefit a single organization or a company.  Hinman discussed the initial coin offering (ICO) of Ethereum in 2014, which led investors to become concerned about the regulatory aspect of Ether, and noted that despite the token sale of Ether, its decentralized structure and the current state of the Ethereum network eliminate the possibility of categorizing Ether as a security.  “And putting aside the fundraising that accompanied the creation of Ether, based on my understanding of the present state of Ether, the Ethereum network and its decentralized structure, current offers and sales of Ether are not securities transactions. And, as with Bitcoin, applying the disclosure regime of the federal securities laws to current transactions in Ether would seem to add little value,” Hinman explained.  Immediately after the speech of Hinman was released, the price of Ether spiked by 12 percent, from $464 to $524. While the short-term corrective rally of Ether was put to an end at $524 and the price of Ether has since decreased to $508, the clarification of the SEC regarding the regulatory state of Bitcoin and Ethereum provided the market with a breathing room.  Still, the downward trend of Bitcoin, Ether, and other major cryptocurrencies in the market is strong, and the market will likely continue to decline to the $250 billion mark before initiating a mid-term recovery. But, the statement from the SEC did allow the market to rebound slightly in what previously seemed to be a period of freefall, and the short-term stability the SEC has brought to the market could play a key role in the mid-term price movement of both Bitcoin and Ethereum.  The speech of Hinman was specifically noteworthy and important because it was the first case in which an official from the SEC provide clarity on the nature of Bitcoin and Ethereum in a public statement. Some analysts have stated that the SEC likely offered clarity on the two cryptocurrencies to prevent the cryptocurrency industry and blockchain sector of the US from falling behind other leading markets.  Infrastructure is Developing  As CCN previously reported,  Bittrex  is working actively with blockchain projects and their lawyers to list ERC20 tokens on its trading platform for US customers with full compliance with local regulations. Coinbase, the biggest cryptocurrency exchange and wallet in the world based in the US, also expressed its intent to support the ERC20 token standard in the near future.  Infrastructure is developing rapidly and when the cryptocurrency industry begins to initiate an upward movement, it is likely that all of the positive developments will enable the market to experience an intensified upside trend.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ripple Expects India to Overturn Cryptocurrency Ban with Regulations Twitter  Ripple is reportedly ‘unfazed’ by the Indian central bank’s mandate on restricting banks from dealing with cryptocurrencies and expects a new regulatory framework to rescind the ban altogether.  India’s biggest English news daily, the  Times of India  (TOI), is reporting that crypto and fintech industry giant Ripple is betting on  Basel 3 norms  (international regulations for the banking sector) and a government panel report on cryptocurrencies leading to a new regulatory framework for the sector in the country.  Ripple, which notably has a presence in the Indian city of Mumbai, also expects the RBI to rescind its current ban forbidding banks and regulated financial institutions from offering services to cryptocurrency businesses in the country.  India’s central bank admitted to  not conducting any research or consultation  prior to enforcing its crypto ban in April and a recent report has suggested that a government panel tasked to look into cryptocurrency policy may seek a  reversal of the ban .  Citing Ripple’s global head of infrastructure innovation Dilip Rao, Friday’s TOI report suggests that the firm is looking to aid international and domestic remittance of fiat currencies rather than seeking to replace them, a factor that would seemingly make it more favorable among authorities than decentralized state-averse cryptocurrencies like bitcoin.  As reported previously, Ripple’s blockchain technology is currently being used by major Indian banks for  cross-border remittance  in what is the world’s largest remittance receiver with over $70 billion in corporate and retail remittances annually. While these banks use  RippleNet , the firm’s enterprise blockchain solution, Ripple also offers  xRapid , a blockchain platform for banks powered by its native crypto token XRP.  Rao contends that Ripple could benefit central banks as a backup to traditional payments systems that are vulnerable to intrusions or cyberattacks.  As quoted by TOI, the senior Ripple executive stated:  There is a great regulatory comfort with RippleNet — particularly in the light of the Bank for International Settlements’ policy requiring central banks to have a backup for payment systems having non-similar technology.  Ripple has  already roped in  the Saudi Arabian Monetary Authority, the country’s central bank, to join over 100 financial institutions globally on RippleNet.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin May Not Be Around In 100 Years, Says Nobel Laureate Economist Robert Shiller Twitter  Robert Shiller, a Nobel Prize-winning economist and Yale University professor, says bitcoin may be extinct in 100 years because it  “looks like a bubble. ” If bitcoin is around, Shiller says it will be a completely different iteration of what it is today.  “I ’m thinking bitcoin won ’t look anything like it is today, ” Shiller told  CNBC .  “It ’ll have a different name, if it exists. There have been many hard forks, changing it and changing it. So it ’ll be a matter of dispute whether it exists or not. ”  A Spike and a Fizzle?  Shiller said one scenario could see the top cryptocurrency by market cap experience a huge price spike before fading out.  “One scenario is something like what happened in 2013, when bitcoin topped $1,000 and then lost 80 percent of its value, ” he said.  “It looked like bitcoin was fading away. ”  Shiller then hedged a bit, saying he could be wrong about the volatile market.  “You know, it ’s so hard to predict these things, ” he said.  “I don ’t mean to be dismissive of bitcoin, but it looks like a bubble. ”  Nobel Prize-winning economist Robert Shiller of Yale University. (CNBC).  One thing that Shiller likes about crypto-mania, which he has repeatedly dismissed, is the excitement and innovative spirit it has ignited.  “It ’s getting people enthusiastic, and people are making different kinds of cryptocurrencies, ” he noted.  “There ’s thousands of them now, so something good may come out of it. ”  Student Traded BTC During Final Exam  Shiller said he was amused when one of his economics students recently asked if he could keep his laptop on during his final exam so he could execute a cryptocurrency trade.  “That ’s a new first for me. That shows real enthusiasm, ” Shiller laughed.  “I said,  ‘okay, if it ’s so important to you, you can trade during the final exam. ”  Robert Shiller was one of three people who were jointly awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics in 2013 for their work on spotting financial bubbles. Shiller is an avowed bitcoin bear who has scoffed at the cryptocurrency market ever since it started garnering countless headlines.  A Fad Fueled By Hype  In April 2018, Shiller called bitcoin mania  a passing fancy  that’s fueled by emotions and hype and is not rooted in sound financial fundamentals, as CCN has reported.  “It’s another example of faddish human behavior,” Shiller said.  “It’s a story that I think goes way beyond the merits of the idea. ”  Shiller believes the hype surrounding the decentralized, unregulated virtual currency market stems partly from its defiant image as rebelling against  “The System. ”  “I think it’s partly political,” he reasoned. “There’s a big element of people who don’t trust the government anymore, and they like the idea that this didn’t come from the government. It came from some real smart computer scientist. It’s a great story for today’s markets.”  Of course, for every naysayer there are numerous bitcoin bulls who are supremely confident about its future, including Twitter billionaire Jack Dorsey and billionaire venture capitalist Tim Draper.   Even as Shiller predicts the eventual demise of crypto, Draper has boldly set a  $250,000 bitcoin price  target for 2022.  Like Shiller, Draper has impeccable academic credentials: He has an undergraduate degree in electrical engineering from Stanford University and an MBA from Harvard.  Draper also has a pretty good track record with bitcoin price predictions and is hailed for his savvy decision to buy 30,000 bitcoins for $600 apiece back in 2014, when few people had heard of it. At today’s price of roughly $7,500 a coin, Draper’s stash is now worth about $225 million. Not bad for a four-year investment.  Featured image from Flickr/ World Economic Forum.  
DECREASE	   Chinese President Xi Jinping: Blockchain Reshaping Global Economic Structure Twitter  Xi Jinping, the President of China, arguably the most powerful politician in the world today, has said at the annual academic conference hosted by the Chinese Academy of Sciences that blockchain technology, artificial intelligence (AI), and Internet of Things (IoT) are reshaping the global economic structure.  “Ever since the start of the 21st century, a new generation of industrial revolution is substantially reshaping the global economic structure  … with artificial intelligence, internet of things and blockchain constantly making application breakthroughs,” said  President Xi .  Didn’t China Ban Cryptocurrency Trading?  In September 2017, the Chinese government and local financial authorities led by the People’s Bank of China (PBoC) officially  banned cryptocurrency trading , shutting down local cryptocurrency exchanges and ordering commercial banks to prevent transactions to cryptocurrency brokerages.  However, even after prohibiting cryptocurrency trading, the Chinese government and local conglomerates such as Alibaba and Tencent have continued to focus on developing the blockchain and decentralised platforms that have the potential to improve the economy and the global financial structure.  On May 26, CCN  reported  that the State Council of China ordered local financial authorities and government-funded research centres to allocate more resources in developing, deploying, and commercialising the blockchain.  “To build a regional equity market in Guangdong, according to the opening up of the capital market, timely introduction of Hong Kong, Macao and international investment institutions to participate in transactions. We will vigorously develop financial technology and accelerate the research and application of blockchain and big data technologies under the premise of legal complia nce,” the State Council of China said, maintaining a pro-blockchain attitude.   The statement of the State Council of China was released merely a month after Hangzhou city government decided to spend $1.6 billion on funding blockchain startups.  Most recently, ZhongAn, an insurance giant in China founded by Alibaba and Tencent founders Jack Ma and Pony Ma Huateng, partnered with more than 100 hospitals to utilise the blockchain in processing healthcare records, financial information, and payments.  Local analysts have stated that the ban on cryptocurrency trading does not reflect the government’s stance on the blockchain as an innovative technology. The Chinese government prohibited cryptocurrency trading because it led to local investors and businesses moving the Chinese yuan out of the country to other leading economies.  China has continued to impose strict capital controls since early 2000, and the ban on cryptocurrency trading was a part of the country’s capital control policies.  The Chinese government and the country’s President Xi still remain optimistic in regard to the long-term adoption of the blockchain, as seen in the government’s blockchain initiatives and large allocation of funds into the blockchain sector.  Chinese blockchain projects such as Qtum and VeChain have demonstrated massive success over the past year in the global market as well, with support from local authorities and the government.  China’s Own Blockchain  China has a strong history of replacing dominant platforms and companies such as Google, Facebook, and YouTube with local platforms to boost its economy. WeChat, Youku, and other domestic products replaced Western platforms.  The Chinese government is wanting to remain at the forefront of blockchain development, with local blockchain projects and networks leading the global market.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   ‘A Game Changer’: UK FX Brokerage Pilots Ripple XRP for Money Transfers Twitter  Currencies Direct, a London-based foreign exchange (FX) brokerage, has confirmed a successful international money transfer pilot using Ripple’s xRapid platform, powered by native token XRP.  In an announcement [ PDF ] on Tuesday, the UK brokerage revealed it conducted a number of international money transfers between organizations based in the US, Mexico and Europe in seconds, compared to traditional money wires that typically take 3 to 5 days to complete.  Laying claim to the pilot as one of the first successful trials of a ‘digital asset by a mainstream financial services organization’, Currencies Direct said the testing has ‘served as a technological proof of concept for XRP as a means of value transfer, achieving superior speed of payment and end-to-end transparency’ in comparison to traditional transfer methods.  Currencies Direct product chief Brian Harris called the pilot a ‘game changer’ for the remittance industry, stating:  “Our trial with XRP was a resounding success. We’re currently assessing our next steps, but the evidence we’ve gathered indicates that the use of XRP is a game changer, making payments near-immediate and significantly improving service to our customers. ”  The trial sees the use of xRapid, a Ripple product that uses its digital token XRP to minimize liquidity costs in near-instant transfers around the world, particularly in emerging markets that require pre-funded local currency accounts. In this particular scenario, the sender’s fiat currency was exchanged into XRP at a local exchange. Seconds later, the same XRP is ‘exchanged i nto the destination currency at the second digital asset exchange,” the brokerage explained. The funds are then delivered to the recipient’s domestic account in their native currency, all in a matter of seconds.  Tracked in its entirety he XRP-fueled trial of transactions was conducted between Ripple’s existing banking partners in North America and Europe.  The results represent a “revolutionary step for the industry” according to Harris who opined cryptocurrencies would be better suited as a transfer of value.  He added:  “We believe that utilising cryptocurrencies in this way – as a transfer of value, rather than as a store of value – is the next logical step for our industry. It is, after all, the intended purpose of cryptocurrencies and we’re proud to be leveraging new technology to deliver the most convenient and seamless experience for our customers. ”  Ripple’s xRapid has been gaining interest among payment providers, none bigger than remittance giant Western Union. In February, Ripple said it had been ‘ testing different products with Western Union for a while ’ before confirming a pilot implementation of xRapid powered by XRP.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ethereum Classic Defuses  “Difficulty Bomb ” in Hard Fork Twitter  Ethereum Classic has announced the success of defusing the  “difficulty bomb ” that was found in the network code which was set to render mining unprofitable.  Ethereum Classic  forked from Ethereum  in 2016 over a disagreement surrounding the loss of funds following the hack which compromised the DAO, a smart-contract funding project. Most of the community and original developers opted to fork the chain in order to reverse the transaction and return the lost funds to Ethereum users, but others felt that the blockchain should never be altered, causing a rift and ultimately  splitting the project into the two versions we have today.  Ethereum is currently in the early stages of transitioning to a Proof-of-Stake (PoS) consensus algorithm, which does not require mining, and implemented a feature designed to increase the difficulty of mining and receiving awards to incentivize developers to move from to PoS. Arguing that PoW is the most decentralized means of achieving consensus over block validation, Ethereum  Classic developers currently have no plans to do that, and as such devised a new update ECIP-1041 which they scheduled to take place via a hard fork on block 5,900,000.  The fork has  now been implemented , making it easier for miners to reap the rewards of validating transactions on the network.   Bomb Has Been Diffused 💣  https://t.co/bFo5IQl34I  — Ethereum Classic (@eth_classic)  May 29, 2018   All nodes are required to update in order to continue participating in the new version of Ethereum Classic, as other nodes running the old version will be unable to trade the currency they receive as rewards. Developers say that most of the nodes upgraded before the fork took place. The fork has been in the pipeline since 2016, and was not particularly controversial  – no significant change in market cap or currency value has taken place as of yet.  The latest safe block to implement ECIP-1041 would have been block 6,100,000, and the fork seems to have been implemented smoothly and without complications.  Update 5/30:  A previous version of this article incorrectly stated that Ethereum has already moved to a Proof-of-Stake consensus algorithm.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   UK Financial Regulator Launches 24 Cryptocurrency Investigations Twitter  The United Kingdom’s  Financial Conduct Authority , the country’s markets watchdog and financial regulator, has confirmed that there are 24 investigations pending of cryptocurrency businesses, according to  Citywire .  The  FCA , in response to a Freedom of Information query, acknowledged that seven whistleblower reports were pending with regard to cryptocurrency operations thus far this year.  The regulator said it was inquiring into the operations of 24 unauthorized enterprises active in cryptocurrencies, and is attempting to assess if they are engaged in regulated activities without proper authorization.  Regulatory Action Possible  Should the FCA determine that this is the case, the agency could initiate action against them. The regulator would identify which activities pose the most risk to consumers.  John Griffith-Jones, the outgoing agency chairman, said in March that cryptocurrencies, left unregulated, would harm consumers. The agency could advise consumers on its website about certain firms, activities or individuals, and it could initiate a civil action to freeze assets and halt operations.  The agency may also initiative insolvency proceedings as well as criminal prosecutions.  Also read:  UK watchdog to publish its review on cryptocurrencies later this year  FCA Clarifies Regulatory Scope  The FCA cited cryptocurrencies as a topic of growing interest for regulators and markets globally when it  revealed its business plan . Certain models of cryptocurrency usage place them under the FCA’s sphere of regulatory authority, the agency stated, while at the same time acknowledged cryptocurrencies are not directly under its authority.  The FCA said it will present its views about cryptocurrencies later in the year.  In April, the agency required businesses that offer cryptocurrency derivatives to meet authorization requirements, and added that not doing so would constitute a criminal offense. Not all crypto assets fall under the FCA’s regulatory sphere, the FCA noted.  The current inquiries are not part of Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs and the  Bank of England’s  review of cryptocurrencies that the FCA announced in is 2018-2019 business plan.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   More Than 1,000 Ethereum DApps Have Launched since 2017 Twitter  More than 1,000 decentralized applications (DApps) have been and deployed onto the Ethereum network since 2017, according to analytics startup Alethio.  Alethio’s Christian Crowley shared this data at “ConsenSys Community Day,” which was held this week at the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange and reported on by  Finance Magnates .  Crowley, whose company is building a real-time Ethereum analytics platform, said that more than 1,090 DApps have been developed for Ethereum since the beginning of 2017, though some have not yet gone live on the network.  Though not exclusive to Ethereum, the blockchain project helped pioneer the ability for developers to use  smart contracts  to create and run “unstoppable applications” that can operate without the need for a third-party intermediary. However, as CCN has  reported , Ethereum has yet to find its “killer DApp.”  Data from  DappRadar  indicates that just two DApps  — IDEX and ForkDelta  — have managed to accrue more than 1,000 daily active users (DAU). Both of these DApps are  decentralized exchanges  (DEX), which allow users to trade ERC-20 tokens without placing their funds in an exchange-controlled wallet.  The most well-known DApp,  CryptoKitties , has just 536 DAUs. Nevertheless, the project managed to achieve a $12 million Series A funding round, largely because VCs are bullish that digital collectibles will prove to be one of blockchain technology ’s first consumer use cases to achieve widespread adoption.  Altogether, the more than 500 DApps tracked by DappRadar have a combined active user base of about 12,000.  Crowley also noted that developers deployed more than 700 tokens on Ethereum last year, highlighting the emergence of  initial coin offerings  (ICOs) as a way for startups to raise capital apart from traditional methods. ICOs have collectively raised billions of dollars over the past two years, including one  — EOS  — that is on track to raise  $4.2 billion  before the end of its year-long crowdsale and another  — Telegram  — that raised  $1.7 billion  without even opening its sale to the public.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   The Ethereum Classic Investment Trust (ETCG) Is Trading at a 300% Premium over Its NAV Twitter  The Ethereum Classic Investment Trust (OTC: ETCG) is currently trading at a premium of more than 300 percent over the value of the fund’s underlying assets.  The fund, a product of Grayscale Investments, provides investors with exposure to  ethereum classic  (ETC) by holding the cryptocurrency on their behalf. Each share of ETCG is equivalent to just under 0.97 ETC, though this figure declines over time as the fund sells assets to cover Grayscale’s three percent annual management fee.  According to data supplied by Grayscale, each ETCG share had a net asset value (NAV) of $14.21 when the markets closed on Tuesday, giving the fund a total valuation of $54.3 million. However, shares of ETCG are currently priced at $57.30 on the open market, representing a premium of 303 percent over NAV.  ETCG Price Chart | Source: Trading View  As CCN  reported , ETCG is the second Grayscale fund to be publicly quoted on OTC Markets, enabling retail investors to trade shares through conventional brokerage accounts. Previously, ETCG was only available to accredited investors, who could purchase shares directly from Grayscale through a private placement.  Since Grayscale shares cannot be redeemed for “physical” cryptocurrency, their prices frequently diverge from their NAV due to market forces. The  Bitcoin Investment Trust  (OTC: GBTC), the firm’s other publicly-quoted fund, is currently priced at a 61 percent premium, though it has traded at more than double its NAV in the past.  ETCG’s steep premium likely stems from the fund’s low liquidity. Although the fund can now be traded on brokerage platforms, investors have been keeping a tight fist on their shares. Data from OTC Markets indicates that fund has had an average daily volume of 8,739 shares over the past month, which equates to approximately $500,000 at the current share price.  However, there is also speculation that some investors may be mistaking the fund for the similarly-named  Ethereum Investment Trust , which is currently only available through a private placement. That fund ’s NAV, incidentally, is $53.41.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Italy ’s Economic Pain Is the Bitcoin Price ’s Gain Twitter  Perhaps it took an economic crisis of another kind to lift the cryptocurrency markets. Italy ’s economy is reeling amid a political crisis that has placed a spotlight on the cracks in the EU ’s economic foundation.  Bitcoin Price Trends up as Italy ’s Economy Falters  Italian bonds are going bust, and the negativity has spilled over into stocks as well. But as the global financial markets are reeling, bitcoin is finally beginning to see the light of day again, and it could just have something to do with the fact that a potential threat to the euro highlights the benefits of a decentralized currency like bitcoin.  The  bitcoin price  is currently trading above the $7,400 threshold after  falling to a May low  earlier in the day.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Reason to Rally  The cryptocurrency markets have been searching for a reason to rally, and many of us have been looking to the centralized governments of the world to provide that catalyst.  Meanwhile, the mechanics of the cryptocurrency markets are working just fine, and have pulled off a rally  — albeit on modest trading volume  — on a development that highlights the very strengths of a decentralized world. Bitcoin and its altcoin peers have proven once again the power of a digital currency that is not controlled by the central bank but instead the masses.  The crisis in Italy has placed a great deal of pressure on the euro, sending Europe ’s common currency to its lowest levels against the USD in months. Italian bonds have similarly sold off amid the possibility of Europe ’s third-largest economy staging a Brexit of its own. A decentralized currency like bitcoin becomes even more attractive when the common currency of Europe  becomes unstable .  Fundstrat ’s Thomas Lee cheered the crypto market ’s response,  telling Business Insider :  “To an extent, I think its good to see Bitcoin rallying with Gold, as the adverse developments in Italy and globally are pushing investors to risk-off. It ’s good to see Bitcoin as an uncorrelated trade on a risk off day. ”  Take the Latin American economy of Venezuela as an example. While the economic conditions in Venezuela are specific to the region, comprised of hyperinflation, food crisis and a broke government, the end result is a currency whose value has been destroyed. As a result, Venezuela ’s currency was being exchanged for bitcoin at a record pace in mid-April, when  more than $1 million  in  “bolivar-to-bitcoin ” conversions occurred in a single day.  Italy ’s fate in the EU has yet to unfold, and a snap election appears to be taking shape for the coming months there. In the meantime, it ’s not just bitcoin that ’s benefitting. Other leading digital currencies including ethereum, ripple, bitcoin cash and litecoin were all trading between 2%-4% higher while cardano soared nearly 10%.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Kuwait Bank Adopts Ripple for Instant Cross-Border Payments Twitter  The Kuwait Finance House (KFH) has become the Arab nation’s first bank to join RippleNet, an enterprise blockchain network from industry giant Ripple, for international remittance payments.  In an  announcement , the Kuwaiti bank confirmed its move to join RippleNet, a SWIFT-replacement global blockchain network that sees over 100 financial institutions including banks, payment providers, remittance operators and other financial institutions use the product for real-time clearing and settlement of international transactions.  KFH, which is also Kuwait’s first Islamic bank, underlined its intention to use Ripple’s ‘unique tool’ for cross-border payments for its retail customers, stating:  With this, KFH can provide instant and secure cross-border money transfers within seconds, with end-to-end visibility over the journey of the payment.  Details of the offering are currently scarce and it remains to be seen if the bank uses Ripple’s  xCurrent , an enterprise blockchain software that enables settlements in fiat or  xRapid , a product which uses Ripple’s token cryptocurrency XRP for real-time liquidity for international transactions.  While the bank says it will require the approval of the Central Bank of Kuwait (CBK) prior to the launch of the Ripple-enabled service, KFH insists customers will benefit from faster payments in increased efficiency, security and transparency of the transaction at markedly lower costs than traditional remittance solutions.  Elsewhere in the region, UAE-based RAK Bank, also known as the National Bank of Ras Al-Khaimah, an emirate in the UAE, became a RippleNet member in September to enable “instant, frictionless and secure money transfer services” to  recipients with accounts in India’s Axis Bank , also a RippleNet member. In February, one of the Middle East’s biggest money transfer and forex firms, the  UAE Exchange , also joined the blockchain network developed by San Francisco-based Ripple.  The Saudi Arabian Monetary Authority (SAMA), the defacto central bank of Saudi Arabia, has also partnered Ripple to pilot Ripple’s xCurrent among a number of regional banks. The SAMA also became  the first central bank  in the world to join RippleNet.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   EOS Denies Protocol Bugs Will Delay Mainnet Launch Twitter  The development team behind EOS said that the recent discovery of what have been described as “epic vulnerabilities” in the blockchain project’s source code will not prevent developers from shipping the software on time.  Writing on Twitter, the EOS developers criticized media outlets who reported that the  recently-discovered vulnerability   — which researchers said would allow an attacker to gain control of all network-connected nodes  — would delay the release of the EOS mainnet.   Media has incorrectly reported a potential delay in the release of EOSIO V1 due to software vulnerabilities. Our team has already fixed most and is hard at work with the remaining ones. EOSIO V1 is on schedule; please stay tuned to our EOSIO channels for official information.  — EOS (@EOS_io)  May 30, 2018   “Media has incorrectly reported a potential delay in the release of EOSIO V1 due to software vulnerabilities,” the team said. “Our team has already fixed most and is hard at work with the remaining ones. EOSIO V1 is on schedule; please stay tuned to our EOSIO channels for official information.”  According to  Qihoo 360 , the Chinese cybersecurity firm that first identified the vulnerability, the bug would have allowed an attacker to gain control of the network’s nodes by uploading a malicious smart contract to the EOS network. They could then have not only manipulated transactions but also used the nodes as a de facto botnet to mine another cryptocurrency or launch a cyber attack.  However, EOS lead developer Daniel Larimer quickly patched the vulnerability once Qihoo 360 made him aware of it, so the development team said there is no reason to delay the software’s production release.  As CCN  reported , EOS creator Block.one is on track to raise $4.2 billion from the EOS initial coin offering (ICO), which began last June and is just days away from reaching its conclusion. But perhaps even more notable than that figure is that the company managed to raise it even while maintaining that the firm will not continue to develop the protocol’s software following its release.  Importantly, EOS token buyers who purchased tokens outside of the crowdsale or have moved their tokens to different ethereum addresses must register their tokens through the ICO website before June 2 to ensure that they can access them on the official network.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Hackers Demand $1 Million in XRP after Breaching Two Canadian Banks Twitter  Hackers who stole the personal information of tens of thousands of customers from two Canadian banks are threatening to publish that data online unless the banks pay them $1 million in XRP.  Regional media outlet  CBC News  reports that the Bank of Montreal (BMO) and Simplii Financial were successfully breached over the weekend, allowing the hackers to access sensitive personal and financial information belonging to more than 90,000 customers. Stolen information included names, passwords, account numbers, security questions and answers, account balances, and social insurance numbers.  According to emails allegedly sent by the perpetrators, the hackers are holding that data for ransom and will dump it online unless the banks send them $1 million worth of Ripple’s  XRP token , which is currently the  fourth-largest cryptocurrency  by market cap.  “We warned BMO and Simplii that we would share their customers informations if they don ’t cooperate, ” said the email, which appears to have been sent from Russia.  “These  … profile will be leaked on fraud forum and fraud community as well as the 90,000 left if we don ’t get the payment before May 28 2018 11:59PM.”  The hackers explained that they were able to breach the banks’ sub-par security by using an algorithm to generate account numbers and then posing as customers who had forgotten their passwords.  “They were giving too much permission to half-authenticated account which enabled us to grab all these information, ” the email said, adding that the system  “was not checking if a password was valid until the security question were input correctly. ”  The attackers also included an example customer data set from each bank to prove that they had circumvented the institutions ’ security protocols.  The deadline to submit to the ransom demand has now passed, but it is not clear if the fraudsters have carried out their threat to release the customer data on the web. In any case, it does not appear that the institutions intend to pay the ransom.  “Our practice is not to make payments to fraudsters, ” the Bank of Montreal told the publication in a statement.  “We are focused on protecting and helping our customers. ”  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Korea’s Supreme Court Orders Seizure of $1.4 Million in Bitcoin in Criminal Case Twitter  South Korean authorities are cleared to confiscate 191 bitcoins, about $1.43 million, from the operator of a child pornography website in addition to a prison sentence and a penalty.  In a ruling on Wednesday, South Korea’s Supreme Court said that cryptocurrency can be deemed a forfeitable asset in a criminal prosecution,  Yonhap News  reports.  In doing so, the Supreme Court upheld an appellate court’s conviction and overturned a lower court’s ruling to reject a prosecutor’s request for the forfeiture of the 33-year-old accused’s bitcoin holdings after he was first charged in May 2014.  A lower court had previously ruled that the accused’s cyber assets cannot be seized since they have no physical form and only exist electronically. Today’s Supreme Court order has overruled that decision, ruling that cryptocurrency can figure as “profit earned from trade in goods.” Still, it remains to be seen how authorities move to seize the operator’s cryptocurrency and admi nister it subsequently.  The operator of the website has also been handed a sentence of 18 months in prison and a penalty of 696 million won ($644,000) in addition to having his bitcoins seized.  Today’s ruling could have wider ramifications for a number of other criminal cases involving cryptocurrencies. A series of raids into cryptocurrency exchanges over  embezzlement  of users’ crypto funds have seen executives detained and  computer hardware seized .  An ongoing criminal case into a major  $250 million ethereum mining scam  has seen Korean prosecutors file charges against several individuals associated with a US-based cryptocurrency mining firm, accusing it of fraudulently soliciting money from Korean nationals and investors around the world.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   SEC Obtains Emergency Order to Halt Scam ICO,  ‘Blockchain Evangelist ’ Charged Twitter  The Securities and Exchange  Commission announced  yesterday that it has obtained a court order to halt a fraudulent ICO that has raised as much as $21 million from US and international investors. The firm behind the alleged scheme is Titanium Blockchain Instrastructure Services Inc, and the court approved an asset freeze and appointment of a receiver for the firm.    SEC Obtains Emergency Order Halting Fraudulent Coin Offering Scheme:  https://t.co/k2AqSWw9Mf  — SEC Enforcement (@SEC_Enforcement)  May 29, 2018   Titanium President Michael Alan Stollery AKA Michael Stollaire is accused of lying about business relationships with the Federal Reserve, PayPal, Verizon, Boeing, The Walt Disney Company, and dozens of other firms and corporate clients.  The website contained multiple testimonials that the SEC deem to be fabricated, and self-described  ‘blockchain evangelist ’  Stollaire allegedly  promoted the ICO through videos and social media, comparing the investment opportunities to that of early investment in  “Intel or Google. ”  Chief Robert A. Cohen of the SEC Enforcement Division’s Cyber Unit said:    “This ICO was based on a social media marketing blitz that allegedly deceived investors with purely fictional claims of business prospects. Having filed multiple cases involving allegedly fraudulent ICOs, we again encourage investors to be especially cautious when considering these as investments.”    The SEC complaint was filed in a federal district court in Los Angeles on May 22 and charges Stollery and Titanium with violating antifraud and registration provisions of the federal securities laws. Another Stollaire company, EHI Internetwork and Ststems Management Inc., is also charged with violating antifraud provisions. The SEC is seeking the return of the funds that were r aised with interest and additional penalties as well as a ban prohibiting Stollaire from participating in offering digital securities.  Following the temporary restraining order against Stollaire and his companies, all parties have consented to the entry of a preliminary injunction and for the Titanium firm to be put into receivership permanently.  The SEC has taken action against fraudulent ICOs recently by  indicting ICO founders  and launching a  mock ICO website  mirroring the hallmark traits of a scam project in order to inform and educate the public of the risks in ICO investment, along with an  Investor Bulletin  on ICOs. The SEC chairman Jay Clayton has also applauded the success of the fraudulent ICO crackdown called  Operation Crypto Sweep  which was launched in April by the North American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA) which has launched 70 investigations into scam ICOs in the past month.  Investors in the Titanium ICO who believe they may be a victim should contact the SEC through  www.SEC.gov/tcr  and reference  SEC v. Titanium Blockchain Infrastructure Services, Inc., et al ., Civil Action No. 18-4315 (C.D. Cal.).  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   “A Big Threat to Korean Exchanges ”  – Chinese Capital Floods Korean Crypto Markets Twitter  Following the  cryptocurrency crackdown  in China shutting down all crypto exchanges and ICOs, Chinese investors have turned to the Korean market for opportunities in the cryptocurrency space leading to concerns in Korea that their local crypto-trading industry may become dominated by Chinese investors.  Multiple Chinese-funded exchanges like Zeniex, OK Coin, and Gate.io have found a home in Korea following the harsh restrictions set out by the Chinese government. Zeniex, an exchange which received investment from China ’s largest internet security company Qihoo 360 and is connected to Bishije and Jinse Chaijing crypto/blockchain media outlets, is now based in Korea. The 18th largest exchange in the world, Gate.io, is a Chinese exchange that also started operations in Korea this month, as well as OK Coin entering the market last month.   1. OKCoin and Huobi launching in South Korea this year 2. SK Government considering bitcoin futures 3. 10 more exchanges launching in Korea 4. Debate about public blockchain vs permissioned blockchain on national TV.  Does this look like a market that will ban trading?  Nope.  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  January 19, 2018   Crypto-trading and awareness in Korea is booming and the country does not have strict regulations regarding the establishment of cryptocurrency exchanges at this time, making it an appealing option for Chinese business looking for regulatory havens close to home.  Where China ’s ban is firmly in place, South Korea ’s National Assembly proposed yesterday that the  nation ’s ban on ICOs be lifted , and regulators are taking a soft approach with talks of  classing cryptocurrencies as financial assets . The Korean influence on the crypto-market is so great that when the nation ’s largest exchange  Upbit was investigated for fraud  earlier this year the market saw a significant decline in value.  As the influx of Chinese funding continues to grow, experts are concerned that the digital currency market in Korea will be entirely controlled by Chinese exchanges unless regulations are put in place to curb the mass exodus of foreign companies.  “Chinese virtual currency exchanges are not yet competitive, but they are key players in the global market, ”  said an official  in the local cryptocurrency industry. “If the Korean virtual money market moves into the system and Chinese exchanges receive real name accounts in the future, the Chinese exchanges will become a big threat to Korean exchanges. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Rebounds to $7,500, Still Early for a Bull Run Twitter  The bitcoin price has increased by around 6.5 percent since its dip to $7,040 on May 30, stabilising in the $7,500 region. Naturally, as the bitcoin price spiked, the entire cryptocurrency market followed the dominant cryptocurrency’s upward price trend, leading both major cryptocurrencies and tokens to increase by 3 to 10 percent.  Can Bitcoin Sustain its Momentum?  The mid-term trend of the bitcoin price still remains bearish, and it is possible that BTC dips below the $7,000 region before initiating a major bull run or a strong rally. If BTC breaks through the $7,600 mark and continues its run towards $7,800, the start of a proper mid-term bull run is likely, but if BTC fails to sustain momentum in the $7,500 region, BTC will likely move  back down to the lower end of the $7,000 region and eventually to mid-$6,000.   It is essential to prevent recency bias from influencing calls on both the downside and upside. In March, prestigious UK college Warwick Business School professor of finance Daniele Bianchi stated that hype and emotion mostly drive the price patterns of 14 major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin.  “There is research showing limited similarities between Bitcoin and gold, but looking across the 14 biggest cryptocurrencies the high volatility of their price means that they can hardly be seen as a reliable savings instrument in the short-term, let alone the long or medium term,”  Bianchi explained , who presented his findings from a study entitled “Cryptocurrencies as an Asset Class: An Empirical Assessment.”  BTC has been on a downward trajectory ever since it failed to test a major support level at $10,000 and unless it secures a strong support level in the short-term, it will have difficulty securing a mid-term rally throughout 2018.   Apart from the large $500 candle that was formed on May 29, bitcoin and the rest of the cryptocurrency market have not seen sufficient volume and movement on the upside to conclude that a bull market has been initiated. Within 30 minutes, the bitcoin price increased from $7,040 to $7,500 on May 29, but since then, the price has remained in the same region without making any significant movement.  From here, it is likely that BTC drops to the lower end of $7,000, tests mid-$6,000 as a mid-term support level, and prepare a gradual increase from the higher end of $6,000 to major support levels at $10,000 and $12,000.  While the mid to long-term future of bitcoin remains promising given the positive developments in the cryptocurrency sector, it is unlikely that BTC recovers from the current level to $10,000.  Tokens Experience Exaggerated Movement  Most tokens experience intensified movements on both the upside and downside, depending on the performance of major cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin and Ethereum. Over the past 24 hours, tokens such as Golem, Theta, ICON, and Dragonchain have recorded gains in the 10 to 30 percent range against the US dollar.  Featured image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   India’s Telecom Regulator Taps Blockchain to Curb Spam Calls, SMSes Twitter  The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) is turning to blockchain technology to curb telemarketing spam via phone calls and SMSs.  The initiative, the first of its kind, sees the regulator issue draft guidelines on Tuesday to combat the widespread problem of unsolicited calls and communication over mobile SMS, Indian business daily  Economic Times  reports  According to the regulator, India’s telecom subscriber base hit  1.19 billion users  in December 2017.  With blockchain technology, the TRAI is looking at securing the contact information of hundreds of millions of users cryptographically to ensure privacy. The information will only be available to registered telemarketers under specific conditions.  “The problem is widespread globally,” TRAI chairman R.S. Sharma said, asserting that the authority had failed in previous efforts to check unsolicited telemarketing calls. The regulator said it will also work with telecom operators and other stakeholders to tackle the problem with a regulatory framework while turning to blockchain technology.  The regulator’s chairman told reporters upon issuing the draft guidelines:  “Blockchain will ensure two things  — non-repudiable[record keeping] and confidentiality. Only thoseauthorizedd to access details will be able to access subscriber details and only when they need to deliver service … TRAI will become the first organization to implement this kind of regulation. ”  Notably, the draft rules will also require subscribers to give consent before receiving any communication. End users wil also be able to review or revoke their consent instantly at any time. The current opt-out system takes a week to register the user’s choice. With blockchain technology, the TRAI official confirmed it “will be activated instantaneously.”  Further, the blockchain ledger will record all communication between subscribers and telecom companies to capture users’ consent for information. To safeguard subscribers who have given consent for communication, the draft is also proposing to prevent the misuse of repeated unsolicited calls.  The proposed framework will first be deployed in a regulatory sandbox wherein users can agree to receiving spam or block it altogether to test the efficiency of the solution.  The ‘Telecom Commercial Customer Preference Regulation’ draft will be open for comment till June 11.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Korea Customs Authority to Test Blockchain Clearance System for Imports, Exports Twitter  The Korea Customs Service (KSC) is reportedly due to test a blockchain-based system to verify data and shipments during imports and exports with over 50 companies domestically.  According to the  Korea Times , the KCS is developing a customs data platform powered by blockchain technology in an effort to boost enhance the efficiency of a customs-clearing process that has long-relied on paper and is notoriously inefficient due to human error.  Specifically, the real-world test will check if a distributed blockchain ledger boosts accuracy and transparency in issuing Certificates of Origin, a crucial international trade document that certifies that goods in a particular export shipment are wholly obtained, produced, manufactured or processed in a particular country. The certificate also contains details of the product,  its destination and the country of export and can also serve as a declaration by the exporter.  While details surrounding the in-house blockchain are scarce, the customs authority has already recruited five working groups and 50 companies domestically on the exporting side and five working groups and 10 companies based in Vietnam and Singapore for imports, to test the system.  If the test proves successful, the KCS said it will apply the technology to other services.  The developments come at a time when a consortium of logistics companies, government authorities including the KCS and shipping operators in Korea concluded a  successful 7-month blockchain logistic pilot  of real-world imports and exports.  Powered by a blockchain product developed by Samsung SDS, the IT subsidiary of Samsung, the  project took off  a year ago and delivered its first successful trial of a  shipment from Korea to China  in September wherein the entire process of booking the shipment domestically to delivering the cargo in China was facilitated over a blockchain.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Putin ’s Orders: Russia ’s ‘Digital Law’ Bill Won’t Legalize Crypto Payments Twitter  Russia’s  State Duma Committee on State Construction was scheduled to hold the first reading of amendments to the country’s civil code pertaining to digital currency today, but is not expected to make digital currency a legitimate method of payment, according to  Izvestia , the news portal of the Ministry of Information Technologies.  The bill, which the State Duma Committee on State Construction plans to support, will establish a legal basis for digital rights and digital transactions, Head of the State Construction Committee Pavel Krasheninnikov told Izvestia.  Experts, meanwhile, consider cryptocurrency a “promising” entity, making it worth including in the country’s legal arena.  Amendments were sent in March to Krasheninnikov and Vyacheslav Volodin, the State Duma Speaker.  President Vladimir Putin previously told the central bank and the government to  provide an assessment of cryptocurrency , including all the risks it involves and whether it is necessary to utilize new technological solutions in banking.  Officials believe the law will eliminate risks of digital objects being used to place assets in an uncontrolled environment, by which proceeds of crime can become legalized.  Users of cryptocurrencies can be unprotected on account of insufficient regulation, according to the draft.  While digital currency does not become a legal method of payment, it follows from the bill that in the future, such currencies will be used as payment “in controlled quantities.” By that time, a separate law by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Economic Development and the Central Bank will establish the conditions by which such payment can occur.  The bill considers digital confirmation of an identified user as his written consent, serving as a means of signing a “smart contract.” A transaction is considered complete after signing and can only be disputed if there is third party interference in the computer program’s operation.  The bill also legalizes processing and collecting large amounts of information.  Russia ’s  “Digital Law ” bill does not legalize cryptocurrencies, though futures legislation might.  The State Duma’s legal department has been advised to use the concepts “cryptocurrency” and “ token ” rather than “digital money” and “digital law,” based on terms that are used in practice.  The bill does not address all of the president’s directives, but its presents conditions for further regulation of the digital currency industry, said Igor Sudets, director of the Plekhanov Russian Economic University’s  “Blockade for Lawyers ” educational program.  Because cryptocurrencies and tokens are currently outside the legal arena, they can be used for bribes, withdrawing funds from bankruptcy, paying “black” salaries, Sudets said.  If cryptocurrency is not legalized in one form or another, Russia will miss the opportunity to withdraw from the shadows and consolidate a number of serious financial flows on its territory, the expert believes.  Yelena Tsaturyan, legal counsel for the KSC groups, said a regulation of cryptocurrencies should be a positive development. In Japan, cryptocurrencies have received some legal status as an instrument of payment, while the European Union has recognized bitcoin as a currency for tax purposes.  Tsaturyan said Russia cannot ignore addressing the legal status of cryptocurrency. She said it is a “contradictory situation” where the state does not recognize  bitcoin  but income from digital currency operations are taxed. She said digital currency should be introduced into circulation.  The bill is scheduled for consideration at a plenary session next week.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Don ’t Tell Jamie! JPMorgan May Help Its Clients Invest in Cryptocurrency Twitter  JPMorgan, the largest bank in the US with a $384 billion market valuation,  has tasked  Fintech and In-Residence programme head Oliver Harris to create various strategies the corporation could utilize to help its clients to invest in the cryptocurrency market.   Motivation  In 2017, JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon, who is often described as one of the most powerful figures in the global finance industry, heavily condemned bitcoin by calling the dominant cryptocurrency a fraud.   In January of this year, CCN reported that Dimon regretted offering a premature criticism of bitcoin. Dimon stated that he regret making comments such as “bitcoin is a fraud” and “bitcoin is worse than the tulip bubble.”  Dimon said:  “The bitcoin to me was always what the governments are gonna feel about bitcoin as it gets really big, and I just have a different opinion than other people. I’m not interested that much in the subject at all. The blockchain is real. You can have crypto yen and dollars and stuff like that. ICO’s you have to look at individually.”  JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has called bitcoin a  “fraud ” that is  “worth nothing, ” though he has walked back those comments in recent months.  Several experts and large-scale investors in the cryptocurrency sector such as Blocktower Capital founder Ari Paul, a cryptocurrency hedge fund founded and operated by former Goldman Sachs executives, have previously stated that they do not believe Dimon lacks knowledge in the cryptocurrency sector.  Rather, Dimon perceives bitcoin as a threat to the offshore banking services JPMorgan offers, as cryptocurrencies can transfer large sums of money in orders of magnitude better than banks.  In an interview with Business Insider, Paul explained:  “So most of the financial luminaries, I think genuinely don’t understand what it’s trying to be. Jamie Dimon’s an exception. By all accounts, I know people who spoke to him about cryptocurrency four years ago. He gets it, he understands it, probably better than me and he views it, I think, as a brand new competitor to JPMorgan. So he understands that JPMorgan collects a lot of fees for providing a storage of wealth in a secure way that’s judgement resistant to clients, and bitcoin does it an order of magnitude better.”  Entering the Cryptocurrency Market   Although JPMorgan acknowledges and  considers bitcoin as a threat  to its business model, it has started to prepare strategies and products the bank could use to facilitate the demand from its clients because the cryptocurrency market has become more difficult to dismiss and the demand from investors in the public market has drastically increased over the past year.   Moving forward, Harris, who was appointed as the head of the firm ’s new cryptocurrency department, will report into JPMorgan blockchain initiatives head Umar Farooq and work with the bank’s blockchain analysts and developers to serve clients that are seeking to invest in cryptocurrencies as a long-term investment.  Already, other major banks like Morgan Stanley have started to create products that allow investors to invest in the cryptocurrency market with minimal risks. Given that Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, NYSE, and JPMorgan have all started to develop cryptocurrency trading products in a similar time frame, it is likely that the finance sector will see public cryptocurrency instruments by the end of this year by these major banks.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Too Volatile for Merchants, Claims PayPal CFO Twitter  The bitcoin price is too volatile to make it a useful payment tool for merchants, PayPal CFO John Rainey claimed in a recent interview.  Bitcoin Price Too Volatile for Merchants  Rainey made this claim during a recent episode of  “ Mad Money , ” explaining that merchant margins are too thin to make bitcoin a viable payment medium.  You have a  “10 percent margin on a product that you sell and you accept bitcoin, for example, and the very next day it moves 15 percent, you’re now underwater on that transaction, ” he said.  Admittedly, itcoin and cryptocurrency prices are a lot more volatile than their fiat counterparts. A 1% or 2% swing in forex is considered a major move, whereas a 15% bitcoin price movement is not extraordinary, although it has swung upwards just as quickly in recent years.  Rainey did go on to suggest that if merchant demand increased in the future, they would look at their bitcoin policy again.  When talking about the possibility of accepting crypto in the future, Rainey went on to say:  “You could have something that appeals to consumers, but if merchants don’t accept it, it’s of little value. Right now, we don’t see a lot of interest from our merchants. But if it’s something that stabilizes in the future and is a better currency, then we’ll certainly support that.”  PayPal ’s Cryptocurrency Plans  PayPal CEO John Rainey says the bitcoin price is too volatile for merchants, but the company has won a patent for a cryptocurrency payment system.  Despite Rainey ’s comments, an increasing number of companies accept bitcoin and cryptocurrencies as a payment method, primarily through third-party payment processors that convert the funds to local fiat currency at the point of sale to shelter merchants from price volatility.  Overstock was the first major retailer to accept crypto, and it continues to do so today. Expedia enables users to pay for hotels and holidays with bitcoin, and some Subway locations also accept the largest cryptocurrency. Many smaller stores accept bitcoin, as well, and the number of outlets, both digital and real-world, accepting additional cryptocurrencies like litecoin and ethereum also continues to grow.  Some PayPal founders and executives haven’t pulled their punches when talking about Bitcoin in the past. Founding CEO Bill Harris described Bitcoin as “ the greatest scam in history ” before claiming that it cost valuable natural resources, that almost nobody accepts it as a payment method, and that it has no intrinsic worth  — arguments that the Bitcoin community have had to field for many years now.  Despite the bearish outlook of some executives, the online payment processor  filed a patent  in March this year for a system that would enable cryptocurrency users to swap private keys off-chain, rather than having to send coins over the network. The company is clearly keeping a keen eye on the sector, as it develops.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Mining Could Use 0.5% of World ’s Electricity Energy in 2018 Twitter  A recently released peer-reviewed  article  by blockchain evangelist and financial economist Alex de Vries deployed a novel methodology to determine Bitcoin’s energy usage a few years from now, and the estimated results are certainly astonishing.  Pay with Bitcoin or Power a Home?  Published  on May 16 on  Joule ,  de Vries made use of complex economic models, coupled with publically available electricity costs and mining statistics, with the intentions of producing a scientific paper that companies and individuals can base their research on.   According to de Vries, the worldwide minimum current requirement of Bitcoin is 2.55 gigawatts, equivalent to the electricity usage of Ireland, the world’s 118th largest country by landmass. The researcher also states that this amount equals to half a percent of the world’s total electricity usage.  The report suggests that bitcoin mining power consumption this year could equal the usage of Austria.  Furthermore, every transaction via the Bitcoin network uses up enough electricity to power an average home in the Netherlands.   De Vries, who currently works with PwC Netherlands, believes that the world’s pioneer cryptocurrency may end up using 7.7 gigawatts to power its network by the end of this year, a figure equal to the electricity usage of Austria!  Bad for Bitcoin, Bad For Climate  The huge costs associated with Bitcoin mining  – a process that “timestamps” transactions and performs extensive calculations  – has been a subject of criticism since years. And with the increase in the network’s size, the costs are further poised to grow, possibly consuming 5 percent of the world’s total electricity in the future.  De Vries notes:  You are generating numbers the whole time and the machines you ’re using for that use electricity. But if you want to get a bigger slice of the pie, you need to increase your computing power. So there ’s a big incentive for people to increase how much they ’re spending on electricity and on machines.  Applying economic principles to the Bitcoin protocol highly suggests the network reaching a point of equilibrium, which would see the miner’s bitcoin incentives become equal to the computing, hardware, and electricity costs involved.   With that in mind, de Vries extrapolated present data to that of the equilibrium point, to determine electricity costs and economic implications in running the Bitcoin network during that period  Sources May Have Skewed Results  A telling point remains that of utilizing public data, which de Vries feels could be misleading. Mining companies like Bitmain are highly secretive operations, and official documents pertaining to their operations are largely unavailable.   However, de Vries is confident of his prediction, and says:  Sometimes the best information we ’ve got is really shaky eyewitness accounts. That ’s the stuff we have to work with.  The researcher believes that his paper can be referred to by governments and regulatory bodies prior to placing restrictions or introducing laws, as its peer-reviewed, scientific nature supersedes that of anecdotal evidence and weakly researched publications.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitfinex Forces Users to Submit Tax Information, May Share with Government Twitter  Major cryptocurrency exchange  Bitfinex  has recently  notified  some of its users that they are required to submit their tax information so the company can then send it over to the British Virgin Island’s (BVI) government, which “may” exchange the info with the tax authorities of its users’ country of residence.  The exchange’s message reads:  “The government of the BVI may then exchange information with the tax authorities of the customer’s country of residence, consistent with the British Virgin Islands law, the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FACTA), and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development Common Reporting Standard (CRS).”  Justifying its move, Bitfinex noted that under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, the jurisdiction in which the exchange is currently based, it is required to “report certain account information to the BVI government.”   Bitfinex is now requiring users to give their tax information so that it can send it to BVI which will exchange it with your country 's tax authorities.  We strongly disavow.  If you also disagree with this decision, peacefully protest it by withdrawing your money from Bitfinex  pic.twitter.com/VkYchg3sqg  — Whalepool (@whalepool)  May 17, 2018   The notice goes on to list various self-certification forms for its users, depending on whether they’re individuals or entities, and whether they are or aren’t based in the US. Notably, the exchange set May 24 as the deadline to submit these forms, giving users just seven days to comply.  At the end of the message, Bitfinex reminded its users they’re required to hand over such information, as they agreed to comply with applicable laws and regulations when agreeing to its terms of service.  The cryptocurrency exchange  revealed on Twitter , when Whalepool shared its request with its over 36,000 followers, that it only sent the message to users it believes “have an obligation to self-disclose.” It added that users who did not receive the message were not required to comply  “at this time. ”  Protesting Bitfinex’s move, Whalepool suggested users withdraw their funds from the exchange to show they don’t agree with what’s being asked of them. It also added in a  follow-up tweet  that former New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman gave cryptocurrency exchanges a two-week period to respond to an inquiry regarding its Virtual Market Integrity Initiative.  Schneirderman’s move, as covered by CCN, saw  Kraken CEO Jesse Powell use strong words  against the now-disgraced former AG, as he saw the inquiry as “insulting,” arguing it didn’t show “basic respect.”  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Texas Shuts Down ICO that Used Fake Jennifer Aniston Endorsement Twitter  The Texas State Securities Board has shut down an initial coin offering (ICO) that it claims used fake endorsements from Jennifer Aniston and other celebrities to fraudulently promote its token sale.  Filed on Wednesday, the  emergency cease-and-desist order  alleges that  — in addition to illegally peddling unregistered securities  — Wind Wide Coin used photographs of Aniston, Prince Charles, and former Finnish prime minister Matti Vanhanen to deceive investors.  Here’s a testimonial from “Kate Jennifer,” who bears more than a passing resemblance to Jennifer Aniston.  “I invested 4 BTC at Thursday and I received 8 BTC Friday. It’s great to have extra money for weekend shopping  — like they say, easy come, easy go. Thank you WindWideCoin.”  Source: Texas Securities Board  Joe Rotunda, director of enforcement at the Texas State Securities Board, told CCN in an emailed statement that the scheme was “strikingly familiar” to others that the state has shut down in recent months.  “Today’s action is a reminder that, step by step and case by case, we’ve been uncovering a virtual playbook of tactics employed by promoters of illegal and fraudulent cryptocurrency investment programs. Although their names may change and their products may vary, these promoters are employing surprisingly similar schemes. They are often promising lucrative returns from sophisticated investments tied to cryptocurrencies, and then manipulating photographs, media, testimonials and other online information to deceive the public into believing their claims.”  Indeed, falsely claiming a celebrity is associated with a project is a  common tactic  that fraudsters use to promote their schemes. Curiously, though, this is not the first time that a project has used celebrity likenesses  — but not their names  — to promote fraudulent ICOs.  As CCN  reported,  one token sale conducted an exit scam after people realized that it had listed A-list actor Ryan Gosling as its graphic designer, tipping them off to the fact that the remaining team members were fabricated, too.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   New York Grants Fifth-Ever BitLicense to Crypto Broker Genesis Global Trading Twitter  Cryptocurrency brokerage firm Genesis Global Trading has become the latest firm to receive a BitLicense from the state’s financial regulatory.  The New York-based Genesis on Thursday announced that the state’s Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) had approved its application, making it one of a handful of firms to receive a  BitLicense , which formally allows cryptocurrency businesses to operate in the state of New York.  The firm, which is also registered as a broker-dealer with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), operates an over-the-counter (OTC) cryptocurrency trading desk that serves institutional traders.  Previously, Genesis had operated under a “safe harbor” provision that allows BitLicense registrants to operate in the state while their NYDFS applications are pending.  “We are very pleased that DFS has approved the Genesis Global Trading BitLicense application, ” said Michael Moro, CEO of Genesis Global Trading.  “Although we have operated under a safe harbor provision in recent years, today ’s decision is an important step forward and reaffirms the robust compliance measures we have enacted as an established trading partner. ”  “New York continues to lead the nation in regulating the growing fintech industry,” said NYDFS superintendent Maria T. Vullo in a separate statement. “These approvals demonstrate DFS’s commitment to protecting consumers and the virtual currency market while encouraging innovation, such as the expanded use of blockchain, and providing strong regulatory oversight to new and exist ing market participants.”  Genesis becomes just the fifth firm to receive a BitLicense under New York’s  controversial cryptocurrency regulation framework , which was finalized in 2015 and forced most cryptocurrency exchanges and trading firms to exit the state in what became known as the “Great Bitcoin Exodus.”  Other BitLicense recipients include Coinbase, bitFlyer USA, Ripple subsidiary XRP II, and Circle Internet Financial. Gemini Trust Company and Paxos have received NYDFS charters but have not yet been granted BitLicense approval.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Ukraine Drafts Law to Legalize Cryptocurrencies, Fuels Debate In Crypto Community Twitter  Ukraine is drafting legislation to legalize cryptocurrencies and asked members of the crypto community to participate. And boy, did they.  Alexei Mushak, a member of the Ukrainian parliament, posted  a notice  on his Facebook page May 15. He said the Ukrainian government is preparing to legalize virtual currencies and asked for input from cryptocurrency experts.  “Below is the draft proposal for the general regulation of this market,  “Mushak wrote.  “These are the outcomes of many people ’s work and meetings. There ’s still a lot left to figure out. The final version will be ready in two weeks. Please comment and edit. Thoughts from market participants are particularly important. ”  ‘Free and Transparent Market ’  Mushak then posted a link to a  Google document  detailing the proposed law, whose goal is to establish rules for cryptocurrencies, to promote the use of blockchain technology, and the  “establishment of a free and transparent market ” in Ukraine.  “The document is aimed at the creation of a transparent cryptocurrency market in Ukraine, ” Mushak wrote.  “It is also proposed for stimulating the use of blockchain technology in social spheres, such as health care and education, as well as preventing unsubstantiated criminal prosecutions of cryptocurrency holders by the law enforcement agencies. ”  Alexei Mushak. (YouTube)  The document also states that the law ’s purpose is to prevent cryptocurrencies from being misused for  “money-laundering and terrorism financing, ” adding that such suspicions have caused  “unjustified prosecutions ” by government authorities.  Divided Opinion On Need For Regulation  The document was heavily edited by as many as 40 concerned crypto evangelists (see screenshot below).  While many users offered slight edits, such as  “add a space here, ” or  “delete this word, ” there were a number of emotional comments in the margins that suggest that members of Ukrainian crypto community are deeply divided on regulation.   Here ’s a sampling of comments, roughly translated by Google Translate:  “Guys, come on. What is the purpose of this law? Regulation? Why?! Now the main problem is that banks do not allow legal transactions with the sale of cryptos and tokens. ” “It is not necessary immediately to introduce the regulation of ICOs, because they are the source of the greatest distrust of society to cryptocurrencies because there is very widespread fraud in this area. It would be worthwhile to highlight ICOs separately. ” “Without law, it ’s a problem. The banking sector will respond to an asset that has a non-legal basis. Also, the second document goes to tax rules that are important to stimulate the industry. ” “The fact that a token asset will be considered a financial asset in any case is not correct and will cause unpleasant consequences. In fact, even the right to claim monetary obligation is a commodity, not a financial asset. ” “The best conditions for tokens now are to officially allow any transactions without restrictions or any licensing. Let the market develop calmly. ”  As CCN has reported, Ukraine has been seriously considering comprehensive crypto regulations since January 2018. “Given the rapid development of cryptocurrencies in the world, this issue cannot be left out of the state’s attention, ” according to a statement from Ukraine’s security council.  Regulators say a lack of government oversight of the crypto market poses a threat to Ukraine ’s economy and national security. In a surprise revelation, officials also said the nation is considering  launching its own  virtual currency.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Declining GPU Sales to Cryptocurrency Miners  ‘Healthy ’: AMD CEO Twitter  GPU manufacturers Nvidia and AMD each enjoyed massive sales over the past year, partially thanks to miners who buy GPUs to mine cryptocurrencies. However, those sales are now declining.  The demand for GPUs kept increasing as the value of cryptocurrencies went up throughout 2017. But after the market cap reached an all-time high of $830 Billion, the market crashed and is at half that now. The demand for mining has also cooled down as it is not as lucrative it was for a few months when cryptocurrency prices surged.  AMD reported revenue of $1.65 Billion for the first quarter of 2018 and claimed 10% of that was from GPU sales to miners. Nvidia, on the other hand,  reported revenue  of $3.21 billion, and $289 million (9% of their total revenue) was from sales to miners.  Though the companies have had massive sales in the cryptocurrency industry, they are not keen to expand on it. Both companies want their GPUs in the hands of consumers for gaming and research purposes rather than miners.  Jensen Huang, the CEO of Nvidia, said:  “The reason why they bought [GPU cards] is for gaming, but while they are not gaming; while they are at school, at work, or in bed — they will turn it on and do a little mining. There’s nothing wrong with that.”  Both AMD and Nvidia experienced noticeable growth due to last year ’s uptick in cryptocurrency mining, but each expects this sector to decline moving forward.  Both companies now expect their revenue from miners to fall in the coming months, but that ’s not necessarily because they believe the cryptocurrency market is flaming out.  Bitmain, the largest application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC) miner manufacturer  announced ASIC miners for Ethereum  last month. Ethereum is the most popular cryptocurrency mined on GPUs, and once the Antminer E3 is out, it might render the existing GPU miners useless.  But Bitmain was gaining ground even before it announced the Antminer E3. Last year, Nvidia posted profit of $3 Billion, which includes all their products like cloud computing and AI chips.  Bitmain posted an operating profit of nearly $4 billion  selling just ASIC miners.  AMD CEO Lisa Su is bullish on blockchain and does not think it is going to go away. She expects the mining-related demand for GPUs to drop by two-thirds in the second quarter. However, she is not worried about the drop in sales and called it  “healthy ” for the company.  Commenting on the crypto-related demand for GPUs, Lisa Su said:  “I do think the blockchain infrastructure is here to stay. I think there are numerous currencies. There are numerous applications that are using the blockchain technology. We don ’t see a significant risk of secondhand GPUs coming into the market. I think what you find is that, one, there are number of different currencies, and, two, a lot of these users that are buying GPUs these days are actually buying them for multiple use cases, both commercial and consumer.”  Both Nvidia  and AMD have  accepted the fact  that cryptocurrencies and blockchain are here to stay. Both companies have been embracing these new technologies, but they also aren’t concerned if the revenue from these sales drops in the near future.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Bears Beware! Bitcoin Price Will Reach Record Highs This Year: Fmr. JPMorgan Trader Twitter  The bitcoin price entered another bearish trend this week after failing to pierce $10,000 earlier in the month. The flagship cryptocurrency now sits more than 58 percent below the all-time high it set in December, but one former JPMorgan trader remains confident that it will trade above $20,000 before the year is out.  Danny Masters, who now serves as chairman of investment firm CoinShares, told  CNBC  that, despite last year’s parabolic run-up, the cryptocurrency is still largely bereft of the tools that institutional investors need to operate effectively in the nascent markets.  “We need to see this structure continue to build, ” Masters said of the cryptocurrency industry, adding:  “We need to see the custody solutions come and be provided. We need indices and we need performance measures where we can actually start to understand what we ’re talking about and measure our performance. ”  That’s been a common refrain from investment professionals who operate in institutional circles, and it wasn’t Masters’ only complaint.  “We need to do more mature work around the ICOs, so that post ICO we have a token life cycle, ” he continued.  “And just give investors more clarity, better expectations, more transparency. ”  “We ’re not even at the part yet where I ’d say institutional investors even started in commodities. Because these things — indexation, custody and so on — aren ’t there to bring in those bigger people just yet,” he said.  However, the industry  — which to date has largely been comprised of retail investors  — is gradually building out its institutional infrastructure.  As CCN  reported , retail brokerage giant Coinbase this week unveiled a robust line of institutional products, ranging from trading tools to custodial services. Meanwhile, Japanese holding company Nomura partnered with cryptocurrency wallet manufacturer Ledger to launch a cryptocurrency consortium that will develop products and services for institutions.  Other mainstream firms are  preparing  to dip their toes into the ecosystem as well. Goldman Sachs will offer its clients a type of bitcoin futures product, while Intercontinental Exchange (ICE)  — the owner of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)  — is holding  serious discussions  about opening a bitcoin exchange.  These developments, Masters predicted, will propel the bitcoin price to a new all-time high in 2018.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Thailand Tax Authority Waives 7% VAT on Individual Cryptocurrency Investors Twitter  Criticism over newly introduced legislation mandating taxes on cryptocurrency transactions has seen Thailand’s tax authority waive a value-added tax (VAT) on individual cryptocurrency adopters.  First drafted  in mid-March, a governmental decree to fast-tracked legislation that enforced taxes on cryptocurrency-related investments came into effect this week on Monday. In announcing the government’s proposed tax framework for cryptocurrencies – encompassing all retail trading and returns on investments – Thai finance minister Apisak Tantivorawong  previously revealed  investors will be required to pay 7% in VAT as well as a 15% capital gains tax on returns.  However, while addressing media during a press conference on Tuesday, Thailand Revenue Department’s director of legal affairs Saroch Thongpracum said the authority would issue a new regulation to wave the 7 % VAT on individual investors in order to reduce their tax burden, according to  The Nation .  Despite the tax relief, the official reminded that individuals will still be liable to pay a 15% capital gains tax, deemed ‘withholding tax’, on income earned in a transaction.  Curiously, the report also suggested that adopters will only see tax relief on transactions if they transact on cryptocurrency trading platforms approved by authorities.  An excerpt from the report read:  The Revenue Department will waive value-added tax for people trading in cryptocurrencies on exchange markets approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).  Further, the official added that the tax authority would ‘revise tax regulations’ for private firms trading cryptocurrencies. As things stand, both private companies and individual investors are subject to income tax on cryptocurrency transactions.  ICO Shakedown  The new law also mandates that private companies launching ICOs will be liable to pay corporate income tax on the finances raised from the fundraising. This is in stark contrast to private companies issuing initial public offerings of their shares wherein they are not subject to taxes.  The tax policy has seen accusations of bias against ICO-related fundraisings ahead of new SEC regulations related to fundraising via initial coin offerings, expected sometime next month.  Thailand is expected to issue ICO-related regulations in June.  SEC secretary-general Rapee Sucharitakul added that a ‘public hearing’ into the new regulations will be held on Monday in a consultation period that is expected to last two weeks before detailed regulations are established in June.  Rapee said:  “The new regulation aims to provide protection for general investors since only investors who have knowledge of ICO issuance or digital-asset transactions should be allowed to engaging in this kind of trading. ”  Further, a second degree dubbed the ‘digital asset law’ that establishes the SEC as the authority regulating cryptocurrency and ICO transactions mandates ICO portals, brokers and traders to ‘obtain licenses’ from the Finance Ministry, the report suggested.  “Investors have to trade or deposit their cryptrocurrencies with those who obtains the relevant licences from the SEC,” a Finance Ministry spokeswoman added.  Images from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   China Ranks Ethereum as the World’s Best Blockchain Network, Bitcoin at #13 Twitter  On May 17, China’s Ministry of Industry and Information Technology released its public blockchain ratings, ranking various blockchain projects like Ethereum in the global cryptocurrency sector based on three criteria: technology, application, and innovation.  Bitcoin at #13  As shown in the chart below, the Chinese government ranked Ethereum as the world’s best blockchain network at number 1. The top five included Ethereum, Steem, Lisk, NEO, and Komodo, all of which utilize smart contracts to efficiently and securely process information in a decentralized manner.   4/ Detailed scores of the first crypto ratings by CCID Research, China 's Ministry of Industry  & Information Technology  pic.twitter.com/7LiJIWokge  — cnLedger (@cnLedger)  May 17, 2018   The addition of Steem in the top five rankings of the Chinese government’s blockchain network was unexpected by the community because unlike Lisk and NEO, Steem is not a base layer blockchain technology that can be used to create decentralized applications. Steem is a content distribution platform based on the blockchain with a primary purpose of distributing content. Essential ly, Steem is like Reddit based on the decentralized blockchain.  Another surprising addition to its top 10 rankings was Monero at number 9, given that several governments including the Japanese government and its financial services agency (FSA) have expressed their concerns towards cryptocurrencies like Monero and Zcash that are capable of processing anonymous payments that could be associated with money laundering and criminal activities.  The cryptocurrency community was taken aback by the ranking of bitcoin at 13, which was co-ranked with privacy-focused cryptocurrency Verge. The bitcoin community was understandably outraged by the ranking of bitcoin at 13, considering that bitcoin has the longest track record as the most secure and dominant cryptocurrency in the global market.   The argument that bitcoin’s application is limited to a form of money and payment is illogical, as the Chinese government ranked Steem, which has a single application on its blockchain network that is a content distribution platform, as the 2nd best blockchain network behind Steem.  More importantly, bitcoin has one of the most active open source development communities in the global cryptocurrency sector and it has developed innovative technologies like Confidential Transactions (CT), Bulletproofs, and Lightning Network, which allows developers to enable private transactions, process micro-payments, and with solutions like RootStock, potentially allow bit coin to function as an Ethereum-like smart contracts platform.   Exceeded Expectations  The majority of the cryptocurrency community expected the Chinese government to rank private blockchain networks and protocols that can assist the government in surveillance or monitoring transactions at the top. Hence, the ranking of the government which placed cryptocurrencies like Ethereum and Monero demonstrate the intent of the government to remain objective in its assessm ent.  However, analysts have stated that the Chinese government has overlooked the long track record, hashrate, computing power, and accumulated difficulty of major blockchain networks like bitcoin and prioritized next-generation blockchain networks instead.  Earlier this month, South China Morning Post, a major publication based in Hong Kong, reported that China’s public blockchain rankings were developed by China Center for Information Industry Development (CIID), an institute that works closely with the government to advise on policymaking in technology.  The high ranking of Ethereum and smart contract blockchain networks could influence the government to potentially allow some blockchain networks to operate in China.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Regains $7 Billion as Augur and EOS Prices Jump Twitter  The cryptocurrency market has slightly rebounded by $7 billion over the last 24 hours, despite the struggles of bitcoin, ethereum, and other major cryptocurrencies in the global market.   Augur Deploys Smart Contracts On Ethereum Mainnet  Earlier today, on May 17, the Augur team announced that after years of development, the smart contracts of Augur will be live on the Ethereum mainnet on July 9, 2018. The official announcement of the Augur team led the market to react, allowing the price of REP, the native token of Augur, to surge by around 10 percent.  Due to the weak performance of bitcoin and Ethereum, most tokens and small cryptocurrencies in the market have not been able to record any major gains over the past week. In fact, most well performing tokens in early May including EOS, 0x (ZRX), and WanChain (WAN), fell by large margins over the last three days. As such, the 10 percent gain of REP during a highly volatile period like this week is noteworthy.  Augur was founded in 2014 by Joey Krug as a decentralized prediction platform. In a statement, Krug revealed that the original Augur smart contracts on Ethereum were written before solidity, the most widely utilized Ethereum programming language, was invented.  “We’ve shipped production vuln free code before on Ethereum like the original augur sale smart contract which handled 1M ETH. We’ve been writing contracts on Ethereum since before solidity was even a language,” said Krug.   He further emphasized that Augur is undoubtedly the complex project on the Ethereum network and is about 10 times more complicated than MakerDAO, which he noted is the second most complex project on Ethereum.  Krug stated that developing a solution to solve consensus on real-world events, which Augur users can place bets on, has been as difficult as solving proof-of-stake consensus algorithm due to scalability flaws.  “Solving consensus on real world events was initially a research problem, we thought some previous literature had solved it, but it turns out it really hadn’t and had severe scalability and inventive flaws the more we audited it. It’s imo about as difficult as solving PoS. Augur’s about 10x more complex than the second most complicated ethereum project, makerdao, which has about 10 contracts vs augur’s 100 [complexity isn’t a good thing, and the augur team has tried to make it as simple as possible, it’s just a really complicated endeavors,” Krug added.  State of the Market  In consideration of the complexity of Augur’s smart contracts, the deployment of Augur on the mainnet of Ethereum is a monumental milestone for both Augur and Ethereum. Hence, a major movement in the price of REP was expected by investors given the significance of the deployment of Augur smart contracts on the Ethereum mainnet.  However, the 10 percent increase in the price of REP has demonstrated the state of the market. Which has been on a continuous decline since early May. Even ICON, which secured a partnership with LINE, a Japanese messaging application with more than 200 million users, did not see any major movement in its price on May 16.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrencies  ‘Innovative ’ But  ‘Pose Challenges ’: Federal Reserve Governor Twitter  The Federal Reserve has been giving cryptocurrencies and their potential impact on the economy a great deal of thought lately.  Most recently, Fed Governor Lael Brainard provided a rare tilt of the Fed ’s hand on digital currencies, taking more time, offering more details than usual and demonstrating the resources that the agency has dedicated to understanding this market.  Speaking at a Fed conference in San Francisco, Brainard is  quoted in Reuters  as having said:  “Cryptocurrencies are strikingly innovative but also pose challenges associated with speculative dynamics, investor and consumer protections, and money-laundering risks. ”  Earlier this week, James Bullard, St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank President, showed up at the Consensus 2018 conference in New York. Policymakers may have been slow to engage with the cryptocurrency market, but as the market has ballooned they appear to be increasingly trying to get out in front of it as much as possible.  Risk vs. Reward  Source: Shutterstock  For the Fed, the risks clearly outweigh the rewards, the latter of which Brainard described as the blockchain being used to streamline payments, trillions of dollars in bank-to-bank transactions and limited payment applications.  The risks, which have been well-rehearsed, include the propensity for digital currencies, particularly those with more anonymous features, to be used in fraud given the lack of centralized control and the vulnerable position that consumers and investors alike can be placed in as a result. She also echoed the tone of other policymakers when she said that digital currencies, while  “problematic ”, aren ’t a big enough part of the global economy to risk destabilizing it.  Fedcoin  Brainard also nearly placed a nail in the coffin for the possibility of a  “ Fedcoin , ” something market participants were increasingly speculating about given signs like her peer Bullard ’s attendance at the blockchain conference.  But despite the fact that the Federal Reserve appears committed to keeping its pulse on the cryptocurrency market, Brainard nixed the idea of the agency joining it. There probably isn ’t any love lost between the cryptocurrency community, the technology for which is designed to bypass centralized authorities, and the Fed.  “There is no compelling demonstrated need for a Fed-issued digital currency, ” she said.  Former Fed Governor Kevin Warsh sees things differently. If he were a policymaker today, he would dedicate a team to exploring the benefits of a Fedcoin that would supplement, not  “supplant ” fiat money, according to  The New York Times .  Warsh could envision a Fedcoin that would usher in  “legal activities into a digital coin. ” Warsh ’s forward thinking, however, isn ’t evident in the current Fed regime.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Only Used for Money Laundering and Speculation: ‘Big Short’ Investor Twitter  Wall Street veteran Steve Eisman rose to fame by shorting the sub-prime mortgage market ahead of last decade’s financial crisis. Now, he’s similarly-bearish on a new asset class: cryptocurrency.  Eisman, whose career is chronicled in  The Big Short , told  CNBC  that he has yet to meet anyone who can persuasively argue that cryptocurrencies have social utility.  He said:  “I’m not an expert on cryptocurrency, but I have my doubts about it. My doubts center on the fact that, ‘What’s the social utility of cryptocurrency?’ I’m not talking about blockchain. The technology, I think, has real value. But currency markets are the most liquid, most efficient markets, probably of any markets that exist.”  While conceding that there are a few exceptions to this rule  —  Venezuela, for instance   — the Neuberger Berman portfolio manager argued that in developed countries the only use cases for cryptocurrency are speculative investing and money laundering.  “I think the social utility, at least in developed countries, is extremely small. The only thing I can really figure out the usage of it is that it’s good for speculation, and it’s good for money laundering.  The interview marked the second time in this week alone that Eisman had bashed bitcoin. As CCN  reported , he said at an industry convention in Hong Kong that he believes the asset class has no legitimate purpose and that he won ’t touch it.  Even so, Eisman reiterated that he has no plans to make bitcoin his next “big short,” both because he does not specialize in currency trading and because he does not believe it is possible to assign bitcoin a fair market value.  “It’s like arguing how many angels can dance on the head of a pin,” he said. “I have no idea how to value it, and I don’t think anybody else does either.”  Featured Image from YouTube  
DECREASE	   Enterprise Ethereum Alliance Launches Interoperable Platform For Enterprise Blockchains Twitter  In a noteworthy advancement, the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance ( EEA ) launched the much-awaited Enterprise Ethereum Client Specification (CS) 1.0  – an open-source, cross-platform blockchain system that guarantees and builds trust in smart contract-based frameworks.  Built For Enterprises  Published  on May 16 on  EEA ’s official website, the announcement detailed the framework ’s benefits, and drew attention to its capability of creating exceedingly efficient business models, while accelerating transactional speed.  Until this development, associations could only utilize a proprietary, privately-permissioned adaptation of the Enterprise framework.  The system is currently available on EEA ’s website for free download.  (Source  – EEA)  According to the announcement, the Client Specification (CS) 1.0 shall effectively replace incapable and costly multi-platform protocols, and allow participating associations from a range of business sectors  – such as banking, law, communications, and healthcare  – to create customized blockchain systems that fit their requirements.  Earlier on May 4, 2018, EEA announced the launch of its Architecture Stack software, which intends to streamline and improve Ethereum-based applications. Interestingly, the CS 1.0 is built on this Architecture Stack and seemingly serves as a proof-of-concept for the latter.  As per a  report  by Gartner, blockchain technology is primed to surpass a mammoth $3.1 trillion in market value by 2030, and Ethereum looks poised to dominate a lot of this market with real-world developments, such as the CS 1.0.  As indicated by Ron Resnick, EEA ’s Executive Director:  This EEA open-source, cross-platform framework will enable the mass adoption at a depth and breadth otherwise unachievable in individual corporate silos. With over 500 organizations as members, we anticipate great things in 2018 as EEA members work with the global development community to build, test and certify solutions to grow the ecosystem.  Additionally, Resnick informs that the CS 1.0 was the result of 18 months of   “intense collaboration  between leading enterprise, technology and platform members within our technical committee.”  Features of EEA CS 1.0  The Cs 1.0 enables Ethereum developers to build frameworks which guarantee interoperability, making the system lucrative to an expansive number of enterprises. As stated on the site:  The EEA Specification provides insight into the future of scalability, privacy, and security – a single, interoperable, development framework for spanning both permissioned and public Ethereum networks.  To guarantee interoperability across members, the EEA is considering the release of a TestNet in the future.  The EEA sees the newly-released client specifications enabling interoperability among enterprises using the Ethereum blockchain.  For now, EEA ’s members-only Certification Program has been established to ensure conformity and interoperability of member-networks to established standards.  The launch has been met warmly, with a number of partner enterprises praising the framework. Amongst them was Intel ’s Rick Echevarria, who said:  “Intel is committed to enabling blockchain adoption and, as a founding member, is pleased to see the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance release this specification, addressing privacy and security among other requirements. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Major Milestone: Steem Blockchain Hits 1 Million Accounts Twitter  Steem, a blockchain rewards platform that allows content publishers to monetize their work, announced today that the project has reached one million registered accounts. An  update  from the official Steemit blog confirms the one millionth registration on the blockchain, and shows even more impressive stats on transactions, user activity, and unique visitors.  Steem is exploding in popularity. Not only is the steemit.com blogging and social media platform drawing large numbers of visitors, but also other DApps (decentralized applications) that use the Steem blockchain, such as dtube, busy, and dlive.  Steem ’s History  As CCN  reported  in 2016, Steemit is a social media platform that encourages quality content production and discussions with a voting system. Votes translate to Steem and Steem Dollars (SBD) tokens, which can be exchanged for real money or other digital assets. The Steemit platform acts as an alternate way to earn income for content publishers who usually have to rely on obtrusive ads or paywa lls. Steem also  says  that helps publishers who are frustrated with:  Tips and donations are not viable due to the expense of processing micro-payments Huge social networks like Facebook take profits from publishers but don ’t share revenue  However, the project has long-standing struggles with bots and malicious players who try to game the voting system, as the popular user @kevinwong  writes . Still, the numbers do speak for themselves, as Steemit had only 2,000 active users in 2016. Also, according to the project ’s  website , it has so far paid out $40,154,371 USD in rewards since June 2016.  Blockchain publishing platform Steem recently registered its one-millionth account.  Sticking to a Core Mission  As the blockchain industry has grown, many projects have taken  criticism  for lacking direction, solving problems that don ’t need solving or  that are already solved by other solutions.  Steem ’s core mission for rewarding publishers with an open blockchain has stayed consistent, however, which is a component of its success. It has attracted developers ’ interest with the technologies open, interoperable architecture, and solid  documentation . This has led to an explosion in content-based DApps that interact with the blockchain, often in unique, first-of-its kind ways. When the content publishing industry is low on ideas for monetizing content and has drawn flak from consumers, Steem offers an interesting take.  Ned Scott re-affirmed these ideals recently in a  panel  at the Consensus 2018 conference.  “For me it ’s all about building networks and empowering people, ” he said. In the panel, he goes into depth about the ways Steem cryptocurrency builds on the ideas of showing users ’ influence that were already established by platforms like Reddit and Digg.  Images from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   Electronics Giant Foxconn Leads $7 Million Series A in Blockchain Identity Startup Twitter  Digital identity startup Cambridge Blockchain has closed as $7 million Series A round of financing led by Taiwanese manufacturing giant Foxconn’s investment arm.  Announced  Tuesday, the $7 million financing round also included previous investors Partech and Digital Currency Group, who injected new capital and converted the startup’s outstanding debt in exchange for equity. Partech general partner Romain Lavault specifically highlighted the startup’s enterprise data management software finding its first customers in the European market that will b e fall under the norms of the upcoming General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).  “Our platform allows financial institutions to meet the strictest new data privacy rules, eliminate redundant identity compliance checks and improve the customer experience, ” the startup claims on its website.  Notably, the startup confirmed that Foxconn, one of the world’s largest smartphone manufacturers, is  “now exploring deployments ” of its blockchain software to enhance its global supply chain operations and IoT device management.  HCM Capital founding managing partner Jack Lee said of Foxconn’s investment:  “[D]igital identity is a critical building block to achieve value through decentralized information transfers. ”  The financing is the latest investment of the Foxconn arm in funding blockchain startups since 2016 when “we saw the potential of distributed ledger technology with enterprise use cases including Industrial Internet, IoT-enabled manufacturing, supply chain provenance, trade finance, and payments,” explained Lee.  The Foxconn unit is notably invested in the  $250 million financing of Galaxy Digital , a crypto merchant bank venture founded former Wall Street hedge fund mogul turned cryptocurrency bull Mike Novogratz .  “Foxconn’s HCM brings a compelling strategic view of blockchain and digital identity,” added Cambridge Blockchain CEO Matthew Commons.  Foxconn rival Samsung is also turning to blockchain technology to manage and  keep track of its massive global supply chain  after estimating a blockchain platform could slash shipping costs by up to 20 percent while improving overall efficiency. The Korean firm has also begun  manufacturing  application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC) chips used to produce bitcoin miners.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Australia’s Financial Watchdog Cracks Down on ‘Misleading or Deceptive’ ICOs Twitter  Australia’s financial regulator and watchdog is turning up its scrutiny on fraudulent practices in the initial coin offering (ICO) space.  The Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) has forced “some” ICO issuers to modify or halt their coin offerings altogether after the regulator sent inquires scrutinizing their marketing practices, the ASIC said in a  statement  on Tuesday. The regulator did not disclose the details of the coin offerings under scrutiny.  “ASIC is issuing inquiries to ICO issuers and their advisers where we identify conduct or statements that may be misleading or deceptive,” the regulator revealed. “As a result of our inquiries, some issuers have halted their ICO or have indicated the ICO structure will be modified.”  Furthermore, the ASIC also confirmed it had sent out inquiries to operators suspected of ‘potentially unlicensed conduct’.  Without naming the operator or the ICO, the ASIC pointed to one case as an example wherein it ‘identified fundamental concerns with the structure of an ICO, the status of the offeror and the disclosure of its whitepaper.’ The regulator determined that the ICO offering was an ‘unregulated managed investment scheme’ that was in breach of laws, in addition to ‘potentially misleadi ng statements’ from its whitepaper. The ASIC halted the offering before it took off.  ASIC commissioner John Price said in statements:  If you are acting with someone else’s money, or selling something to someone, you have obligations. Regardless of the structure of the ICO, there is one law that will always apply: you cannot make misleading or deceptive statements about the product. This is going to be a key focus for us as this sector develops.  The developments come after the ASIC confirmed it would  update guidelines  on its information sheet focusing on ICOs and cryptocurrencies last month. Stamping out deceptive practices is, in particular, “going to be a key focus for us going forward” Price said in April.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   British Cryptocurrency Exchanges Call on MPs to Enforce Regulation Twitter  CryptoUK, a self-regulated trade group dedicated to the cryptocurrency industry, has requested regulatory oversight for the digital currency market in the region.  The trade group, in a written response to the  Treasury Committee ’s inquiry  into cryptocurrencies, has offered detailed proposals and is calling on MPs to place the digital currencies under the jurisdiction of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).  CryptoUK, which counts among its member firms exchanges like Coinbase, eToro and Coinfloor, among others, introduced proposals for how a regulated UK cryptocurrency market could look and asked a group of MPs to support its ideas.  Among the suggestions is a  “Crypto-License ” that would be assigned to AML- and KYC-compliant cryptocurrency exchanges, brokers and other trading platforms that support both fiat- and digital-currency-fueled transactions. Licensed exchanges could open the floodgates for liquidity as it could provide the final push to institutional investors that have been on the sidelines.  “Introducing a requirement for the FCA to regulate the ramps between crypto and fiat currencies is well within the remit of HM Treasury and it would have a huge impact in both reducing consumer risk and improving industry standards, ”  according to  Iqbal V Gandham, CryptoUK ’s Chair and also  eToro ’s UK Managing Director .  Further, the trade group ’s advice is to keep regulation within the parameters of these intermediaries rather than focus on the digital currencies themselves. The HM Treasury, CryptoUK says, could rely on peer-to-peer policy already in place to cover cryptocurrency investments under the financial regulator ’s purview. CryptoUK pointed to the approach taken by lawmakers in Japan and Gibraltar as examples of how to proceed.  “This is a wonderful opportunity for government to take a proactive stance, putting action where there are positive words and reinforcing the UK’s role as the world’s financial capital. We hope that the Treasury Select Committee considers these and adopts the ideas when it puts forward its own recommendations to the Treasury, ”  said Gandham .  Shaping the Discussion  CryptoUK believes that no matter how widespread cryptocurrency investing becomes in the region, the UK can ’t reach its potential as a global market without the proper regulation. The trade organization lauded the Treasury Committee ’s inquiry to examine the impact of digital currencies on the economy, which is currently underway, but wants to help shape the discussion.  CryptoUK isn ’t the first entity to ask for regulation.  Coinfloor, a UK-based bitcoin trading platform that was launched in 2013, approached the FCA in hopes of gaining regulatory oversight from the financial watchdog. But the exchange was rebuffed by the agency and has since expanded to Gibraltar  in hopes of  becoming a licensed exchange there where regulation is advancing more quickly.  CryptoUK didn ’t respond to a request for comment at press time. The trade group ’s request for regulation came in the lead-up to today ’s UK Parliament hearing on cryptocurrencies. Stay tuned to CCN for coverage of the hearing.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Here ’s How Ripple Faced Up to Questioning at a UK Parliament Blockchain Hearing Twitter  A  UK government hearing  was held yesterday aimed to inform regulators about the nature of blockchain and cryptocurrencies.  Four panelists sat in front of the UK treasury committee, but it was Ripple ’s Director of Regulatory Relations Ryan Zagone who took the most of the spotlight  – and the accompanying heat.  The committee and other panelists had a lot of questions and statements to make about Ripple as a company and the work being done with banks to create a cross-border payment solution. When asked how Ripple was making use of blockchain, Mr. Zagone stated the following:  “We focus on cross-border payments where to date privacy was a painful process.  Cross-border payment would take two days, you wouldn’t be able to track the payment and you wouldn’t know the fees upfront. So, it wasn’t until two days you’d find out how much was taken out as a fee. [ …]   “You could literally mail a box of cash and have better tracking and certainty than you would sending it through a bank. We recognized a key pain point in cross border payments that was limiting consumer’s use if they were sending it back home and it was also becoming a key limit to economic growth. ”  Zagone clarified the last statement by pointing out that smaller businesses had difficulty keeping up with the complex 4-day payment cycle, and instead of expanding internationally focused on their domestic efforts instead due to the difficulty of making cross-border payments. He describes Ripple ’s first products as solutions to this problem, allowing banks to do real-time payments that take four seconds instead of four days and including real-time tracking with the fee outlined up front, seemingly a vast improvement over the current system.  The XRP Connection  The second product is described as a  “bridge between existing currencies ”. Zagone outlines a scenario in which someone is attempting to trade Mexican peso for Korean yen, a trade with low liquidity. The peso amount is briefly converted into XRP and then instantly transferred into Korean yen. Zagone was questioned about potential catastrophe due to volatility and replied that the conversion would only be exposed to volatility for a few seconds.  A committee member asked Zagone if Bitcoin was  “more Android and what you ’re doing is more Apple ”, which understandably seemed to take him by surprise. He recovered and stated that XRP was an open source technology being used by Ripple, the company, which came to be after XRP was created. He stated that the Ripple company could  “go away ” and that XRP would continue on without them.  Asked about the use cases of blockchain in the financial services industry, Zagone had this to say:  “Our early models have found banks are saving about 60% on the cost of a payment by using our tech so it’s a material reduction that starts to open the market to new types of payments like very small payments, lower cost, more efficiency. ”  He also pointed out that blockchain had a use case in areas outside of Ripple ’s field of expertise, such as s ecurities trading, trade finance, digital identity.  That seemed to satisfy certain committee members, but not fellow panelist Martin Walker, the Director for Evidence-Based Management and former banking professional who stated that blockchain was a fad had  “little to nothing ” to offer the world of traditional finance.  Walker had a particular bone to pick with Ripple:  “Simply having a blockchain doesn’t actually get people to update the status of where a payment is. ”  Mr. Walker pointed out that XRP has had price volatility of 80% in two months, citing volatility and lack of liquidity as a major issue.   “Putting cryptocurrencies into the financial sector is a huge source of risk. What happens if the liqidity dries up? We saw in the financial crisis that even dollar liquidity can dry up”.  He went on to state that Ripple was prosecuted under anti-money laundering laws in 2014, a statement corrected by Zagone who said that a subsidiary failed to comply with regulations, resulting in a $700,000 fine for Ripple. Walker acknowledged this correction and stated that Ripple was legally prohibited from selling XRP to the public  –  “but now there are exchanges ”.  According to Walker, 60 billion of the 100 billion supply of XRP are owned by Ripple,  with the founders owning the majority of the remainder, suggesting that Ripple can and do manipulate the price of XRP despite the fact that they do not officially own or control it. Zagone pointed out that Ripple is licensed in the state of New York to trade XRP to exchanges, ending what was a thorough and unflinching hearing that will be sure to affect the UK stance on cryptoc urrency and blockchain regulation in the future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘Buy the Pullback ’ in Bitcoin, Ethereum: Fundstrat ’s Sluymer Twitter  Leading cryptocurrencies are all trading in the green today, as Ethereum takes the recent development of a possible regulatory crackdown in stride. After falling from the $1,000 level to as low as $300 this year, Ethereum has been on the comeback trail.  That momentum could have been marginalized by reports that US regulators are considering classifying the No. 2 digital currency by market cap as a security, similar to how they view the tokens that enter the market through initial coin offerings (ICOs). Meanwhile, just last week US Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Jay Clayton basically put the kibosh on the notion th at bitcoin could be a security.  But Ethereum has emerged largely unscathed by those reports, and its return to near the $700 level is a good technical indicator, according to Fundstrat Global Advisors ’ Robert Sluymer on  CNBC . Any selling in Ethereum was likely a function of the digital currency being overbought, similar to bitcoin over the past week or so. With bitcoin, he points to a  “tremendous amount of support between $8,200 and $8,400. ” He adds that  “the downtrend that was in place since January is now reversing. ”  Source: CNBC  “The question is,  ‘are we seeing a bigger bubble? Or is this a bottoming phase? ’ And we think this is a bottoming phase that ’s taking hold and that you want to buy the pullback from the short-term overbought, ” said Sluymer.  Sluymer reflected back on bitcoin ’s plight that included a 70% decline in price from 2017 ’s high, which pressured other cryptocurrencies as well. All of that is in the rear-view mirror now as things are looking up from a technical perspective.  “It was a combination of regulation concerns, taxes, a break in price  — all of that came together in the perfect storm, ” he said, pointing to the  “bottom in February ” that was retested in March and again last month.  “It looks like a low to me, ” Sluymer said.  Not the Nasdaq  Meanwhile, Sluymer dispelled the myth that any bubble that had formed in the bitcoin price and subsequent downtrend from the first quarter was not akin to the dot-com bubble at the turn of the century. For one, bitcoin came on the scene less than a decade ago, and therefore can ’t really be compared to an index like the Nasdaq that has been trading for  more than 40 years .  Secondly, the amount of institutional capital that has poured into the Nasdaq cannot be compared to that coming into bitcoin either. Institutional investors remain largely sidelined on cryptocurrencies until a formal regulatory framework takes shape, a move that could even bring Nasdaq to  enable cryptocurrency trading as an exchange .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Telegram Cancels Public ICO After Raising $1.7 Billion in Presale Twitter  Encrypted messaging app Telegram has decided against holding a public initial coin offering (ICO) to fund the development of its “third-generation blockchain.”  Citing sources familiar with the matter, the  Wall Street Journal  reports that the Pavel Durov-led firm determined that it is pleased with the $1.7 billion it had raised for the Telegram Open Network (TON) and prefers not to undergo the operational and regulatory hassles of opening the offering to the general public.  Telegram has been  notoriously opaque  about its token sale, with even prospective investors complaining about an inability to convince the company to provide them with concrete details about the offering.  Nevertheless, documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) reveal that the company held two funding rounds between January and March and that each raised $850 million.  Fewer than 200 investors contributed to the token sale, which was restricted to institutional investors and high net worth individuals who have undergone accreditation.  The token sale has been conducted under Rule 506(c) of Securities Act Regulation D, which stipulates that companies can sell unregistered securities if they restrict the sale to accredited investors, report the funding round to the SEC, and subject investors to a predefined vesting period.  Initial reports indicated that firm may have hoped to  raise as much as $5 billion  through a private presale and a public ICO. However, one source told the publication that the regulatory winds have shifted since it first began planning the sale. Indeed, the SEC has  stepped up its enforcement  of ICOs in recent months, and it alleges that most of these token sales are unregistered securities offerings operating in violation of federal law.  Earlier this week, Iran’s government  issued an order  prohibiting its citizens from using Telegram ’s messaging platform. The ban was likely primarily connected to its usage among organizers of recent protests in the country, but the company’s plans to launch its own cryptocurrency appear to have played a role as well.  As CCN  reported , at least one high-ranking Iranian official had warned that the new company’s new cryptocurrency could enable residents to evade capital controls and funnel $50 billion out of the country annually.  Featured Image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Korean Peace Agreement Recorded on Ethereum Blockchain Twitter  Last week’s meeting between South Korean president Moon Jae-in and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has been recorded on the ethereum blockchain, where the historic Panmunjom Declaration that the two nations signed will now be stored in perpetuity.  No, the governments themselves did not encode their peace agreement into the “world’s largest supercomputer,” but  CoinDesk Korea  reports that 27-year-old South Korean game developer Ryu Gi-hyeok published the Panmunjom Declaration on the ethereum blockchain in both  Korean  and  English .  “Although I was not interested in politics, I was overwhelmed by watching the summit. I just thought it was too long for the South and the North to give each other one step and listen to each other,” Ryu told the publication, according to a rough translation. “After finding out what I could do as a developer, I found the Panmunjom Declaration from the Blue House homepage and re corded it on the Ethereum blockchain.”  “The Panmunjom Declaration, written in Ethereum block 551,7596, will not go away unless Ethereum is gone, ” he added.  “I wanted to keep the world record of North and South Korea in the world of Crypto.”  Many cryptocurrencies allow users to store data on the blockchain, though some  — such as bitcoin  — place tight constraints on how much data can be included in a single transaction.  In Ryu’s case, he was able to store each version of the peace agreement in a single Ethereum transaction by writing it to the input field of each individual transaction. He collectively paid about $10 in gas fees to store the data on the blockchain.  Last month, US brokerage firm TD Ameritrade used a series of  68 transactions  to code an advertisement into the bitcoin blockchain, becoming the first public company to do so.  Recently, a group of academic researchers sparked a series of inflammatory headlines by releasing a report claiming that child pornography had been written onto the bitcoin blockchain, though the  truth of the matter  was far less sensational.  Featured image from Flickr/ Republic of Korea .  
DECREASE	   Ethereum Price Will Reach $1,500 This Year: Reddit Co-founder Twitter  Update May 3: Alexis Ohanian revised his $15,000 ethereum price forecast, telling Fortune that he misspoke and meant to say that ETH would reach $1,500 in 2018. Below is the article as it was originally published.  Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian said that he predicts the ethereum price will reach $15,000 in 2018, rocketing its market cap into the trillions of dollars and enabling it to surpass bitcoin as the world’s largest cryptocurrency.  Ohanian, who now works full-time at Initialized Capital  –a venture capital firm he co-founded in 2012  — made this bullish  ethereum price  prediction during an interview with  Fortune , explaining that he believes this project has more long-term potential than any other currently-existent cryptocurrency.  “I still hold a little bit of Bitcoin, and I think it has such mindshare that it will continue to be a store of value. I’m most bullish about Ethereum simply because people are actually building on it,” he said, predicting later that “ At the end of the year, Bitcoin will be at $20,000. And Ethereum will be at $15,000.”  “Great, now people can call me out if I’m wrong,” he added.  Under this forecast, ethereum would roar to a $1.5 trillion market cap  — up from $67 billion  — in just seven short months, while bitcoin would recover back to the all-time high it set last December, bringing its market cap to approximately $340 billion.  Elsewhere in the interview, Ohanian said that Initialized  — which has already invested in cryptocurrency industry giant  Coinbase   — has determined to make blockchain-related investments a particular focus of its efforts in 2018 and that it believes the technology will lay the foundation for a  “new Internet. ”  “Last year, it was all about AI and machine learning, This year, it’s all about blockchain. Most of it is just hype and BS, just like how it was with AI and ML,” he said. “Most of the really vital, protocol-level, basic infrastructure around software and blockchain will need to get built in the next year or two for us to really see the Web 3.0 we’re really hoping for.”  “These are the types of things I think will build the foundation for a very different, much better Internet,” he concluded. “I was a kid in the 90s without much leverage when the first Internet was being built, so I see this as a hell of an opportunity. We’re still figuring it out. We still don’t have a Netscape, but it’s coming.”  Featured Image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   US Judge Rejects Alibaba Infringement Motion to Block  ‘Alibabacoin ’ Cryptocurrency Twitter  A U.S. federal judge rejected Alibaba Group Holdings Ltd. ’s move to block Dubai cryptocurrency firm Alibabacoin Foundation from using the Alibaba name for its Alibabacoin virtual currency.  In his  ruling , Judge Paul Oetken of the Southern District of New York (i.e., Manhattan) denied Alibaba ’s motion on jurisdictional grounds, saying it failed to show that the use of the Alibabacoin name would hurt its business prospects in New York or would infringe its trademarks in New York.  Surprisingly, the judge said it didn ’t matter that Alibabacoin might eventually be listed on a New York exchange.  Judge: No Infringement In New York  Judge Oetken said any damage to Alibaba ’s business or reputation from the allegedly infringing use of the Alibaba name occurs in China, not in New York. A U.S. federal judge has no jurisdiction on legal issues that occur in a foreign country.  Alibabacoin contends that  China ’s ban  on initial coin offerings eliminates any possibility that consumers in China will be confused into thinking the Alibabacoin is associated with Alibaba Group.  In a statement on May 1, 2018, Alibabacoin said the judge made the right decision, tweeting:  “We firmly believe that Alibabacoin Foundation never acted illegally. Fair and square speaking, we strongly believe and trust the judge ’s decision above all else. ”   We firmly believe that Alibabacoin Foundation never acted illegally. Fair and square speaking, we strongly believe and trust the judge decision above all else. As always, from the bottom of our hearts, thank you for the support and continue patronizing Alibabacoin Foundation.  pic.twitter.com/8skk7FTWt6  — ABBC Foundation (@abbcfoundation)  May 1, 2018   Alibaba Group had sued Alibabacoin Foundation in April 2018, claiming the foundation was unlawfully piggybacking off its name to promote its cryptocurrency.  Alibabacoin: Alibaba Can ’t Monopolize Name  Alibabacoin Foundation (also known as ABBC) responded by filing a motion to dismiss the lawsuit, saying Alibaba Group cannot monopolize the  “magical ” Alibaba name,  Reuters  reported.  “The legend of Alibaba conjures up thoughts of magic, gold coins, and ‘Open Sesame,’” the Alibabacoin Foundation argued. “The ABBC entities are well within their rights to use a word connoting magic and golden coins in an area (Alibaba) has not used or, at the very least, has abandoned.”  Interestingly, Alibaba Group ’s CEO Jack Ma  is a bitcoin skeptic  who has expressed concerns over its opaqueness and potential for use in  money-laundering , as CCN has reported.  “Bitcoin is not for me,” Ma said. “We are not focused on bitcoin. We are focused on a cashless society for China…trying to make sure the society is more efficient, more transparent, with no corruption. ”   Despite his bearishness about bitcoin, Jack Ma is bullish on blockchain. Lynx International, a subsidiary of Alibaba, has successfully  integrated blockchain  into its cross-border logistics operations.  And it ’s likely that Alibaba Group will continue to incorporate blockchain technology into its vast business empire, whose 2017 revenue topped $22 billion.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘Hacked ’ Crypto Exchange BitGrail Shuts Down 3 Hours After Re-launch Twitter  Italian cryptocurrency exchange BitGrail has once again suspended operations after briefly re-opening most of its trading markets on Tuesday.  The exchange, which has been immersed in controversy since  17 million Nano tokens  (XRB)  — now worth approximately $140 million  — went missing in February, re-opened trading for all coins except XRB at 10:00 UTC.  By 13:20, the platform had once again been shut down  — this time allegedly in response to a court order.  “This morning, following the re-opening, we were notified of a deed by the court of Florence requesting the immediate closure of BitGrail and this situation will persist until a decision is made by the courts, about the precautionary suspension request made by the Bonelli law office on behalf of a client,” BitGrail wrote in a statement. “The decision is scheduled for May 16 201 8.”  The  statement  indicated that the request originated with BonneliErede, an Italian legal firm that last week  filed a petition  on behalf of a BitGrail creditor seeking to force the company into bankruptcy.  BitGrail owner Francesco “The Bomber” Firano maintains that the “unauthorized transactions” that removed the tokens from the exchange occurred due to a fault in the Nano protocol, but developers  — who once had a close working relationship with Firano  — claim that the exchange had been insolvent long before the hack but that the exchange had concealed this fact as long as possible.  “To date, all reliable evidence we have reviewed continues to point to a bug in BitGrail’s exchange software as the reason for the loss of funds,” the Nano Foundation wrote in an April update.  The Nano Foundation has  sponsored a legal fund  for BitGrail victims and has committed to match up to $1 million in donations to the fund.  Meanwhile, Firano has  decried  attempts to force the company into bankruptcy, arguing that it will lead to the “worst possible outcome for everyone involved” and ultimately won’t help victims recover their lost funds.  Previously, an alleged victim filed a  class action lawsuit  against Nano itself, seeking to force developers to adopt a “rescue fork” to recover the lost funds.  Featured Image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘Extremely Comfortable’ That Ether is Not a Security: Ethereum Co-Founder Twitter  US financial regulators are reportedly set to meet next week to discuss whether ether should be regulated as a security under federal law, but Ethereum co-founder Joseph Lubin is not concerned.  Lubin, who now runs blockchain development studio  ConsenSys , told financial publication TheStreet that he is “extremely comfortable” with the legal due diligence Ethereum’s founders conducted at the project’s outset to ensure it remained in compliance with applicable regulations.  “We spent a tremendous amount of time with lawyers in the US and in other countries, and are extremely comfortable that it is not a security; it never was a security, ” said Lubin,  “we are absolutely unconcerned about the current discussions.”  “I think we already have a regulatory scheme; securities laws in this country govern securities. If you fail the Howey test, you ’re not a security, ” Lubin added, referencing the framework commonly used to determine whether an asset is a security.  As CCN  reported , officials from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) are examining whether a number of cryptocurrencies should be classified as securities, even if they were not initially distributed through the initial coin offerings (ICOs) that have generally been the subject of recent SEC probes. A meeting on the topic is scheduled to  take place on May 7.  Regulators will reportedly assess whether Ethereum’s creators retain significant influence over  ether’s price movements , which people familiar with the matter said would be analogous to a company’s managers having influence on the firm’s stock price.  They will also consider whether ether, currently the second-largest cryptocurrency by market cap, is sufficiently used for its stated purpose  — to run applications on the network  — or is essentially a speculative asset purchased in the hope that its value will grow in the future.  Lubin said that  — despite  claims  from former CFTC Chairman Gary Gensler  — he believes regulators will determine that ether is not a security.  “This is a way of accessing a shared computer resource, so I ’m not sure Ether needs to be regulated in any way, ” Lubin said. “We are comfortable that many regulators that matter understand what Ethereum is. ”  Featured Image from YouTube.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Regains $9,000 and Loom Spikes 45% as ERC20 Tokens Help $426 Billion Market Twitter  Bitcoin has remained in the $9,100 region throughout May 2 and has not recorded any major movement on the upside and downside. A strong performance by ERC20 tokens based on the Ethereum network such as EOS, Loom, Stratis, and WanChain led cryptocurrency market valuation to increase by $13 billion.  Tokens Continue to Perform Well  Over the past two weeks, since mid-April, tokens have continued to record strong gains against both bitcoin and the US dollar. Over the past 24 hours, Loom, Stratis, EOS, and WanCoin have demonstrated solid gains in the 5 percent to 45 percent range, leading the cryptocurrency market to add an additional $13 billion to its valuation. At the time of reporting, the valuation of t he market remains at $426 billion.  Loom recorded a staggering 45 percent increase in value overnight, primarily because of the integration of LOOM by Binance, the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange. Loom is a blockchain platform based on Ethereum which supports the deployment of large-scale games and social media platforms in the form of decentralized applications.  The Loom development team has branded the Loom blockchain network as a protocol that can handle big transaction volumes resulted from outgoing transactions of large-scale decentralized applications. Coinbase co-founder Fred Ehrsam previously explained that in order for Ethereum to support decentralized applications to support decentralized applications with millions of active u sers, its scalability will need to improve by a factor of 100-fold.  “These are hard computer science and game theory problems. Most of them have never been solved before. Estimating completion can be hard and can be far off. Large apps can’t run solely on chain and likely never will. They need off-chain scaling solutions. While it’s tricky to make accurate estimates when combining scaling improvements, it’s conceivable we could see a 100x impro vement by the end of 2018, which would allow a 1  – 10 million user app,”  wrote Ehrsam.  For Loom to deliver on its mission to enable Twitter-like apps on the blockchain, it will have to demonstrate a 100-fold improvement from Ethereum in terms of scalability and flexibility. So far, apps like code-sharing site EthFiddle, Ethereum decentralized application coding platform CryptoZombies, and token-earning platform DelegateCall are based on Loom.  In the short-term, it is unlikely that Loom maintains its momentum at the current level, as it experienced a massive increase in value due to the listing of Binance. Often, after a Binance listing, the price of tokens tend to fall by large margins, as seen in the case of Golem and Storm.  Bitcoin Trend  After testing the $9,800 support level last week, bitcoin has struggled to rebound beyond the $9,500 mark. If the volumes on major cryptocurrency exchanges can remain intact, it is possible for bitcoin enter the $10,000 region, especially if the dominant cryptocurrency can secure stability in the $9,500 region.   The Relative Strength Index (RSI) and Williams’ Percent Range (WPR) of bitcoin currently signal a neutral zone, placing bitcoin in an ideal position to record gains in the short-term.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Barclays CEO Rules Out Cryptocurrency Trading Desk, For Now Twitter  British banking giant Barclays isn’t immediately launching a dedicated cryptocurrency trading desk, CEO Jes Staley confirmed, while admitting to looking into cryptocurrency-related business opportunities.  The Barclays executive made the revelation in response to a question during the bank’s annual general meeting with shareholders on Tuesday, according to London-based publication  Financial News .  Staley refuted recent rumors of ‘preliminary discussions’ wherein the bank was said to be gauging client interest in setting up a cryptocurrency trading desk of its own. As  reported  in mid-April, a Barclays spokesman said the bank ‘constantly monitor[s] developments in the digital currency space and will continue to have a dialog with our clients on their needs and intentions in this market.’  The spokesman did state that the bank currently does not have any plans to open an exclusive crypto trading desk, a stance that has now been confirmed by Barclays’ chief executive despite admitting that Barclays was helping clients to settle bitcoin futures trading elsewhere.  In elaborating his response during yesterday’s AGM, Barclays CEO Staley added:  Cryptocurrency is a real challenge for us because, on the one hand, there is the innovative side of it wanting to stay in the forefront of technology’s improvement in finance. On the other side of it, there is the possibility of cryptocurrencies being used for activities that the bank wants to have no part of.  Notably, Staley did confirm the bank’s foray into looking into cryptocurrency-related business opportunities whilst being wary of regulatory and compliance concerns.  Other traditional financial giants like investment bank  Goldman Sachs  are also rumored to be planning a trading desk offering cryptocurrencies for clients. In a televised appearance on CNBC last week, Nasdaq chief executive Adena Friedman  revealed  the world’s second-largest stock exchange would ‘consider becoming a cryptocurrency exchange, over time’ in a regulated market.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘We Need to Respect This Generation’s Interest’ in Bitcoin: CFTC Chairman Twitter  The chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) said this week that cryptocurrency is a generational interest and that regulators need to treat it with respect.  J. Christopher Giancarlo, who was sworn in as a CFTC commissioner in 2014 and has led the commission since August 2017, shared his thoughts on cryptocurrency regulation at the Milken Institute Global Conference, which took place this week in Los Angeles.  “We need to take a moment and respect this generation’s interest in this new instrument (bitcoin),” he said, according to a  Reuters  report. “Not with derision, but with a little bit of attention and respect and respond with policy initiatives that really are thoughtful and forward looking.”  Giancarlo  — who  says he will retire  after his five-year term ends next April and President Trump appoints a successor  — compared consumer interest in bitcoin to the “cultural change” that the baby boomers instituted when they arrived on the scene in the mid-20th century.  He explained that younger investors have much less respect for mainstream financial institutions due to growing up amidst the financial crisis and said that they see bitcoin as a way to remove these middlemen from the economic supply chain.  He said:  “There is something going on here that is generational. Just as the baby boomer generation lost faith in the leaders that came before them and tried to seek a cultural change in those days through sex, drugs and rock and roll, I think there is a generation that also has lost faith in us that led them through the financial crisis and they see technology as a way of disintermedia ting institutions for which they don’t have a great deal of respect.  Giancarlo has issued similarly-conciliatory statements about cryptocurrency investors on multiple occasions, beginning with his remarks before a Senate committee hearing earlier this year.  His  heartfelt opening statement  at that hearing earned him the nickname “Cryptodad,” and he has taken to using the hashtag #cryptodad when he tweets about cryptocurrency.  Earlier this week, Giancarlo said that bitcoin was “ like gold ” in several respects, even though it is perhaps not ideal as a medium of exchange.  Featured Image from YouTube.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Due For 90% Price Correction In Mass Crypto Wipeout, Warns Investment Bank Twitter  The price of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies will suffer a 90 percent correction that will cause a  “mass market wipeout ” within the next 12 months, says investment bank GP Bullhound.  While the market correction will decimate many virtual currencies, the few survivors are in for an unprecedented rally, GP Bullhound predicts, as reported by  CNBC .  “Once this  ‘crypto-winter ’ passes, the growth dynamics for the precious few survivors will be unprecedented, ” Sebastian Markowsky wrote in his report,  “Token Frenzy: The Fuel of the Blockchain. ” Markowsky is a director at GP Bullhound and lead author of the report.  Institutional Investors Will Cause Price Spike  In his report, Markowsky also predicts that institutional investors will start moving into the cryptocurrency market while more retail investors will also plunge in.  As CCN previously reported, the  Rockefeller family is so confident  about the future of crypto that it ’s making long-term investments in blockchain and cryptocurrency startups.  The migration of institutional and retail investors into the crypto market will cause price inflation, which will lead to eventual  “panic ” selling and a dramatic price plunge, GP Bullhound predicts.  Of course, this is just one bank ’s bearish prediction for the mushrooming virtual currency market, which is gaining more mainstream traction with each passing day.  There are currently more than 1,000 cryptocurrencies, but many market observers say most will not survive. The market leaders are bitcoin, followed by Ethereum, and Ripple.  Even cryptocurrency skeptics believe these three digital currencies will survive a bear market, at least in the short term.  Bar Will Be Raised On ICOs  Despite his bearish outlook on the industry, Markowksy predicts that initial coin offerings (ICO) will continue to flourish. In 2017, ICOs raised more than $4 billion. That ’s a significant amount of capital for a nascent market.  But Markowksy warned that the recent  proliferation of ICO scams  ensures that investors will no longer pour money into them without some concrete evidence that the investments can be viable.  “Raising money on the back of a whitepaper will not be possible, ” Markowsky told CNBC.  “I think people will need to see more product. The bar will be rising very fast. ”  Despite GP Bullhound ’s sobering projections, bitcoin evangelists like Twitter billionaire Jack Dorsey and tech billionaire Tim Draper remain unmoved in their confidence that cryptocurrencies are here to stay.  To prove his point, Draper has set a whopping  $250,000 bitcoin price target  for 2022, as CCN has reported. “I’m thinking $250,000 a bitcoin by 2022,” Draper said. “It’s happening and it’s going to be awesome!”  Given his past success at predicting bitcoin price movements, Tim Draper ’s flamboyant predictions aren ’t to be taken lightly.   Oops! I predicted $250k in 2022. My tweet last night was missing a zero. $250k is the number!  — Tim Draper (@TimDraper)  April 13, 2018   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency CFD Trading Sparks Plus500 ’s 280% Revenue Spike Twitter  Plus500, an online exchange specializing in contracts for difference (CFDs), had blockbuster top- and bottom-line performance in its first quarter amid heightened demand for cryptocurrency trading, though it warned that market conditions have since returned to more  “normal levels. ”  The London-listed Plus500, whose headquarters are located in Israel, benefitted from the volatility in cryptocurrency prices, as evidenced by revenue that skyrocketed by more than 280% in Q1 to $297.3 million. Q1 EBITDA rose 400%-plus to $237.3 million, fueled by feverish trading in derivative cryptocurrency trading.  But the company softened its guidance for the balance of the year, cautioning that the robust performance isn ’t likely to persist amid a normalization of market conditions and a couple of external hurdles.  First a look at the positive momentum.  “The very strong start to the year, which was referred to in our preliminary announcement of 14 February 2018, resulted from a period of relatively volatile markets and high levels of interest in the Company ’s cryptocurrency CFDs offering, and in turn encouraged high levels of New Customer sign-ups and record trading in Q1 2018, ” the company said in a statement.  Indeed, active customers who completed a minimum of one trade in the quarter  climbed approximately 200% higher  versus year-ago levels to more than 218,000. Meanwhile, Plus500 attracted nearly 73,000 new investors to its trading platform in 2018, reflecting more than a 200% increase on a sequential basis. Margins were strong as customers spent more money while the cost of acquisition fell.  But as the Financial Times pointed out, now that social media sites won ’t be contributing to cryptocurrency advertising, results may be less rosy next quarter.  “We have since seen market conditions return to more normal levels in the last two months. As such we do not expect such an exceptional performance to be repeated in the remainder of the year, ”  according to Plus500 .  The guidance is a reflection of several forces working against the cryptocurrency market, not the least of which involved moves by social media site Twitter as well as Google to  ban cryptocurrency advertising  on their sites, which Plus500 suggested could interfere with its ability to attract more traders.  Plus500 and its rivals are also preparing for new regulation that ’s coming down the pike, which the company anticipates  “will enhance the CFD trading landscape and create a more level playing field. ” The new rules are expected to attach stricter limitations on margin trading, and Plus500 is looking to group its  “experienced traders ” in the  “professional trader ” category, where they can  “trade at higher leverage, ” according to the company ’s  trading update .  Plus500 supports trading in cryptocurrency CFDs, or contracts for difference. They let traders speculate on an upward or downward price move in an investment without having to actually own the underlying digital currency. CFDs are on the rise in the cryptocurrency market amid the opportunity to trade them at more exchanges, including eToro, which  recently expanded  to also give investors the opportunity to own underlying cryptocurrency assets.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘Discount Bitcoin Bandits’ Charged in Los Angeles for Theft Twitter  The  Los Angeles  County district attorney has charged a couple with stealing thousands of dollars from people who sought to purchase cryptocurrency, the district attorney’s office announced on its  website .  ‘Discount Bitcoin Bandits ’ Charged with Second-Degree Robbery  Authorities first charged Precious Lanay Fitzgerald with four counts of second-degree robbery, two counts of child abuse and one count of grand theft on March 19. An amended complaint filed yesterday includes two new charges of grand theft, child abuse and prior conviction allegations.  Authorities charged Lawillie Joshua Hall March 19 with two counts of second-degree robbery. The defendants, dubbed the “Discount Bitcoin Bandits,” also face gun allegations, and the charges include prior conviction allegations against Fitzgerald.  A preliminary hearing on the amended complaint has been scheduled for Wednesday at the Foltz Criminal Justice Center. Prosecutors are recommending bail at $570,000 for Fitzgerald and $200,000 for Hall. The pair allegedly stole $87,125 from six individuals from October to February by using online notices advertising discount  bitcoins  for sale, then stealing the money brought to make payments.  Fitzgerald has been accused of receiving a money transfer from one victim but never providing the promised bitcoin. In other instances, she allegedly met the prospective buyers in person and forcefully grabbed the cash they had brought. Hall allegedly used a handgun and helped Fitzgerald in at least two  crimes . During some of the robberies, an infant was allegedly present.  Accused Has Prior Offense  This is not the first time that Fitzgerald has run afoul of the law. She was convicted in March 2010 for assault with a deadly weapon in addition to a case involving a firearm. She faces a possible maximum sentence of 29 years and 18 months in jail if convicted, while Hall faces as much as 19 years and four months.  John C. Weller, deputy district attorney for the cyber crime division, is prosecuting the case, which remains under investigation by the Los Angeles Police Department’s robbery-homicide division.  Featured Image from Shutterstock  
DECREASE	   France Slashes Cryptocurrency Tax Rate from 45% to a Flat 19% Twitter  France has more than halved its cryptocurrency income tax rate on capital gains, incentivizing citizens to invest and even take some profits in the market.  The French Council of State has decided to change the classification of cryptocurrency capital gains, thereby lowering the tax rate from as high as 45% to a flat rate of 19%, a  French online publication  revealed. With the added generalized social contribution (GSC)  for most incomes , the tax rate would rise but still falls well below the 40% threshold.  The revision couldn ’t come at a better time for cryptocurrency investors, with bitcoin trading comfortably above $9,000 and the other top 10 coins also in the green today.  Source: Coin Market Cap  France ’s highest court for administration, the Council of State, determined that cryptocurrency profits are considered  “moveable property ” and therefore subject to a lower tax rate than had previously been imposed, rewriting rules that had been in place since 2014.  Prior to the ruling, cryptocurrency gains were identified as either industrial and commercial profits or non-commercial profits, the local French report explained. Under this classification system, the capital gains tax for cryptocurrencies was 45% at the high end for residents in the highest tax bracket.  With the new classification as  “movable property, ” cryptocurrency profits become more akin to assets that can be transported, such as vehicles, planes and precious metals as well as intellectual property. This category attaches a more attractive flat 19% tax rate for transferring cryptocurrencies.  Before you pack your bags and head for France, there are some exceptions to the new rule. For instance, profits generated by the process of bitcoin mining remain subject to the original tax rate. The lower rate is specifically designed for investment gains.  French Policy  France Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire was one of the officials to call for cryptocurrencies to be on the agenda at the  G20 meeting  held earlier this year. Le Maire has grown progressively accepting of bitcoin and other digital currencies seemingly in light of the country ’s leadership position for fintech more broadly.  He intends for France to take the lead with regulation in what he recently  described as  the  “cryptocurrency revolution ” and for the country to be a hotbed for blockchain innovation including licensed and non-licensed ICOs.  As CCN  previously reported , French President Emmanuel Macron appears to have embraced bitcoin, as evidenced by a photo of him holding a bitcoin hardware wallet.  Macron holding a Ledger Blue bitcoin hardware wallet.  Last year, France  gave the green light  to banks to support trading of unlisted securities using blockchain technology.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘A Key Focus ’: Australian Regulator Talks Updated ICO, Crypto Guidelines Twitter  Australia’s financial regulator and watchdog is revising its posture on initial coin offerings (ICOs) and cryptocurrencies in the coming weeks, stressing that keeping an ‘open mind’ to new financial technologies will not come at the expense of ‘basic consumer protection‘ practices.  Speaking at a Sydney FinTech event with a number of blockchain and crypto-related companies in attendance on Thursday, Australian Securities and Investments ( ASIC ) Commissioner John Price specifically touched on how the regulator will engage with ICOs and cryptocurrencies.  In his  speech , the regulatory official said the authority is ‘determined to see Australia’s fintech and regtech flourish in the right regulatory environment”. The same applies to its position on cryptocurrencies and ICOs, he added, although insisting that the “ASIC must be focused on both protecting Australian consumers and facilitating innovation across the financial services industry.”  In September 2017, the ASIC released an  information sheet  to provide guidance to businesses considering an injection of funds or fundraising through initial coin offerings (ICOs).  Depending on the type of token offered, ICOs can be deemed as a managed investment scheme, a share offering, an offer of a derivative or a non-cash payment facility, according to the information sheet.  The circumstances of the ICO in the way it is structured and operated will determine its legality, the sheet explains, warning ICO promoters of their obligation not to indulge in any misleading or deceptive conduct with potential investors. Stamping out deceptive practices, in particular, is “going to be a key focus for us going forward,” the ASIC commissioner said.  “I wanted to flag to you all this evening that we will be making some updates to the information sheet in the coming weeks,” Price said in his speech, notably stating that the document will “include more on cryptocurrencies” in its updated expansion.  He added:  We will highlight that Australian corporate and consumer law might apply – even if the ICO is created and offered from overseas. This is an important point given the international nature of this sector.  “There exists a perception that Australian regulations don’t apply or can be avoided by engaging in an activity from overseas,” he said later. “I cannot stress enough that if you are doing business here and selling something to Australians – including issuing securities or tokens to Australian consumers – our laws here can apply.”  Finally, the official reiterated that the ASIC  – in its capacity as Australia’s corporate, markets and financial services regulator – will take a proactive and forward-looking approach to innovation.  “But, if there is one main thing I need you all to take away from ASIC tonight, it is we are dealing with real people’s money and ASIC’s support cannot come at the expense of basic consumer protection and the necessity to prevent investors and their funds being unfairly parted,” he said again, insisting the regulator will dedicate “a strong focus” on prohibiting misleading and deceptive conduct in the ICO space.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Riot Blockchain Trades All Mined Bitcoin Cash into Bitcoin Twitter  Biotech-company-turned-cryptocurrency-investment-firm Riot Blockchain is not long on Bitcoin Cash.  That’s one of several revelations from a recent  public filing  that provides an overview of the Colorado-based company’s 2017 financial results.  The Nasdaq-listed firm, which reports that it had 3,500 Bitmain S9 miners deployed at a data center in Oklahoma City at the end of March and intends to have 8,000 running by the end of May, said that it “presently converts any Bitcoin Cash mined to Bitcoin on a regular basis.”  In March,  Riot Blockchain  mined approximately 69 BTC and 44 BCH, collectively worth about $670,000 at the time of writing.  “When fully deployed, Riot expects its presently owned hashing power to be over 110 Petahash, which it believes would rank the Company among the largest publicly listed cryptocurrency mining operations,” the company added.  Riot Blockchain also owns a 12.9% ownership stake in Canada-based cryptocurrency exchange  Coinsquare , which recently received a CAD $430 million valuation (~$335 million) and is planning to list its shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange later this year.  The company recently acquired a controlling stake in Logical Brokerage Corp., a futures brokerage firm that is registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and is a member of the National Futures Association (NFA).  The firm has also said that it is “investigating” the feasibility of launching its own cryptocurrency exchange.  Nevertheless, Riot Blockchain shares are trading well below the all-time high they set in mid-December, a phenomenon that has been observed with most cryptocurrency “proxy stocks.”  One reason for the decline is that the company may lose its spot on the Nasdaq, which would relegate its shares to over-the-counter (OTC) markets, which are much less liquid.  As CCN  reported , Nasdaq has threatened to delist Riot Blockchain’s shares for violating the platform’s rules. Specifically, the company has failed to hold its 2017 annual meeting of shareholders in a timely manner, which the firm says stems from difficulty achieving quorum. In the filing, Riot Blockchain said it has scheduled an annual meeting for May 9 at its mining facility.  Riot Blockchain has also recently been subpoenaed by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), presumably in relation to its unexpected pivot from biotech to cryptocurrency.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   SEC: ICO Tokens Should Be Regulated as Securities, Not Bitcoin Twitter  The role of cryptocurrencies was thrust into the spotlight during a hearing between Congress and the US Securities and Exchange Commission.  The US House of Representatives Committee on Appropriations held a hearing with the Wall Street regulator on April 26, and they explored regulating cryptocurrencies in what they still seem to believe exist in a Wild West environment. SEC Chairman Jay Clayton was looked to as an authority on the topic of cryptocurrencies in what was his maiden testimony before this specific comm ittee.  Congressman Chris Stewart (R-UT) told how his son invested $17 in a digital currency that he opted not to name but acknowledged that his son has a greater net worth than he does at the moment. But without proper regulation,  “people don ’t have the information they need to make good decisions, ” he said, looking to Chairman Clayton for answers.  Bitcoin Not a Security, ICOs Are Not Transparent  Chairman Clayton described a  “complicated area, ” one in which he divides between bitcoin as a currency and ICOs. Bitcoin, Chairman Clayton said, has  “been determined by most people to not be a security. ”  Tokens used to finance projects, such as tokens that are issued in the fundraising process of an ICO, however, are different.  “There are none that I ’ve seen that aren ’t securities, ” said Clayton, ” adding:  “To the extent something is a security, we should regulate it as a security. ”  It ’s these new tokens that appear to be the focus for regulators at the moment, and the SEC is waiting for the issuing companies to step up. Chairman Clayton pointed out that  “securities regulations are disclosure-based, ” adding that  “people should follow those and provide the information that [the agency] requires. ” When asked by Rep. Stewart if issuing startups are transparent about how they present themselves, Chairman Clayton didn ’t hold back, saying  “no. ”  Chairman Clayton recognized the  “economic utility ” and  “great promise ” that cryptocurrencies bring to bear. But policymakers are still torn on how the market should be regulated.  For instance, ICOs have raised a whopping $6.3 billion in Q1 2018 alone, and Chairman Clayton says the growth has occurred  “without the usual respect for the law that you would expect to see in the financial markets. ” The SEC, he believes, should have jurisdiction over the newly issued tokens.  As for bitcoin, which is used as a payment method, that ’s outside of the SEC ’s purview.  “Our laws didn ’t anticipate [cryptocurrencies.] Our laws anticipated sovereign-backed currencies. These currencies are not sovereign-backed. With a sovereign-backed currency, I would argue that the need for regulation to give people comfort is less than it is for something that is not sovereign-backed, ” said SEC Chairman Clayton.  While Rep. Stewart appears to want greater oversight of the cryptocurrency market, he also wants to avoid a knee-jerk reaction.  “Many times when we legislate in a moment of crisis, we overkill, ” he said, pointing to Dodd Frank and the Patriot Act as examples.  “I would like us to lean into this rather than wait for something that gets someone ’s attention and then draws upon Congress and others to respond to it when we ’re really not prepared, ” concluded Rep. Stewart.  Chairman Clayton agreed, and said  “leaning in ” is precisely what the SEC has been doing.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   $670 Million: Bitcoin Futures Post Record Daily Volume as Market Recovers Twitter  Bitcoin futures volume reached an all-time high on Wednesday, peaking near a combined $670 million between regulated US exchanges CME and CBOE.  On Chicago exchange  CME , traders exchange more than 11,000 contracts, worth an equivalent 56,010 BTC. According to CME’s Bitcoin Reference Rate (BRR) for April 25, those contracts equate to more than $497 million in single-day volume. Of course, the actual dollar value of those contracts most likely diverged from that figure slightly, as prices fluctuated throughout the trading session.   #Bitcoin  futures liquidity continues to build. A record of more than 11,000 contracts (56,010 equivalent bitcoin) traded Wednesday. April average daily volume is currently 3,716 contracts, up 44% vs. March.  https://t.co/s3opy7w6IB   #BTC   pic.twitter.com/AabNTh9CwQ  — CMEGroup (@CMEGroup)  April 26, 2018   This means that on Wednesday, CME ranked as one of the world’s 10 largest cryptocurrency exchanges  — larger than many spot trading platforms that offer a significant number of altcoin trading pairs.  It’s particularly remarkable considering that, unlike spot exchanges that operate around the clock, CME only offers trading during specific business hours.  The exchange also noted that average daily volume has increased by 250 percent since it listed its Bitcoin futures product in December, indicating that the spike is more than just a single-day fluke. April’s average daily volume is 3,716 contracts, equivalent to 18,580 BTC. That’s a 44 percent increase since March.  This rapid increase in trading volume has not been isolated to CME.  Fellow Chicago-based exchange  CBOE   — the first regulated US platform to list Bitcoin futures  — saw 19,000 contracts (each worth 1 BTC) traded on its platform on Wednesday, which works out to roughly $168 million according to the BRR. This was not only a record for CBOE but was also triple the exchange’s average daily volume for this product.   $XBT   #BitcoinFutures  highest daily volume  – 3X normal ADV,  @kpdavitt13  details high volume  & ranges in the underlying,  #Cryptocurrency  trending higher:  #bitcoincash   $BCH ,  $EOS  market cap  https://t.co/3ZUS3ZwPxT   #crypto  — Cboe (@CBOE)  April 26, 2018   Significantly, CBOE noted that this record volume correlated with neither a contract expiration date nor exceptional price volatility, as previous volume spikes have been.  Futures are primarily (though not exclusively) traded by institutional investors, so rising volumes for these products could be an indication that institutions are beginning to take a more active role in the cryptoasset space.  Abra CEO Bill Barhydt recently said that  “ all hell will break loose ” once institutional investors begin to allocate meaningful capital to investments in the industry, and numerous insiders  believe  their presence will drive the Bitcoin price to record levels.  
DECREASE	   Sony Files Patent for Digital Rights Storage on a Blockchain Twitter  Japan ’s Sony has filed an application for a patent to store users ’ digital rights data on the blockchain, and it stands to disrupt another industry.  The patent application, which was published by the US Patent  & Trademark Office on April 26, has made its way to the top of the queue. It ’s dubbed Blockchain-Based Digital Rights Management (DRM) and it was filed by both Tokyo-based Sony Corp and Culver City, Calif-based Sony Pictures Entertainment.  Sony, which is behind such innovation as the Walkman and virtual reality headset PlayStation VR, has set its sights on distributed ledger technology and is looking to manage and store users ’ digital entitlement data on the blockchain. There are numerous possible implementations of DRM on the blockchain, but Sony breaks it down accordingly  –  Sony receives a public-key fueled enrollment request Verification process to make sure the user has the private key to match the public key A user ID is generated via the public key “generating and delivering the rights blockchain having a genesis block including the user identifier to the use, ” according to the  patent application.  Below is an image of the blockchain fueled DRM system  –     Sony/US Patent Office  Removing the Friction  Sony goes on to explain the pain point in the DRM process that the blockchain can solve, and it involves the disruption of yet another market. The way that businesses use DRM technology now is to engage a third-party vendor for a digital rights locker or other data storage methods that let users access their digital entertainment. Sony warns in the patent application:  “However, these conventional solutions may not be very reliable and rely on one unique point of failure. If the rights locker provider or system goes out of business or otherwise fails, the user loses all the acquired content. ”  Sony goes on to explain how the current system stores a user ’s content rights on a license that is applicable to a single user on a specified platform.  Blockchain-fueled DRM would remove the need for the third-party service provider and create a host of possibilities, erasing the friction in the process and giving Sony and its customers more control of data.  The use cases for the technology appear limitless, but Sony describes in one scenario how  “content data can be for various types of content or other data, such as movies, television, video, music, audio, games, scientific data, medical data, etc. ”  The user ID would then determine the rights of the customer,  “such as one user having the same or different rights on different devices, users sharing rights (e.g., family accounts or primary/subordinate accounts), temporary sharing of rights (e.g., lending, demo models), ” according to the patent application.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   PBoC Digital Currency Director Says Blockchains Need Centralization Twitter  China’s digital currency director said that excessive decentralization is a fatal flaw that spells doom for Bitcoin, Ethereum, and many other public blockchains.  Writing in an op-ed published by Chinese-language business news outlet  Yicai , Yao Qian  — who leads the People’s Bank of China (PBoC) digital currency research institute  — argued that is impossible to exercise decentralized, informal blockchain governance on a large scale. He said that the solution to this problem is for the blockchain to have a central governor.  He wrote:  “In fact, by relaxing the decentralization constraint, many problems can be solved. For example, in a multi-center system such as a coalition chain, upgrading the blockchain bottom by shutting down the system, or emergency intervention, rolling back data, etc., are available means when necessary, and these methods help to control risks and correct mistakes.”  “It can be foreseen that there will be a new area between the two poles of centralization and decentralization in the future,” he added, according to a rough translation.  As evidence, Yao cited the  DAO hack  and the subsequent messy divorce between Ethereum and Ethereum Classic.  Under Yao’s proposed structure, the PBoC would have the ability to pause or shut down the system, roll back transactions and other data, as well as push software upgrades without the need for community consensus.  “For regular code upgrades, controllable smart contract replacements can be achieved by separating code and data and combining multi-layer smart contract structures,” he explained.  Yao is no the first official from a Chinese regulatory agency to argue that central banks should adopt distributed ledger technology (DLT) but maintain a centralized governance structure.  In March, Zhang Ye, the director of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC),  said  that “the absolute decentralization of the blockchain is not valid because the blockchain itself is software and software must be centralized.”  Previously, PBoC vice governor Fan Yifei said that a central bank digital currency should have “ controllable anonymity ” so that the government could mitigate money laundering, terrorist financing, and other financial crimes.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Nexon Korea CEO Denies Rumors of Acquiring Bitstamp for $350 Million Twitter  Video game company,  Nexon Korea ’s CEO, Lee Jung-hun has issued a statement in a press conference denying the rumors of a Bitstamp acquisition.  The rumors, which  hit the headlines  yesterday, suggested the oldest bitcoin exchange was up for sale and that the South Korean gaming company was the frontrunner for acquiring it. According to the reports, ‘people with knowledge’ said the price being discussed was around $350 million.  However, during a press conference held at Nexon Korea ’s headquarters, CEO, Lee Jung-hun said: “Nexon Korea does not have anything to do with a Bitstamp acquisition,”.  He added, “We do not have any plans to link cryptocurrencies with our game business.”  Lee Jung-hun became CEO of the gaming company worth approximately $13 billion, in January. Yesterday’s press conference was his first since stepping into his role. During the conference, he shared his vision and direction for the gaming company that was founded in Seoul, South Korea.  With an estimated 3 million registered accounts and 500,000 active trading accounts, Luxembourg-based Bitstamp is the world’s 13 th  biggest exchange and the only fully licensed cryptocurrency exchange in Europe. It was founded in 2011 and became the world’s oldest exchange when China-based BTCC closed following a  cryptocurrency trading platform ban  in the country.  Nexon, which released its first game in 1995, now employs close to 6,000 people and has developed the Korean and Japanese versions of high-profile PC and mobile games such as Counter-Strike and FIFA Online.  Corporates into Cryptocurrency Exchanges  Although Nexon ’s most recent acquisition rumours have been quashed, the news would not have been the first of its kind. Other announcements have been made by Asian businesses moving into the cryptocurrency sector.  In March, local sources reported that Yahoo Japan was  preparing to launch a cryptocurrency exchange  and in April, a major Japanese brokerage  confirmed its foray into the sector . Nexon itself is owned by NXC Corporation, headquartered in Japan, which last year  bought a controlling 65 percent stake  in the Korean crypto exchange, Korbit.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Blockchain Technology is Disrupting the Travel Industry as We Know It Twitter  The travel industry is constantly changing because of an increasingly connected world, globalization of services, and the ease with which people can travel. The internet was a major catalyst for travel as services that once took days and even weeks to meet demand suddenly were able to do so in minutes. However, the early promise shown by online travel has been derailed by a var iety of factors that limit how effective services can be.  The ease with which major online travel agencies (OTAs) and other intermediaries have entrenched themselves around services including hotel bookings, car rentals, and flights means that  barriers to entry are disproportionately high . The result is a system that extracts value, adds costs, and passes those consequences onto consumers with few alternatives.  As the size of the travel market increases , however, finding a viable solution will help stakeholders sustain their success into the future. Blockchain has started to disrupt this status quo by injecting many of its inherent advantages into the conversation. Already, there are several companies in different sectors of the travel industry which are showing that platforms don’t have to extract value to be useful and profitable. These emerging solutions have created their own tokens, coins, and in some cases introduce d blockchains to build systems that benefit every stakeholder in the equation.  An Accommodating Blockchain  The hotel industry has slowly been subsumed into the mammoths that are OTAs. Whereas once they focused on travel almost exclusively, websites like Kayak and Orbitz have now absorbed these services and offer full package travel planning. This convenience comes with heavy strings attached. For one, OTAs tend to charge high fees and commissions from hotels looking to list on their  sites—costs that are passed directly to consumers. Moreover, they command large portions of hotels and B &Bs’ inventory. Enter blockchain-based  platforms like GOeureka . The company’s platform seeks to decentralize and disintermediate the booking process for hotels with blockchain’s decentralized ledger and their own token. The goal of platforms like GOeureka’s is to create a more direct link between travelers and hotels, allowing for P2P interaction that  dispenses with commissions, fees, and other costs  associated with intermediaries and OTAs. By enabling direct access, users can also access better prices, hotels can better manage their inventories while offering more transparent services to their clients.  Fly Decentralized Air  Air travel has also not reached the potential it showed in the early days of the internet. Despite adopting more modern technologies across their services, reality dictates that air travel is still complicated and inconvenient for most people. Between a lack of connection between airline systems, long waits and delays without information, and a deficiency of accuracy when measu ring departure and arrival times, the industry makes it exceedingly difficult for consumers. The problem stems from data silos created by companies themselves. Airlines do not share information regarding travel with each other, and airports must make due with several sets of disparate data to display to travelers. These gaps in data result in missed flights, unexpected delays, losses of baggage, and other seemingly small irritants which can add up to millions in losse s for companies. This complication works to increase costs across the board, as companies can’t provide accurate estimates, create unnecessary bottlenecks, and increase prices for reasons that aren’t always transparent. In this sector, blockchain’s biggest focus is streamlining the travel process.  FlightChain, for instance , is a platform developed by SITA and other air travel stakeholders to simplify the process from end to end. The way this platform (and others like it) work is by unifying flight information across the board. Instead of disparate sources and data inputs, all information would be placed on the distributed ledger, removing the data silos hindering in the industry. This unificatio n would mean more accurate details, better planning, and simplified travel for consumers.  We’ve Arrived, Now What?  Another less-discussed aspect of travel is what happens when travelers reach their destination. Even here, intermediaries and gatekeepers have raised costs and complicated matters for users. Companies like TripAdvisor and Yelp have been proven to be unreliable at best as  they can easily be gamed  to distort public opinion. Consumers looking for local experiences and other fun activities may be disappointed having to overpay for false promises, or simply be left without a clue of what to do. Here, blockchain’s ability to connect people directly comes into play. With a company like Chozun, which offers events and recommendations for travelers using blockchain, users can forgo the complex process of wading through reviews and trying to verify them. Instead, they can instantly connect to locals on platforms that let service providers monetize on their own terms, and  travelers know that they are getting what they are paying for.  How to De-Stratify Travel  The travel industry is increasingly defined by stratification in several ways. The number of steps required to plan a trip (dealing with airlines, booking hotels, finding activities, navigating airports) makes it inconvenient at best, and infuriating at worst. By implementing blockchain, however, the industry can begin to remove unnecessary hurdles and choke points, streamlinin g the travel process and offering greater value to everyone involved, from consumers to companies themselves.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Rebounds to $9,200 After a 10% Decline, Market Begins to Rebound Twitter  The bitcoin price has rebounded to $9,200 after experiencing a 10 percent decline on April 26, from $9,700 to $8,800. The sharp decline in the price of bitcoin was said to be triggered by the sale of the Mt. Gox trustee funds.   Swift Recovery  More than 17,000 bitcoins were said to be dumped on the public cryptocurrency exchange market over the past 24 hours by the Mt. Gox trustee. At a price of $9,700, 17,000 bitcoins were worth $165 million and that large sum of funds were dumped on major cryptocurrency exchanges.   Previously, the Mt. Gox trustee triggered the bitcoin price to drop by large margins in several occasions. The organization was heavily criticized for their decision to utilize public cryptocurrency exchanges to sell their funds instead of disposing them in the over-the-counter (OTC) market.  Within the cryptocurrency market, over-the-counter (OTC) traders refer to trades between large-scale investors or miners that own large sums of bitcoin. Hundreds of millions of dollars worth of bitcoin could be traded in OTC markets on a single day and not affect the public cryptocurrency exchange market because the liquidity and structure of the two markets are completely different.  In spite of the criticism from the cryptocurrency community and the request from investors to utilize the OTC market to sell large batches of bitcoin rather than cryptocurrency exchanges, the Mt. Gox trustee has continued to rely on major exchanges to dispose their funds. Consequently, subsequent to each sale, the price of bitcoin has fallen by large margins.  Bitcoin has recovered relatively quickly from the sharp decline in price caused by the Mt. Gox trustee’s dump. Volumes have re-emerged on major exchanges and overall demand has risen. The Relative Strength Index (RSI) and Williams’ Percent Range (WPR) of bitcoin signal a neutral zone for bitcoin and have not demonstrated neither oversold or overbought conditions over the past three days.   Often, when bitcoin remains in a neutral zone and is not flooded with sell orders, it tends to perform strong in the short-term. As such, investors expect the bitcoin price to end April at $10,000, regardless of the recent drop in price triggered by the Mt. Gox sale.  Tokens Performing Well  For three straight weeks, tokens including ICON (ICX), Decentraland (MANA), WanChain (WAN), EOS, OmiseGo (OMG), Kyber Network (KNC) and others have performed strong against both bitcoin and the US dollar.  Although the majority of tokens recorded some losses amidst bitcoin’s fall from $9,700 to $8,800, most tokens have demonstrated an increase in value in the range of 5 to 10 percent over the past 24 hours.  Verge, which was dumped after its partnership with PornHub was officially announced, has started to make its way back to its previous levels. At its peak, XVG was valued at around 0.00001435. Earlier this week, XVG plunged to 0.00000639, by more than 50 percent. At the time of reporting, XVG remains at 0.000000808, after recording 10 percent gain today.  
DECREASE	   10% of Q1 Revenue: Cryptocurrency Mining Boosts AMD Profits Despite Volatility Twitter  Advanced Micro Devices ’ first-quarter earnings results were buoyed by cryptocurrency mining revenue, but the chipmaker warned the volatility is getting in the way.  AMD in Q1 generated a higher percentage of its revenue from sales of its graphics chips that are used to power computers in the cryptocurrency mining process for digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum.  The company, however, is bracing for a  “modest decline ” in blockchain-fueled revenue in the second quarter even as bitcoin has turned a corner. Nonetheless, AMD CEO Lisa Su expects mining demand will be around for the long term.  “I do think the blockchain infrastructure is here to stay. I think there are numerous currencies. There are numerous applications that are using the blockchain technology, ” said Su  on the earnings call .  The Results  AMD ’s Q1 computing and graphics revenue came in at $1.12 billion, soaring 95% versus last year in the same quarter. The company attributes this to  “strong sales of both Radeon and Ryzen products. ”  “The strength in Radeon products was driven by both gaming and blockchain demand. We believe blockchain was approximately 10% of AMD revenue in Q1 2018, ” said AMD ’s CFO Devinder Kumar on the earnings call.  AMD ’s Su described on the call how sales  “outperformed seasonality, ” thanks in large part to rising blockchain demand tied to the company ’s Radeon Vega and 500 series graphics cards sales.  AMD ’s stock has soared  more than 250%  in the past two years amid rising demand for its graphics processors.  Source: Yahoo Finance  ‘Modest Decline ’  AMD also provided guidance for its second quarter performance, cautioning investors to scale back their expectations for blockchain demand. Nonetheless, the guidance  surpassed Wall Street analysts ’  expectations.  “On a sequential basis, we expect Q2 revenue to benefit from continued strength in our Ryzen and EPYC product families and a seasonal increase in semi-custom revenue, partially offset by a modest decline in graphics due to blockchain, ” said Su.  AMD also provided guidance for full-year 2018 saying  “based on the strength of our business momentum  … we now expect revenue to increase by mid-20 ’s percent over 2017, driven by the ramp of our new products. Blockchain revenue to be mid- to high-single digit percentage of revenue for 2018. ”  Anecdotal Evidence  AMD ’s Su pointed out that there was a  “lot of discussion ” surrounding blockchain and cryptocurrency mining, noting that the management team  “spends time ” with their customers, including commercial miners. Su described how AMD has greater  “visibility ” into the demand for the commercial miners versus individual cryptocurrency miners, the latter of whom has a shared use-case between gaming and mining.  Su pointed to the volatility inherent in this market as the reason for the more modest expectations for blockchain demand in the second quarter.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   China ’s #metoo Movement Dodges Censorship on the Ethereum Blockchain Twitter  The sectors of the economy that blockchain technology has disrupted continues to rise, and now the #metoo movement in China can be added to that list.  Despite the fact that the government has largely banned activities associated with digital currencies, the technology that underpins bitcoin has given #metoo student activists a voice.  Yue Xin, a student at Beijing ’s Peking University, attempted to bring to the surface revelations of a sexual assault situation involving a professor and a student from two decades ago, long before she enrolled. Yue was one of a group of students inspired by the #metoo movement to stand up against sexual assault sweeping the globe. They learned the details of the sexual assault after a  freedom of information request .  School officials sought to silence her in response, and now student activists fighting back against the censorship have documented the sexual harassment incident in perpetuity on the unalterable blockchain. Below is a screenshot from Sup China  –  SupChina.com  Pandora ’s Box  Yue shared in an open letter detailing how top brass attempted to silence her for disclosing details of the sexual assault, explaining how she was bullied to erase any documentation of the event and was shamefully sent home. In an eerie twist, the chain of events nearly led Yue ’s mother to take her own life, which is the course of action that the victim of the sexual assault took in the 1990s. But Chinese officials in their attempt to keep a lid on the events have opened a Pandora ’s box of another kind.  Yue ’s letter started spreading like wildfire on China ’s top messaging platforms for millennials, WeChat and Weibo. Eventually, screenshots were blocked and the messages disappeared.  Rather than succumb to the government ’s strong arm that has weakened the #metoo movement in the country, savvy student activists fought back by putting Yue ’s memo on Ethereum ’s impenetrable blockchain. The letter was published anonymously via an ether transaction that according to reports cost less than a dollar.  “It’s symbolic but won’t be easily adopted by the public masses. Decentralised media still has miles to go. But it gives people new hope, ” Isaac Mao, who is developing a blockchain-fueled media platform to combat censorship,  told Bloomberg .  China and Cryptocurrencies  Chinese citizens are no strangers to the government imposing on their rights, as evidenced by the one-child restriction that previously was in place for families in the country. Bobby Lee, the founder of cryptocurrency exchange BTCC, likened China ’s crackdown on bitcoin exchanges to the one-child ban,  having said  that he expects the ban on cryptocurrency trading to eventually be lifted.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
DECREASE	   ‘We Welcome Anonymous Cryptocurrencies ’ : US Federal Reserve Breaks Down Bitcoin in New Study Twitter  The Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis, one of 12 regional Reserve Banks that make up the United States ’ central bank, has conducted a  study  asking some of the biggest questions in cryptocurrency today  – and they may have found some real answers.  Their researchers investigated the control structure of various currencies and looked into whether central banks will adopt cryptocurrencies as a form of payment.  Commodity, Cash, or Digital?  In an effort to assign Bitcoin one of the above monetary categories, the researchers concluded that Bitcoin actually defied traditional categorization  – it ’s none of the above, as shown in the chart below.  There are a number of dimensions used by the bank to categorize money.  The first is  representation : Is the currency represented physically or virtually?  The second is  transaction handling : Are transactions handled in centralized or decentralized payments?  The third is  money creation : Is the production of the currency competitive or monopolized?  These dimensions make it easy to distinguish between commodities like gold, physical currencies like fiat cash, and so on. However, Bitcoin proved elusive when analyzed in the traditional manner.   The researchers pointed out that gold has decentralized transaction handling, a competitive creation process wherein anyone can mine it, and a finite supply  – all traits which are shared by Bitcoin. However, it also has an inherent value as a commodity, unlike fiat currency which represents the value of a commodity (like gold, silver, etc). Gold is not a low-liquidity form of money, but it doesn ’t require extensive bookkeeping or proof of ownership.  Much like fiat cash, simply being in possession of the gold at the time of transaction is enough to prove ownership. Cash is totally decentralized in this sense, with no oversight or bookkeeping required for it to be spent in most cases. The creation, however, is centralized and monopolized. Electronic cash is also monopolized with an infinite supply.  Commercial bank deposits and central bank electronic money are considered virtual money because they don ’t have any physical representation  – they exist as records only. On the other hand, physical forms of money like gold and cash often don ’t even need a record in order to function in the market.  Which category fits Bitcoin?  The answer, of course, is none of them. Bitcoin takes on traits of all three categories and brings some brand new characteristics as well, making it a unique currency.  Bitcoin is the first virtual money for which ownership rights to the various monetary units are managed in a decentralized network. There is no central authority, no boss, and no management. And yet it still works.  The Bitcoin blockchain is the decentralized accounting system, and the so-called miners are the bookkeepers [ …] decentralized management of ownership of digital assets is a fundamental innovation. It has the potential to disrupt the current payment infrastructure and the financial system. In general, it could affect all businesses and government agencies that are involved in recordkeeping.  The researchers went on to point out the recognisable traits that Bitcoin  does  have, before moving on to whether bank-issued virtual money even has a purpose at all.  The special feature of cryptocurrencies is that they combine the transactional advantages of virtual money with the systemic independence of decentralized transaction processing. Furthermore, as with gold, the creation of new Bitcoin units is competitive. Anyone can engage in the creation of new Bitcoin units by downloading the respective software and contributing to the system.  In practice, however, a few large miners dominate the mining process. The reason is that competition has become fierce and only large mining farms with highly specialized hardware and access to cheap electricity can still make a profit from mining.     The Case for Central Bank Electronic Money  The researchers made one of their most important points here, and one that is often overlooked by the die-hard supporters of fiat over Bitcoin, or the reverse.  “Each form of money has its benefits and drawbacks. This is why many forms of money coexist. ”  Cash is permissionless and anonymous, with no account and no record needed. There ’s no one point of attack (like a payment processing server) that can disrupt the cash system of payment, making it a robust and decentralized system in terms of payment. There ’s also no credit relationship or risk involved with cash  – transactions are final and done in person, allowing people to trade even if they don ’t trust each other. Of course, it ’s not viable for long-distance trading such as online purchases, which is a drawback rectified by virtual money which allows for new business opportunities in new, faraway markets.  The researchers point out that cash is the only liquid asset usable for saving outside of the private financial system, and then put forward an interesting theory.  We believe there is great demand for a virtual asset issued by a trusted party that can be used to save outside of the private financial system.  To demonstrate this they tracked Swiss francs in circulation (in the form of cash) as a fraction of GDP from 1980 until 2017 (shown in Figure 2), and found three phases. Phase 1 lasted from 180-95 and marks the time when financial innovations replaced the use of cash as a medium of exchange or store of value. The Swiss population increasingly started to use debit and credit cards for payments.  The second phase is from 1995 until 2008 when card payments and online banking further expanded but, as suggested by Figure 2, the use of cash did not decline further. The third phase lasted from 2008 until 2017 during an era of increased cash circulation, which the researchers believe is due to the global financial crisis from 2007 onwards.   “We believe that there is a strong case for central bank money in electronic form [ …] central bank electronic money satisfies the population ’s need for virtual money without facing counterparty risk. ”  They didn ’t speak so highly of cash, stating that cash is  inefficient, expensive, facilitates crime,  and  limits the bank ’s ability to use negative nominal interest rates.  The bank believes cryptocurrencies are a viable alternative to cash and will be able to outperform cash when issues like scalability, high fees, and adoption are solved, citing the Lightning Network as one of the potential solutions to these problems.  The bank proposes the issuing of  central bank electronic money for all  as another solution, saying that this practice would help discipline commercial banks and force them to incentivize users to participate with higher interest rates to compensate for higher volatility. The St Louis researchers believe that this would simplify monetary policy by promoting the widespread use of central bank accounts with the interest rate as the main policy tool.  Because the market would be desegregated, the interest rates would be low, and because a central bank cannot become illiquid there is no counterparty risk, unlike with commercial banks. Because no credit is available for central bank electronic money, virtually no monitoring is required at all, making it very low maintenance.  In fact, the central bank wouldn ’t even have to scale the infrastructure to provide everyone with central bank electronic funds and accounts  – legislation could obligate commercial banks to integrate central bank accounts and store customer funds externally with the central bank, making the funds off limits in the event of the commercial bank going bankrupt, protecting customer funds.     “Naive ” to Expect Central Bank Cryptocurrencies  “it makes little sense for central banks to issue cryptocurrencies even though it would be straightforward from a technological point of view to do so ”.  The researchers state that no reputable central bank has a high enough incentive to issue branded cryptocurrencies in case that currency were to become linked to a crime of some sort, unfairly associating the bank with the crime and damaging the bank ’s business.  “Once we remove the decentralized nature of a cryptocurrency, not much is left of it. As shown in Figure 1, virtual money that is centralized and issued monopolistically by a central bank is electronic central bank money. ”  The bank feels that it is naive to expect a central bank to issue a cryptocurrency given the logistical problems and unnecessary risks involved. Because of the option of complete anonymity, the bank would risk facilitating money laundering and other crimes which commercial banks are obligated by law to take measures against.  The researchers acknowledge the benefits of allowing anonymous transactions in situations where a government is oppressing citizens, but feel that it is not appropriate for any government authority to actively facilitate anonymous transactions due to their obligation to collect tax and prevent money laundering.  “On the one hand, governments can be bad actors and, on the other hand, some citizens can be bad actors. The former justifies an anonymous currency to protect citizens from bad governments, while the later calls for transparency of all payments.  The reality is in between ,  and for that reason we welcome anonymous cryptocurrencies but also disagree with the view that the government should provide one . ”  Featured image from Flickr/.  
DECREASE	   California Takes  ‘First Step ’ Toward Embracing Blockchain With New Bill Twitter  A California Senator ’s blockchain bill is advancing in the State Legislature.  Senator Bob Hertzberg, a Democrat representing the San Fernando Valley, has introduced a bill that would allow blockchain technology into formal documentation known as a corporation ’s articles of incorporation throughout the state of California. Senator Hertzberg presented the bill, dubbed SB 838, to the Senate Banking and Financial Institutions Committee in recent days, which he says is a  “first step ” to unveil the decentralized technology to the state.  “The world around us is changing, and government must adapt with these rapidly evolving times. California needs to continue our legacy of taking on new and developing technologies, especially ones like blockchain, which is being embraced worldwide and presents a strong level of security that is resistant to hacking, ” said Senator Hertzberg  in a press release .  SB 838 is designed to introduce cryptography-fueled security into the issuance and transfer of corporate share certificates, which would be  “recorded and kept on or by means of blockchain technology or one or more distributed electronic networks, as specified, ” according to  the bill text .  In addition to issuance and transfers, the bill extends to  “the names of all of the corporation’s stockholders of record, the address and number of shares registered in the name of each of those stockholders. ”  Senator Hertzberg not only introduced the bill but he is also educating his peers about the public ledger, pointing out that 11 of Forbes ’ Fintech 50 for 2018 rely on the blockchain or are somehow engaged with cryptocurrencies. He explained that there are  “multitude ” of other use cases for the blockchain beyond volatile cryptocurrencies and suggested applications such as voting and land titles. Incidentally, SB 838 covers a public or private ledger that may be  “driven by tokenized  crypto economics or tokenless. ”  Perhaps the bill could pave the way for businesses to access blockchains like  JPMorgan ’s Quorum project , which is said to be on the block for wider access. Senator Hertzberg offers more local examples, such as UCLA and Berkeley having developed blockchain labs to promote innovation within the blockchain and cryptocurrency communities.  Winning Over the West  While Senator Hertzberg ’s bill is unique and targets specific functions within financial services, California would be joining other Western states that are also adopting blockchain technology. Arizona ’s blockchain bill  recently became law , validating data stored and shared among corporations on the blockchain. Meanwhile, Colorado and Wyoming have also made strides.  Next up, SB 838 will be presented to the Senate Judiciary Committee in May.  California Capitol image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Iran Central Bank Bans Domestic Banks from Cryptocurrency Dealings Twitter  Citing money laundering concerns, the Central Bank of Iran (CBI) has banned the country’s banks from offering services to crypto firms or dealing in cryptocurrencies.  The CBI’s supreme committee, also in charge of curbing money laundering and fighting capital flight in Iran, has issued a circular prohibiting banks and financial institutions from transactions that enable buying, selling or promoting cryptocurrencies, the Islamic Republic News Agency (IRNA)  reported  Sunday.  In its circular, the CBI further claimed cryptocurrencies ‘have the option to be used for money laundering, supporting terrorism and exchange of sums between wrongdoers’, state-owned IRNA, Iran’s official news agency, revealed.  An excerpt from the circular, as reported by  Reuters , read:  Banks and credit institutions and currency exchanges should avoid any sale or purchase of these currencies or taking any action to promote them.  The cryptocurrency curbs come during wider reforms this month wherein Iran  formally unified  its official and open market exchange rates in an attempt to halt plummeting Iranian rial, the country’s fiat currency. The central bank has also limited the permissible amount of foreign currency – in cash- to be held by an Iranian citizen to  €10,000 ($12,250).  Measures include a ban on money transfers and swaps beyond banks as the rial  hit an all-time low  earlier this month amid fears of a possible return of crippling financial sanctions led by the United States.  Iran underwent a banking blackout after global payments rail SWIFT banned the country’s banks from its network in 2012 in a blockade that lasted four years until a nuclear deal by former US president Obama lifted those sanctions in Tehran in 2016.  On May 12, US president Donald Trump sees a deadline to either sign a presidential waiver on Iranian sanctions or formally withdraw the United States from the Obama-era nuclear accord.  Iran, meanwhile, has been  actively exploring  the development of its own blockchain-based, state-issued cryptocurrency, following the likes of Venezuela ’s own oil-backed  ‘ Petro ‘ as a means to circumvent economic sanctions.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Goldman Sachs Hires Crypto Trader to Head Digital Assets Division [But Still Denies it ’s Launching Trading Desk] Twitter  Goldman Sachs has hired a securities trading veteran to help the firm develop a digital asset strategy, but the investment banking giant continues to deny that it is launching a cryptoasset-focused over-the-counter (OTC) trading desk.  According to business news outlet  Tearsheet , Goldman Sachs quietly hired Justin Schmidt last week. Schmidt, who now serves as vice president of the firm’s securities division and head of digital asset markets, previously held a senior VP post at Seven Eight Capital.  The hiring immediately sparked a renewed debate over whether the bank is launching an OTC cryptocurrency trading desk for institutional clients, but Goldman denies that this is the case  — at least right now.  “In response to client interest in various digital products, we are exploring how best to serve them in the space,” the publication cited Tiffany Galvin, a Goldman Sachs spokeswoman, as saying in a Friday statement. “At this point, we have not reached a conclusion on the scope of our digital asset offering.”  Nevertheless, these rumors have circulated since late last year, when Bloomberg first  reported  that the firm would launch a cryptocurrency trading desk by the end of June 2018. Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein has repeatedly denied these reports, though he has left the door open that the bank could make a crypto play in the future.  Moreover, sources have reportedly told  Business Insider  that while Schmidt  “will not be trading anything at the firm, including cryptocurrencies, ” they also said that he will be exploring a potential trading desk.  Notably, Goldman Sachs already owns a cryptocurrency trading desk  — at least indirectly. The firm holds a minority ownership stake in fintech startup Circle, which has launched a range of cryptocurrency products, including an OTC trading desk that processes more than $2 billion in trades per month.  Circle CEO Jeremy Allaire has said that the desk has processed individual trades worth more than $100 million, and the firm has recently  doubled its minimum order size to $500,000  from $250,000.  Last week, UK banking giant Barclays  acknowledged  that it has begun approaching clients to gauge if there is enough interest to justify adding a cryptocurrency trading desk to its range of institutional services.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   $330 Million: EIP-999 Stokes Debate Over ETH Frozen by Parity ’s Contract Bug Twitter  The debate over a controversial Ethereum Improvement Proposal (EIP) designed to restore a self-destructed smart contract holding hundreds of millions of dollars worth of ETH is heating up.  EIP-999 , written by Parity Technologies developer Afri Schoedon, calls for Ethereum to adopt a software upgrade that patches the UK-based company’s frozen multi-signature wallet contract library, allowing users to regain access to approximately 513,000 ETH.  Those funds  — collectively worth nearly $330 million at the current exchange rate  — were  rendered unspendable  last November after pseudonymous GitHub user “devops199” exploited a bug in the contract’s source code (accidentally, the user claims) that allowed him or her to declare ownership of the contract library and cause it to self-destruct.  Nearly 600 different wallet owners lost funds as a result of the bug, including  Polkadot , a project led by former Ethereum CTO and Parity founder Gavin Wood. Polkadot’s wallet currently holds more than  306,000 ETH , now worth approximately $200 million.  “This proposal is necessary because the Ethereum protocol does not allow the restoration of self-destructed contracts and there is no other simple way to enable the affected users and companies regaining access to their tokens and Ether,” Schoedon wrote on GitHub.  Previous EIPs attempting to create a recovery process for self-destructed contracts have been met with resistance by the Ethereum community, and EIP-999 has attracted its share of critics  — particularly since Parity’s contract is the only frozen library it would patch.  A poll hosted on Ethereum block explorer  Etherchain   — which allows users to vote by signing a message with their wallets and then tallies votes based on the funds held by voters  — shows a tight debate, with 52.6 percent of funds  — or ~1.6 million ETH  — voting in opposition to the proposal.  Source: Etherchain  However,  social media users  have raised two major criticisms of the poll, which they claim unfairly benefits its supporters. First, the poll allows contract creators to vote for the funds stored in those contracts  — even if they are multi-sig wallets. Consequently, Polkadot was able to use its 306,000 ETH  — which are not spendable unless EIP 999 or another similar measure is enacted  — to vote in favor of the proposal.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Taiwan Aims to Enforce Cryptocurrency Regulations by November Twitter  Taiwan’s  Minister of Justice, Qiu Taisan, has called for cryptocurrency regulations to be in place by November in the interest of preventing money laundering.  Qui Taisan said the country’s Ministry of Interior, the Central Bank, the Bureau of Investigation and other entities will be involved in determining how to regulate bitcoin. Qui Taisan was interviewed during the financial industry money laundering conference held by the Taiwan Financial Services Coalition, according to the  Central News Agency .  Government Studies Crypto Regulation  The government ’s Legal Department invited two domestic virtual currency operators on April 10 to learn about virtual currency operations, the report noted. The department will be knowledgeable about “control mechanisms” prior to the Asia Pacific Anti-Money Laundering Organization in Taiwan at the end of November.  Gu Lixiong, the chairman of the Financial Supervision and Management Commission, also said the control of bitcoin and other virtual currencies is focused mainly on the prevention of money laundering. In order to prevent bitcoin from becoming a money laundering tool, the commission has asked banks to list the account of the bitcoin sales platform as a “high-risk account.”  A Change In Regulatory Outlook?  In October, Wellington Koo, then Taiwan’s Financial Supervisory Commission chairman, told a joint session of the parliament and the cabinet that Taiwan  will not follow the paths of China and South Korea  in an outright ban on crypto-related activity. Instead, the head of Taiwan’s financial regulator pledged to adopt a friendlier stance to support the development and adoption of both cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology in the country.  Last month, the new governor of Taiwan’s central bank, Yang Chin-long,  expressed “uncertainty” over cryptocurrencies’ function as a payment instrument . He was asked about the matter after a number of central banking counterparts around the world explore a blockchain-based state cryptocurrency.  Yang Chin-long claimed cryptocurrencies aren’t working as payments, citing their speculative nature.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ethereum(ETH) and Ripple(XRP) are ‘Noncompliant Securities, ’: Fmr. CFTC Chairman Twitter  The two most valuable altcoins are most likely “noncompliant securities” under US law, claims a former markets regulator.  Gary Gensler, a former head of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), said that he believes Ether and XRP have been issued through unregistered securities offerings and are trading illegally on the hundreds of cryptocurrency exchanges that list them. Gensler chaired the  CFTC  from 2009 to 2014 during the Obama administration and later served as chief financial officer for Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign. Now, he works as a blockchain researcher at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), where he also serves as a special adviser to the blockchain-friendly Media Lab and a senior lecturer at the Sloan School of Management.  “There is a strong case for both of them — but particularly Ripple — that they are noncompliant securities,” Gensler told the  New York Times .  That’s because both cryptocurrencies have been sold by their creators and purchased primarily as investments for speculative reasons. Bitcoin, in contrast, was never issued in this manner and is thus unlikely to be deemed a security by regulators. As CCN  reported , Ethereum was bootstrapped in an initial coin offering-style presale in 2014, through which investors purchased Ether units that were distributed once the Ethereum network launched in July 2015. Following that initial distribution, new units of Ether have been distributed through mining, and the Ethereum Foundation now controls less than one percent of the Ether supply. However, top officials at the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  reportedly  recently refused to assure an industry working group backed by venture capital firms Andreessen Horowitz and Union Square Ventures that Ether is not an unregistered security. Nevertheless, Gensler said that because Ethereum has been functional for nearly three years and has achieved a more decentralized development structure, it has a greater chance of evading the “noncompliant securities” label than XRP and most ICOs. XRP was created by San Francisco-based blockchain startup  Ripple , and the company issues tokens at its own discretion through sales, grants, and other centralized means. Ripple has  repeatedly claimed  that XRP is not a security, though cryptocurrency exchange operator and brokerage firm Coinbase has  suggested  that it does not believe there is regulatory certainty that prevents it from listing the token.  “XRP does not give its owners an interest or stake in Ripple, and they are not paid dividends,” Ripple spokesman Tom Channick told the NYT. “XRP exists independent of Ripple, was created before the company and will exist after it.”  Gensler, meanwhile, said that he believes 2018 will bring a reckoning for the cryptocurrency industry, as regulators continue to take a more active role in  policing ICOs  and other token sales that allegedly constitute unregistered securities offerings. “2018 is going to be a very interesting time,” Gensler said. “Over 1,000 previously issued initial coin offerings, and over 100 exchanges that offer ICOs, are going to need to sort out how to come into compliance with U.S. securities law.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Circle’s OTC Crypto Desk Doubles Minimum Orders to $500,000 While Clearing $100 Million Trades Twitter  ‘The market is robust.”  That’s how Jeremy Allaire, chief executive of fintech startup Circle, described the nascent institutional cryptocurrency trading market, which he says has grown dramatically in 2018 even as prices entered a bear cycle.  Speaking with  Business Insider , Allaire said that  Circle Trade   — the company’s over-the-counter (OTC) trading desk   — has doubled its minimum order size in recent weeks, though most trades are much larger.  “The minimum ticket size has moved up to $500,000 with an average of $1 million, ” he said.  Previously, Circle Trade’s minimum order size had been set at $250,000, with the firm reporting that it was handling about $2 billion worth of OTC trades per month.  OTC trading is crucial for increased institutional adoption of cryptoassets, as these platforms allow traders to execute large orders outside of conventional exchanges, where a large order may cause a violent price swing that ripples throughout the global markets.  The trustee of now-defunct Bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox, for instance,  drew criticism  when he revealed that he had liquidated about $400 million worth of Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash on order-book exchanges rather than using an OTC trading desk.  Allaire said that Circle, which has received  financial backing from Goldman Sachs , has processed individual trades in excess of $100 million.  “That watermark will continue to rise, ” he predicted.  A variety of platforms offer OTC trading for institutional clients, and the number continues to expand as large firms begin to dip their toes into this asset class.  Gemini, the cryptocurrency exchange founded by Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, recently announced that it would begin offering  block trading , with transaction data reported on a delay to minimize its impact on exchange pricing. Another US-based exchange, Kraken, began offering OTC trading in April as well.  But though institutional trading remains a central focus for Circle ’s cryptocurrency ventures, the company has also increasingly expanded its retail-focused product line in recent months.  Earlier this year, Circle acquired  cryptocurrency exchange Poloniex  in a deal reportedly worth $400 million. Then, the company launched  Circle Invest , a cryptocurrency investment app that allows users to make commission-free trades that leverage the company’s OTC trading desk.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   “Big Bitcoin Heist ” Suspect Arrested in Amsterdam, Claims Unlawful Imprisonment Twitter  Sindri Thor Stefansson, the alleged mastermind behind the  “Big Bitcoin Heist ” who fled a low-security Icelandic prison and hopped on a flight to Sweden last week, has been found.  But according to Stefansson, he never should have been detained in the first place and was being held based on  “police suspicion. ” He was  reportedly arrested in Amsterdam  amid an international arrest warrant with plans under way for his extradition to Iceland.  Stefansson was imprisoned for his alleged role in Iceland ’s worst ever heist involving $2 million worth of bitcoin mining equipment. He believes that his rights were violated because he didn ’t have a trial and the arrest warrant had expired when he escaped the Sogni prison. According to his version of the story, which Stefansson told to  Icelandic publication Frettabladid.is , he was held  “without evidence ” and was  “free to travel ” after the judge ’s ruling expired on April 16. He reportedly said  –  “I would never try to flee prison if I was legally deprived of my freedom from [the] judge ’s decision, that ’s a fact. ”  He further stated that he was dumped, punished and threatened with longer isolation, all  “without proof. ”  “I simply refuse to be in prison of my own will, especially when the police threatens to arrest me without explanation. ”  Below is a screenshot of Stefansson fleeing Iceland, as published in Frettabladid.is. His plane ticket wasn ’t in his own name but no border check was required.  Source: Frettabladid.is  Anger and Remorse  Stefansson is arguing a lapse between the date of the order to hold him and the judge taking 24 hours to determine whether or not to hold the suspect. Stefansson, while he was awaiting the judge ’s ruling, is said to have gone out to a restaurant and then booked the infamous flight to Sweden. Hours later, the judge reportedly ruled  “on the continuation of detention, ” the report says.  Stefansson says he feels shame for having escaped, but he was  “angry ” for being held in a prison for more than two months allegedly without any evidence of having orchestrated the heist. Since his escape, Stefansson says his family has been harassed by the media. Prior to his arrest in Amsterdam, Stefansson ’s manifesto to Frettabladid.is said he wanted to come home to confront the situation.  Stefansson is accused of spearheading a group that allegedly stole cryptocurrency mining equipment over a period in December and January, which still hasn ’t been recovered. The investigation may have shifted to Spain, where Stefansson reportedly purchased an apartment.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Hong Kong and Singapore Prove Safe Havens for ICO Listings Twitter  The ban on ICOs in China is sending blockchain startups that are looking to raise funds into the arms of rival Asian regions.  In particular, blockchain startups are increasingly flocking to Hong Kong, where there ’s more freedom than Mainland China, and Singapore to launch their token sales, according to market participants cited in a report  in South China Morning Post .  In Q1 2018, the tally for funds raised via ICOs globally  was $6.3 billion , surpassing all of 2017 ’s total. More than $1.7 billion of the Q1 total was from Telegram, but the number of token sales is set to exceed 2017 levels as well. Despite the rocky performance in cryptocurrency prices in Q1 (before the Q2 turnaround), demand for new digital coins has not relented.  China issued its ICO ban in September 2017, and since that time, the number of deals unfolding in Hong Kong and Singapore is escalating. Hong Kong seemed to immediately take ICO deal flow and investors from Beijing, with issuers circumventing China ’s ban and registering their address in Hong Kong. Meanwhile, Singapore ’s popularity isn ’t official just yet.   “We cannot say Singapore has become an ICO hub yet, as more work needs to be done, but yes, there has been a lot of activity since September last year,” according to Sinagpore ’s cryptocurrency and blockchain industry association ’s chairman, Anson Zeall, quoted in SCMP.  In fact, Singapore in 2017 ascended to the No. 3 market for ICO issuance based on the amount of funds raised, trailing the United States and Switzerland, as per FunderBeam data cited in SCMP. Hong Kong and Russia also gained deal flow.  The shifting ICO landscape is said to be a direct result of China ’s harsh regulation that was set in motion in September 2017, not to mention South Korea following in China ’s footsteps and similarly banning ICOs  weeks later .  ‘Playing it Safe ’  One of the reasons Singapore is on the rise for ICO issuance is because issuers face a lesser risk of drawing attention from lawmakers. Singapore has embraced blockchain startups, as evidenced by incubator programs and asset managers that are dedicated to the cryptocurrency market.  The process for domiciling a deal in Singapore requires registering the business in the country and hiring an attorney, the latter of which could rack up a bill as high as $200,000. But Daisy Wu, head of PR at Beijing-based blockchain startup Xender, told SCMP that the company is one of many that chose to list its ICO in Singapore. The reason, she said, is because  “we all want to play it safe. ”  Soon after China placed its ban on ICOs, Macau-based casino startup Dragon Corp decided to list its ICO in Hong Kong. That deal has been on the radar of regulators  given its alleged ties  to a gangster as well as to the controversial Cambridge Analytica of Facebook fame.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Indian Police Arrest Operators of $2.6 Million Bitcoin Ponzi  Twitter  Indian authorities have arrested two individuals accused of operating a bitcoin ponzi scheme that swindled some 300 bitcoins, approx. $2.6 million in current prices, from 5000 victims.  The duo, alleged to be running a multi-level marketing (MLM) scheme that incentivized investors to lure in others into the scheme, promised high returns on bitcoin investments through a company called Bitmineplus. The company encouraged investors to deposit or buy bitcoin from the company, which it then held, to offer monthly returns as high as 12%, details from its still-funct ioning website reveals.  According to  The Times of India , the platform began soliciting investments upon launch in December 2016 and, in addition to the 12% returns, offered 5% referral income for early investors with an additional 10% in commissions for bringing in additional people.  An investigating official said:  Their basic idea was to kick-start a multilevel marketing scheme involving bitcoins. The people were given monthly payouts and additional income for referring the scheme to more people.  After paying investors their returns in bitcoin initially, the company began offering dividends in ‘BMP’, its own custom-created cryptocurrency that offered no value. Eventually, the operators fled with their investors’ money before law enforcement caught up and apprehended the two individuals.  “Jangra [the mastermind behind the ponzi] had planned to shift his investors to his own cryptocurrency after getting a good sum of investment, but rising debt and the daily pressure from his investors made him flee with the money,” a senior police official said.  The company, which threw lavish parties at 5-star hotels to gain investors’ confidence, ultimately lured over 5,000 individuals for over a year before the scheme collapsed in February 2018.  “We have identified at least 5,000 IDs which have been duped,” Deputy Commissioner of Police (cyber Cell) Anyesh Roy said on Sunday, according to  the Hindu . “For the first few months, the income came in but eventually, it stopped after which the investors started to ask questions.”  Cryptocurrency-related fraud continues to be prevalent in Asian countries with conmen justifying unrealistically high short-term gains by purporting to invest in cryptocurrencies.  Earlier this month, a  major cryptocurrency-related ICO fraud  in Vietnam saw authorities, including the office of Vietnam’s prime minister, crack down on a sweeping scheme that conned 32,000 citizens out of a reported 15 trillion dong, about $660 million. A similar  nation-wide Chinese pyramid scheme  purporting to be a blockchain platform swindled 80 million yuan ($13 million) from 13,000 investors earlier this year.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Cash Price Leaps 19% While Other Large-Cap Cryptos Flounder Twitter  The Bitcoin Cash Price leaped by 19 percent on Monday, headlining a tepid market advance which saw most large-cap cryptocurrencies struggle to tread water.  Source: CoinMarketCap  After beginning the day at $389.6 billion, the  cryptocurrency market cap  made a $10 billion advance, briefly crossing the $400 billion threshold before dipping back down to $399.3 billion at the time of writing. This represents a single-day increase of 2.5 percent.  Bitcoin Price Holds Below $9,000  The  Bitcoin price  appeared poised to reclaim the $9,000 mantle, and it flirted with this checkpoint throughout the weekend. However, the flagship cryptocurrency failed to assemble sustained support at this level and has settled down to a present value of $8,903 on Bitfinex.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Bitcoin now has a $151.4 billion market cap, which represents a 24-hour decline of one-quarter-of-one-present and translates into a 37.9 percent share of the total market index.  Ethereum Price Posts Minor Gain  The  Ethereum price  managed to return a slightly better single-day performance, rising two percent to $636 on Bitfinex. Ethereum has a $63.1 billion market cap, as well as a 15.8 percent share of the total cryptocurrency market cap.  Ethereum Price Chart  Bitcoin Cash Price Leaves other Large-caps in the Dust  Most top-tier altcoins returned single-day performances that largely tracked with those of Bitcoin and Ethereum, though there was one notable exception: Bitcoin Cash.  The Bitcoin Cash price exploded by 19 percent on Monday, punctuating a weeklong surge that has seen BCH soar by 83 percent against the dollar. Bitcoin Cash is now trading at $1,394, which translates into a $23.9 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Cash Price Chart  It ’s unclear precisely what is fueling Bitcoin Cash ’s impressive rally, but it has brought the fourth-largest cryptocurrency within $10.4 billion of third-ranked Ripple, whose price declined two percent for the day and is currently valued at $0.87.  Altcoin Price Chart  Fifth-ranked EOS declined by one percent to $11.58 but managed to retain its edge on Litecoin, whose price rose by nearly one percent to $151.  Cardano and Stellar each declined by approximately two percent and are now trading at $0.28 and $0.37, respectively.  Next to Bitcoin Cash, IOTA posted the top-tier ’s most impressive return, rising five percent to $2.16.  NEO rounded out the top 10 with a one percent increase to $77, which allowed the cryptocurrency ’s market cap to inch across the $5 billion threshold, marking the first time in quite awhile that every top 10-cryptocurrency has held a circulating market cap above this level.  
DECREASE	   China Says It Has ‘Safely’ Shuttered ICOs, Cryptocurrency Exchanges Twitter  Chinese financial authorities, including the central bank and other regulators, are ramping up their broad crackdown on illegal fundraising activities.  In a news conference in Beijing on Monday, Chinese authorities said they will keep a close watch on interest rates charged by companies and financial firms in the private sector to increase their scrutiny on illegal fundraising.  In particular, the People’s Bank of China, the country’s central bank, said it will continue to curtail risks from financing over the internet after stating it had ‘safely closed down’ all initial coin offering (ICO) platforms and cryptocurrency exchanges in the country, Reuters  reports .  As reported previously, China first issued  a blanket ban  on all domestic ICO platforms on September 4, 2017, quickly following the ruling with restrictions to effectively  shutter  the domestic cryptocurrency trading industry.  China’s crypto clamps last year  largely began  early in January, soon after bitcoin hit a then-celebrated  high of $1000  at the time. The move has largely neutered China’s influence on global cryptocurrency prices after once accounting for over 90% of trading as recently as 2016.  However, research from China’s internet finance association  revealed  that Chinese citizens were continuing to participate in crypto trading through exchanges and ICO platforms overseas. In February, a PBoC-affiliated newspaper revealed Chinese authorities were moving to  block all websites , both domestic and foreign, related to cryptocurrency trading and ICOs.  In what is effectively seen as its  final crackdown , Chinese authorities began targeting domestic crypto traders by checking their bank accounts with the added threat of having their assets frozen and even blocking them from the domestic financial system. All of which has seen Chinese authorities largely curtail crypto trading, even if they’ve come short of completely eradicating it altogether.  Meanwhile, financial scams involving illegal fundraising is particularly rampant in China, raking in an estimated $36.5 billion (251.1 billion yuan) in 2016, spread over 5,000 new criminal cases  according  to a Chinese state-run news agency. Over 30 percent of those cases were found to related to private investment platforms.  
DECREASE	   Germany ’s 2nd Largest Stock Exchange Launches Crypto Trading App Twitter  The Bison app, which was developed by Boerse Stuttgart, will be available to cryptocurrency traders in the fall. Germany is taking the lead among retail exchanges tapping into the cryptocurrency base.  Sowa Labs, a fintech subsidiary of Boerse Stuttgart, Germany ’s second largest stock exchange for retail derivatives, has launched Bison, a mobile app for trading cryptocurrencies. Bison will support trading in bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple and Litecoin. More coins will be supported soon.  The Bison app rivals the likes of Robinhood in that there are zero trading fees. Meanwhile, it ’s a sign of the times that retail exchanges are starting to emerge from the sidelines to participate in the rise of cryptocurrencies.  “It is the first crypto app in the world to have a traditional stock exchange behind it, ” according to Sowa Labs Managing Director Ulli Spankowski  quoted in Finextra .  Meanwhile, the fact that Bison is backed by a leading regional exchange bolsters its profile for user security. It ’s not just a fly-by-night trading platform.  Bison ’s key feature is zero trading fees.  “Users can trade cryptocurrencies for free in the app, ” said Spankowski. The exchange added that  “crypto wallets are not needed. ” Instead, users can simply download the app to start trading.  Source: Bisonapp.de  Traders will have to wait till September, the  press release states , at which time the app will be available for no charge. Bison is being unveiled this weekend in prototype format at a Stuttgart trade fair for investors. The mobile interface is currently in the German language but an English version is planned as well.  Simple ID Verification  Traders often bemoan the hoops they have to go through to trade bitcoin and altcoins under know-your-customer (KYC) and anti-money laundering (AML) protocols, although it ’s for their own security. One of the key features that Bison boasts is a simple identity verification process, which could be a real selling point for traders whose transactions and funds have been stuck at other trading platforms.  “BISON also significantly reduces the complexity of registration and proof of identity. While the opening of a user account usually took several days, the use of BISON takes only a few minutes before it is released for trading, ” according to Spankowski.  They also plan a Cryptoradar tool, which is a social media tool that aggregates more than a quarter-of-a-million tweets and analyzes the  “mood ” of cryptocurrency investors. Here ’s a look at Cryptoradar  –  Source: bisonapp.de  Sowa labs developed the cryptocurrency app on the heels of a survey with more than 1,000 users who expressed a need for  “easy access to the crypto market. ” Sowa Labs is a division of Boerse Stuttgart Digital Ventures, which was created to back fintech startups.  
DECREASE	   Indiegogo-based ICO Fan Controlled Football League Inks Twitch Streaming Deal Twitter  The Fan Controlled Football League (FCFL), the first token sale held on Indiegogo’s new initial coin offering (ICO) platform, has inked a two-year deal with streaming service Twitch to broadcast games live.  According to  Fox Sports , the eight-team indoor football league’s hour-long games  — which will be played in a production studio on a 50-yard field  — will be produced by IMG Original Content, a production company owned by the same entertainment conglomerate as the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).  That FCFL games will be streamed on Twitch is fitting, as the league seeks to bridge the gap between traditional sporting events and the burgeoning e-sports industry.  Unlike with traditional sports, fans will play a central role in the management of their favorite teams, from choosing logos and team names to voting on player and staff personnel decisions. Additionally, using an interactive video overlay available through Twitch, fans will have the ability to vote in real time on what plays the team should run.  As CCN  reported , the FCFL was the first  — and so far, only  — startup to conduct a token sale through Indiegogo’s recently-launched ICO investment platform. The company raised more than $5 million during its utility token presale, and it has said that it plans to hold its main sale during 2018 as it gears up for the inaugural season of the FCFL.  The company’s FAN token will play an integral part in the FCFL ecosystem. Token ownership will be one metric used to distribute coaching influence among fans, and users can also earn tokens by streaming the games and interacting with the platform through in-game voting and other participation opportunities.  Indiegogo, meanwhile, has yet to host a second ICO, though executives have said that they have seen a  “ deluge of interest ” from companies  — including Fortune 500 firms  — interested in hosting their ICOs on the platform.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Nobel Laureate Economist Robert Shiller Calls Bitcoin ‘Sort Of A Bubble’ Twitter  Robert Shiller, a Nobel Prize-winning economist, called bitcoin a “sort of bubble,” which is not to say it will burst.  Shiller, the 2013 recipient of the Nobel Prize in Economics for his work in “Trendspotting In Asset Markets,” made his comments on an interview for  CNBC .  Shiller made his remarks shortly after  bitcoin recorded a 15.94 percent increase in value, from $6,900 to $8,000.  The price rose by $1,100 within a 30-minute window, as massive buy volumes emerged.  “It may be with us for a while,” Shiller said. “To me it’s another example of faddish human behavior.” He called it glamorous, but said he doesn’t mean to dismiss it.  “But it’s a story that I think goes way beyond the merit of the idea,” he said, adding that the reason people are excited about bitcoin is more psychological than something that can be explained by the computer science department.  ‘Part Of It Is Political ’  “I think that part of it is political,” he said, noting that it’s an area that economists tend to neglect. “There’s a big element of people who don’t trust the government anymore, and they like the idea that this didn’t come from the government. It came from some real smart computer scientists.”  “It’s a great story for today’s markets,” he said.  Shiller’s comments are consistent with others he has made in the past. In 2014  he called bitcoin an “inspiration”  because of the computer science, but as a currency he said it would return us “to the dark ages.”  Shiller predicted both the dot-com bubble and the housing bubble. Prior to the popping of both of those bubbles, he published “Irrational Exuberance” that detailed the coming crashes.  Also read:  If Robert Shiller really thinks bitcoin is a bubble, he will be publishing a book about it  Shiller Joins The Naysayers  Shiller is among several market watchers to question bitcoin’s long-term viability.  Ken Griffin, the billionaire founder and CEO of the Citadel hedge fund management firm,  compared bitcoin’s December price surge to the tulip bulb bubble  centuries ago in Holland.  Others naysayers include Jim Cramer, former hedge fund manager, best-selling author and host of Mad Money; Nouriel Roubini, an economics professor at New York University’s Stern School of Business; Katsunori Sago, the chief investment officer at Japan Post Bank; Societe Generale Deputy CEO Severin Cabannes; and Credit Suisse CEO Tidjane Thiam.  The most infamous quote of all is left to JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, who said bitcoin is a fraud, while Morgan Stanley chairman and CEO James Gorman has said bitcoin doesn’t quite deserve the attention it is getting.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Kenya ’s Central Bank Warns Against Cryptocurrency Twitter  As the regulatory debate continues mainly between government agencies and cryptocurrency protagonists, the Central Bank of Kenya (CBK), through its Governor, Patrick Njoroge joins in the campaign towards slowing down the propagation of Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies.  A Recurrent Warning  Njoroge told legislators on Thursday that he had sent a circular to all banks warning them on the dangers of dealing in virtual currencies.  According  to him while addressing the National Assembly Committee on Finance at Parliament Buildings, the circular cautioned the banks against dealing in virtual currencies or transacting with entities that are engaged in virtual currencies.  This is not the first time that the CBK is getting involved in moves to discourage the country’s citizens from getting involved in what has been popularly described as a risky venture by most regulators. It can be recalled that in December 2015, the consumer protection concerns led CBK to issue a notice warning the public against virtual currencies such as Bitcoin.  These warnings are not peculiar to the CBK alone or to Kenya. In a  previous article on CCN , it was reported how the Manager at Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC) warned citizens of the lack of insurance on any investment in virtual currencies, qualifying them as very risky ventures that are not backed by any physical commodity, such as gold or other precious stones.  In the same trend, just last Wednesday, World Bank Group Senior Vice President Mahmoud Mohieldin said that Blockchain technology may have many good uses in the world, but Bitcoin “could be the biggest bubble in history.” This statement reinforces the recurring question that seeks to address if blockchain technology can be isolated from cryptocurrencies, and how possible it is t o adopt the technology without implementing its underlying tokens  – cryptocurrencies.  Yes to the Blockchain, no to Cryptocurrency  If one would study the tone of these spokespersons in their criticisms so far, it is easy to deduce that while they may have warned against the adoption of these tokens as elements of value, hence investment vehicles or currencies for transaction, none has outrightly noted on the possibility of token extinction. Therefore, adopting the technology and denying the value of their  underlying tokens introduces an entirely different dynamics to the debate.  Imagine the possibility of accessing and implementing specific blockchains and acquiring their underlying tokens at absolutely no costs. This will automatically redefine the total industrial dynamics of the ecosystem. The questions that would arise in such cases would be the basis of token supply and distribution, and the possibility of maintaining order within such an industry , without a marketplace.  Finding Equilibrium  Considering the current stage in the development of blockchain technology, the existing debates and resistances can be considered as normal and beneficial challenges. So far, there have been improved protocols that reflect more balanced implementations, compared to the very early blockchains. These can be credited to research and development exercises, born out of criticisms su ch as seen from regulatory agencies.  While the industry continues to grow and traditional systems try to find the most appropriate ways to get involved, the role of cryptocurrencies need to be properly defined. Rather than the initial hype by most enthusiasts of the new technology, or the blanket condemnation by traditional agencies, more objective steps are necessary. This will ensure a better defined ecosystem w here maximum value can be achieved from a technology that is quickly finding universal approval.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Blockchain Integration Will Improve Corporate Efficiency and Transparency Twitter  The implications of using distributed ledger technology to track the lifecycle of products and services are  staggering . Businesses are already increasing the efficiency, security, and transparency of their brands by integrating Blockchain technology into their existing production and shipping processes.  Before Blockchain  Supply management has always been one of the most important logistical hurdles for product-based businesses. Companies and end users alike have long speculated on the helpfulness of maintaining records that indicate the full life-cycle of individual products. Data such as where parts and materials were sourced, time of assembly, and even general notes taken during maintenance o r ongoing inspections of quality would make it possible to determine the integrity of each individual product on a granular level. Recording the events in a products life cycle would also introduce the ability to track points of failure and inefficiency, making it easier for corporations to improve the competency of their manufacturing, delivery, and maintenance processes.  Until recently, however, the burden of labor was far too great to track any but the most critical of supply data. The most prevalent roadblock has been the problem of efficiency. Using current resource planning systems, all relevant data must be collected, parsed, organized, stored, and recalled manually by employees operating at different levels of a company. In cases such as  shipping, this data will often even be manually accessed by second and third party companies as the product journeys from its origin to destination. Employing people to log these tasks is an expensive and time consuming endeavor. Of the limited information that is currently retained, it is rarely available or transparent to customers.  New Technology, Old World  To comprehend how the integration of Blockchain technology would benefit our existing business landscape, it is important to first understand  how distributed ledgers work  in practice. Information is traditionally stored in a manually updated database. The records in this database are controlled by a centralized party that is responsible for their accuracy, organization, and dissemination. However, because such databases are manually maintained, they are prone to both human error and machination. For this reason, it is reasonable to doubt the ac curacy of these records.  Speaking on the efficiency and transparency of Blockchain technology, Stefan Schmidt, the CTO of  Unibright  states:  “Integrating the Blockchain with existing ERP systems enables enterprises to source existing data and share it in an immutable, secure, and trusted manner. What this means for corporations and their consumers is higher quality products, sourced in exceptionally cost effective ways, with a far greater level of accountability. The significance of Blockchain business integration c annot be understated ”.  Blockchain technology improves on the traditional model by distributing database records between many different points of failure. Not only does the distribution of this information make it more transparent, it also ensures that the events recorded within each database are provably true. Blockchain integration also removes the manual component from data entry by allowing event  instances to record themselves to the database in real time by way of smart contracts that self-execute when predetermined parameters have been met. As each piece of data is entered into the product’s life cycle record, it instantly becomes accessible to anyone with an internet connection and the appropriate block explorer.  Infinite Use Cases  With improved transparency also comes the potential for greater consumer safety. Stefan has made certain to note just how many different business categories benefit from distributed ledger integration in this way. As an example, he mentions how the transparency of batch tracing could be improved for perishable goods, such as food and beverages. A brewery could integrate the Blo ckchain into their existing batch tracing framework and share the collected information with customers as a way of ensuring the quality and freshness of their beer on a bottle-to-bottle basis. Customers could then determine with a high degree of certainty that the label on the bottle is  truly representative  of the product they are purchasing.  Another use case that is frequently touted by industry insiders is Asset Life Cycle management. Imagine if, when buying a car, you could know within seconds where, when, and how the vehicle was built. Information about the vehicle’s driver history, maintenance, and quality assessments would be at your fingertips. Someday, if you chose to sell the car to another driver, they too  would have access to transparent, up-to-the-minute data for the vehicle. They would be able to see how often it had been taken in for repairs, how long it had been active on the road, and even access accident and damage reports accumulated over the car’s lifespan with a level of  unparalleled accuracy .  Problems Left to Solve  While businesses are exploring Blockchain integration more today than ever before, the technology is still far from mass adoption. Though the technology is free and open source, it also requires a high level of knowledge and practical expertise in order to implement anything useful for businesses or consumers. For now, the necessity of this expertise has created a barrier to en try that even the biggest corporations are tentative to cross. As Blockchain integrations become easier for existing businesses to perform however, the improvements to efficiency, safety, and transparency will compound to an undeniable point. Once that happens, it won’t be long before we no longer remember a time that the world wasn’t run on Blockchain.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	    Bitcoin Under The Skin  – Why People Are Using Subdermal Microchip Wallets Twitter  Dutchman Martijn Wismeijer is very cautious when it comes to storing Bitcoin  – so much so that in 2014, he had two NFC (near field communication) chips surgically implanted into each hand to store his encrypted Bitcoin keys.  Wismeijer stated a number of reasons for the drastic method of storing crypto, saying he had lost the majority of his Bitcoin over the years to exchange failure, hacking, and theft.  “I can safely say most of the bitcoin, more than 80 percent, I have lost due to hacks, thefts, exchanges gone bad and other problems. If I would ’ve had the chip in 2010, I ’d probably be a rich man by now. ”  However, Wismeijer was also simply curious about the idea of storing his digital currency in his skin, telling  IBTimes  “I did it because I wanted to experiment with strong bitcoins using subdermal implants because that’s what I thought would be the Holy Grail of contactless payments. ”  He had the procedure done at a body piercing studio, which he recommends to anyone wishing to have the procedure done. The chips are manufactured from glass and measure 2mm x 12mm end to end, the size of a small grain of rice. Wismeijer said the process was less painful than an IV drip injection, and pointed out that the procedure is commonly carried out on household pets with  no issues.   @ralphtheninja  Correct. They are two NTAG216 NFC tags and experimented with Bitcoin and other crypto.  pic.twitter.com/hajMRdoisG  — Martijn Wismeijer (@twiet)  November 11, 2014      The NFC chips store 888 bytes of data each, which is enough storage for 26 encrypted Bitcoin address keys. Wismeijer says he uses his chips every day to make purchases  – the process involves scanning the chips with his smartphone to receive and then decrypt the keys in order to make a transaction. The keys can be removed and replaced with new keys for other cryptocurrencies remotely with a smartphone, and encryption prevents people from simply scanning Wisemeijer ’s hands to read his keys.  Because of the attention he ’s received, he never stores large amounts on the chips to prevent being targeted by thieves, but he says that he ’s not the only one storing digital currencies in this way. Wismeijer owns  General Bytes,  a company that installs Bitcoin ATMs in locations throughout the world.  After being featured in the news, many of his employees followed suit, and Wismeijer says he knows  “at least 50 ” individuals in the Prague area alone using subdermal Bitcoin wallets.   While the method may seem drastic, Bitcoin security is an important issue. Reportedly up to  23% of all Bitcoin has already been irreversibly lost , leading people to take their security very seriously indeed.  Though FDA approved, the process is apparently not without its risks, with certain  studies potentially linking NFC chips to cancer . However, the health risks will not deter everyone, and years later people continue to follow Wismeijer ’s lead in taking the ultimate security precaution to protect their Bitcoin.  Featured image from Twitter/ Martijn Wismeijer.  
DECREASE	   Bermuda Outlines Cryptocurrency Regulations to Attract Entrepreneurs Twitter  Bermuda  is moving forward on virtual currency legislation as it seeks to attract fintech entrepreneurs, the country’s Minister of National Security noted during an overview of its proposed fintech regulatory framework at the Bermuda Underwater Exploration Institute, according to the  Royal Gazette .  The minister, Wayne Caines, gave the presentation to a standing-room-only audience. Next month, the Virtual Currency Business Act is scheduled for discussion.  Virtual Currency Law Proposed  The Virtual Currency Business Act has been proposed despite the fact that there are no examples to follow, said Kevin Anderson of the Bermuda Monetary Authority, the financial-services regulator.  The act will be a “shining example” for what Bermuda can accomplish, he said. A 150-page  paper  on the Virtual Currency Business Act was posted on the BMA’s website. Feedback must be submitted by May 2.  The VCBA defines “virtual currency business” as the provision of the following activities: issuing, selling or redeeming virtual coins, tokens or any other form of virtual currency. This would include an  ICO  business on behalf of customers. The act would also cover payment service providers, defined as: “a person whose business includes the provision of services for the transfer of funds.”  It would also cover virtual currency exchanges, virtual currency wallets, and virtual currency services vendors, defined as any business providing specific virtual currency-related services to the public. The legislation will address the intersection of cryptocurrency and fiat, preventing fraud and market manipulation, the integrity of cryptocurrency owners, clear descriptions  of the risks for prospective investors, BMA enforcement powers, Caines said.  Entrepreneurs Flock To Bermuda  The government is finding it hard to keep up with the number of people who want to come to Bermuda as it plans to regulate virtual currency, Caines said. He said it is “phenomenal” that the government is going to London this weekend where it will meet with 20 interested companies.  Cryptocurrency entrepreneurs want to see rules in what is a mostly unregulated part of the global finance industry, said Lydia Dickens, manager of government’s business development unit. She said the entrepreneurs are looking for legal certainty. John Narraway, a tech entrepreneur and member of the Government’s Blockchain Business Development Working Group, agreed, noting that  foreigners are more interested in regulatory certainty than tax advantages.  ICO Legislation Tabled  Meanwhile, ICO legislation, scheduled for discussion tomorrow, has been tabled. The ICO legislation will require the Minister of Finance’s consent for ICOs. ICO issuers will have to collect, verify and retain customer identity information.  Last year, Bermuda’s Premier and Finance Minister, David Burt,  launched the Blockchain Task Force . It included a legal and regulatory working group to ensure that the country creates a blockchain-friendly environment for interested organizations and startups.  Whether an ICO falls within BMA’s regulatory boundaries can only be decided on a case-by-case basis, the agency noted in a January  press release . It noted there are no requirements ICOs must comply with at the present time. It further noted that existing financial regulations do not apply to unregulated ICOs. The BMA encourages the investing public to be prudent and mindful of their accountability for their actions in this increasingly fast-moving and complex landscape.  Also read:  Bermuda plans to become the firsts country to regulate ICOs  More To Come  The government will also attempt to establish a Bermuda E-ID scheme this year. This will be a national digital identification program for businesses and residents that will strengthen the country’s fintech credentials. It will include rules for cryptocurrency exchanges.  The Caribbean Financial Action Task Force will assess Bermuda’s anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing measures. Anderson said the BMA would hire more staff.  The national ID scheme will eliminate the need for multiple hard copies of documents and to give individuals control over their data. A single aggregation platform will allow people to comply with Know Your Customer and Anti Money Laundering rules.  The scheme will speed up customer verification for banks and financial services and enable fast-track immigration. Caines said fintech-related legislation could be released every other month.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Experts Predict Bitcoin Price to Reach $25,000 by 2018, $250,000 by 2022 Twitter  The bitcoin price crossed the $8,000 mark earlier this week, supported by a massive spike in buy volumes across all major cryptocurrency exchanges. Analysts explained that a sudden surge in demand from institutional investors and inflow of new capital may have triggered the surge in the bitcoin price.  $250,000 by 2022  On April 13, CCN reported that billionaire venture capitalist, early investor in some of the most successful technology companies like SpaceX, and cryptocurrency angel investor  Tim Draper predicted  the bitcoin price to achieve $250,000 by the end of 2022.   A price of $250,000 would lead to a $5 trillion market valuation of bitcoin. At its peak, the cryptocurrency market was valued at around $900 billion. It would require the bitcoin price to increase by more than 31-fold within a 4-year span for it to surpass $250,000.  When Draper initially released his long-term goal for his bitcoin investment, the cryptocurrency community and investors within the market shared the sentiment of Draper and agreed the $250,000 price target for bitcoin is a realistic goal, especially in the long-term.  Many investors in the cryptocurrency market are not in it for short-term profits. If that had been the case, the vast majority of investors should have cashed out in December 2017. Economists can argue the cryptocurrency market was in a bubble and that investors did not cash out at the all-time high of the market in December because of greed.  But, investors like Peter Thiel and Tim Draper disagree. Investors did not pull out of the cryptocurrency market in December after seeing massive profits. They did not pull out because investors truly believed the maximum potential of the cryptocurrency market will not end as a $900 billion market.  For bitcoin to evolve into a reserve currency as said by Twitter CEO Jack, Draper, and Thiel, it needs to hit a multi-trillion dollar market and compete with traditional assets like gold in terms of market valuation. The liquidity of the entire cryptocurrency market is nowhere near the liquidity of stock markets like the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and Nasdaq.  If bitcoin can evolve into a major currency that is used by billions of users, retailers, merchants, restaurants, cafes, businesses, and more, it will easily achieve a multi-trillion dollar market valuation. This potential of bitcoin is shared by investors like Draper, who truly understand the vision of cryptocurrencies and decentralized financial networks.  Mid-Term  In the mid-term, Wall Street analyst and Fundstrat founder Tom Lee stated that the bitcoin price will likely achieve $25,000 by the end of 2018, as it rebounds from its correction and achieves a new all-time high.  “We still feel pretty confident that bitcoin is a great risk-reward and we think it could reach $25,000 by the end of the year,” said Lee.  Already, within a three-day period, the bitcoin price has recorded a 15 percent increase in value, from $6,900 to $8,000. If the momentum of bitcoin can be sustained throughout April and throughout the rest of the year, a recovery above its previous all-time high is possible.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Opinion: We are at the End of another Cryptocurrency Downward Trend Twitter  Since the beginning of 2018, the price of Bitcoin has been one of the most popularly discussed topics within the cryptocurrency ecosystem. The reason for this is not far-fetched as there has been a huge slump in price and a downward pressure that defeats the expectations of many.  An Influx of Speculators  Besides the underlying technology and the various ICOs that erupted towards the end of 2017, the steady rise in the price of Bitcoin and other major cryptocurrencies attracted a significant amount of new money. Majority of the new money was from speculative investors who got in primarily for the promise of cashing in at higher prices in the short term. Unfortunately for these c lass of investors, the slump in price of over 60% from Bitcoin’s all time high means that they have either recouped their investments at a loss, or are  “HODLING ” in the hope of a rise in price.  No matter the individual perceptions, the obtainable situation is indeed having a significant effect on the ecosystem. While most of the newbies remain confused and wallow in panic as to what may become of the cryptocurrency market, the more experienced players seem unperturbed.  A Normal Market Behaviour  Having acknowledged that 2017 was definitely a breakout year for Bitcoin, and its creation of unprecedented excitement and wealth in the cryptocurrency space, the founder of  Netcoins , Michael Vogel notes that the current development is normal with the crypto space. Vogel elaborates that on a percentage basis, the industry has seen similar corrections throughout Bitcoin history. Notably these included periods following November 2013, and even May, June and September of 2017 which all experienced significant corrections. That being said, he points out that B itcoin is still up close to 800% in the past twelve months so traders don ’t need to be that morose!  “For the most part, I don ’t think this most recent correction is any different than corrections in previous years. These corrections are in fact how Bitcoin will truly establish itself as a sustainable asset class” , says Vogel.  In all of this, Vogel remains positive that in 2018 we will continue to see many valuable applications built that use Bitcoin as a backbone, and building products of substance will continue Bitcoin on it ’s established pathway to success well into the future.  Crypto Prices Remain a Major Crux  Alexander Lobanov, managing partner and board member of USP Capital Ltd. and VanHealthing Crypto Fund of Biotech Innovations upholds that the price of Bitcoin, as well as prices of other leading cryptocurrencies, remains a major crux. Lobanov notes that even the fate of Ethereum is giving the crypto community quite some concern.  Lobanov tells CCN that the negative sentiments expressed by the crypto community and novice traders reveal that the market is indeed already tired from the downtrend.  “I share the opinion that after the sharp rise period, an objective consolidation process took place , says Lobanov.  “At the same time, the regulatory authorities were very active and added a negative sentiment to the market” .  Contributing to the difficulties faced by cryptocurrencies, many crypto market players started to pay a lot of fiat obligations including tax obligations. These developments resulted in a significant decrease of the new cash inflows with an expectation of quick and high profits. During the last four months, one could make a profit only due to the regular, active and cold-minded  trading. During this time, a crypto trader should have kept his finger on the trigger, and all his/her emotions under control.  Lobanov also opines that the market ’s  “tiredness ” as well as the regulators ’ attention to the crypto markets influenced in its turn upon the ICOs ’ market. Nonetheless, nothing is eternal. Not a constant growth in the increment of 100%, not a period of a decrease and stagnation.  “I am sure that we are at the end of the next cycle of correction and stagnation. The new spring is blooming. Right now one can see non-typical growth of crypto-currencies which has not become a trend yet. I think that it is the beginning of a new growth cycle” , says Lobanov.  The ICO market is Changing Irreversibly  As for the ICO market, Lobanov believes that the situation has irreversibly started to change to a more thorough and professional project ’s development, especially with respect to their appraisal by the crypto-community as well as by the regulators. He notes that the time of hype ICO collections without any projects ’ substance is over and we will see them in a more  “reliable ” format in the near future.  The innovations in the blockchain area have not been exhausted yet. We have finally received Lighting network. New products and solutions on its basis are also coming up. The big corporations like  IBM have started investing into Blockchain . The Ethereum platform has seen significant changes such as a transfer to the Proof-of-Stake, network scaling up and exploring the methods to return stolen or frozen assets. The Waves team intends to introduce enormous changes in the platform ’s work such as innovative consensus algorithm, smart contracts ’ service, improved Lite-client interface and many more.  Thus, these technological innovations that are springing up are expected to boost a positive impulse to the whole market in the near future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Here ’s What It Costs to Get John McAfee to Promote Your ICO Twitter  How much does it cost to get a “crypto influencer” to promote your initial coin offering (ICO) on social media? The answer might surprise you.  Specific figures are rarely discussed publicly. ICO operators don’t like to reveal how much they are spending on marketing, while promoters often prefer to delay pricing discussions until after they have had the opportunity to make a sales pitch.  However, eccentric cybersecurity pioneer  John McAfee  has spent a lifetime bucking convention, and that has not changed now that he is operating  McAfee Crypto Team , an ICO marketing service.  According to the company’s website, McAfee Crypto team is a full-service ICO promoter that offers whitepaper support, web optimization, marketing, and strategic advice.  While prices for many of the services are not listed, one that is will likely raise some eyebrows. Clients can pay $105,000 to have McAfee tweet about their ICO to his 811,000 followers  — at least some of whom are likely bots.  That’s $437 per character, in case you were wondering.  “John McAfee’s tweets are by far the most influential in the field of cryptocurrency, ” the website says.  “Few leaders in the Crypto community can come close to Mr. McAfee ’s reach into the heart of the cryptocurrency investor community. ”  The website further makes the somewhat-dubious claim that this is the “least costly” way to market a cryptocurrency project.  “Given Mr. McAfee ’s price of $105,000 per tweet, the cost per investor reached is the least costly of any marketing avenue in the Crypto world. Considering only his own followers, the cost per investor reached is $0.13. Considering his reach beyond his own followers, the cost per investor reached is frequently less than a penny. This is orders of magnitude less than any other approach,” the sit e claims.  Despite the hefty price tag, the company claims that so many projects have expressed interest that it has had to institute a $750 registration fee to prevent staff from being overwhelmed with applications.  Responding to critics, McAfee denied that he has  “sold out ” and said that he only promotes projects that he believes in.  “They say I sold out  ’cause I use my tweets to promote, but the last 200 ICOs that lined up, we rejected 195 and chose 5, ” he wrote on  Twitter , adding that all applications undergo an audit.  “I only promote what I believe. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Vitalik Buterin Makes (Semi-)Legitimate Proposal on Capping Ether Supply Twitter  Ethereum’s most well-known founder and, perhaps, most benevolent influence-wielder is starting April off the way he normally does:  cracking jokes . But after the joke itself played out on Github via Buterin’s Ethereum Improvement Proposal (EIP) #960 — the joke being, according to Buterin, to laugh at how many people argued the “realness” of the proposal, rather than the proposal itself, things got interesting because Buterin volunteered that he had begun to change his feelings on the matter of Ethereum supply.  Buterin called this a “meta” joke, and did appear to illustrate an important point, that in the cryptocurrency community we often fail to address the matter at hand, but a lot of related issues instead. Within the discussion of the community leader’s proposal can be found discussion of Ethereum price, Buterin himself, other blockchain designs, and, of course, plenty of discussion about economic theory.   For those still wondering whether or not  https://t.co/z44anVrOuT  was an April Fool 's joke, the answer is: it was an April Fool 's meta-joke. 
DECREASE	   Robinhood Launches Commission-Free Crypto Trading in 4 US States Twitter  Investors can now trade bitcoin and Ethereum for free in a handful of US states. As promised, Palo Alto, Calif-based online brokerage Robinhood Financial has rolled out commission-free trading for bitcoin and Ethereum across California, Massachusetts, Missouri and Montana, the company said on Twitter. As  CCN previously reported , users will still be responsible for fees charged by the underlying exchanges. But you can ’t beat the quick access to funds.  There may have been some kinks with the launch of Robinhood Crypto, as evidenced by Twitter followers in roll-out states who complained they still didn ’t have access. Others said the app, which in addition to cryptocurrencies supports stocks, options and ETF trading, is working like a charm.   Commission-free Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH) trading is now rolled out and available to investors in California, Massachusetts, Missouri, and Montana. Stay tuned for more updates!  — Robinhood (@RobinhoodApp)  April 2, 2018   Robinhood Crypto ’s expansion gives more competition to the hundreds of other bitcoin exchanges investors have to choose from, including US-based Coinbase, which is among the leading trading platforms and  currently boasts  more than 20 million users and more than $150 billion in trades. Coinbase ’s US trading fees are between 1.5% to 4%.  Instead of generating revenue from fees,  Robinhood relies on  interest accrued in user accounts plus a fee- and tier-based subscription model for users who upgrade to Robinhood Gold for higher instant deposit amounts and access to borrowed funds for trading. Robinhood isn ’t 100% dedicated to cryptocurrencies, as they also support stock market investing. But even before cryptocurrencies, their approach has been to cut out hefty fees associated with investing so  “not just the wealthy ” benefit from brokerage advice and tools, as per the website.  More States, More Altcoins  Robinhood ’s Twitter followers were quick to ask when the platform would open to investors in other states such as Florida and when they will add more altcoins. But considering that in one week ’s time more than 1 million investors preregistered for this moment and millions still were placed on a waiting list, Robinhood has just made the day for many US traders.  Robinhood Crypto was also  expected to reach New Hampshire , but Robinhood also said the rollout would be  “gradual, ” adding that  they plan to   “release crypto trading functionality in many more states later. ” They also plan to support more altcoins in time. It ’s available on Android and iOS.  Courtesy: Robinhood Website  While traders are limited to trading BTC and ETH, they can access market data on more than a dozen altcoins. Robinhood Crypto offers features like  ‘instant access ” to funds via deposits or stock sales, which is a streamlined approach that traders are sure to like versus the alternative of waiting for their funds to arrive on other platforms.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Rebounds to $7,000 But Other Cryptocurrencies Continue to Struggle Twitter  The bitcoin price has rebounded to $7,050 as the cryptocurrency market has recorded a gain of $13 billion. Ethereum, Ripple, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, and other major cryptocurrencies have also recorded a daily increase in value.  Bear Cycle  The cryptocurrency market is going through a bear cycle, and speculators who previously sought for 10 to 100-fold returns within a three to six-month period have left the market. In countries like South Korea, celebrities who were actively trading bitcoin a few months ago have offered public apology, distorting the image of bitcoin and the rest of the cryptocurrency market.   Speculators tend to over exaggerate their response when the market goes up or down, out of FOMO (fear of missing out) or panic, which is one of the primary reasons why the cryptocurrency market tends to see extreme volatility on both upside and downward movements.  Over the past three months, since the correction has begun in January, the downward movement in the cryptocurrency market has been exaggerated. Massive sell volumes were demonstrated and the market recorded a correction of around 72 percent. The recent correction has been the third worst correction in the history of the market.   But, the exact same trend was seen many times before, and each time the market had corrected itself, it recovered. In 2014, that recovery period took around a year. During this correction, after reaching its bottom at exactly $6,000, bitcoin price has been volatile in the $7,000 to $8,000 range, sometimes dipping below $7,000 and moving above $8,000.  Evidently, investors have been uncertain about the short-term trend of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. In a period like this, fundamentals are important and cryptocurrency adoption is particularly crucial.   In South Korea and Japan, despite the negative image of bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market, the adoption rate of digital currencies is on the rise. Japan’s largest electronics retailer Bic Camera has been accepting bitcoin for many months, the country’s largest budget airline and hotel chain Capsule are integrating bitcoin, and South Korea’s third biggest e-commerce platform is integrating 12 cryptocurrencies.  Based on transaction volume, trading volume, and search engine interests, the cryptocurrency market is undoubtedly experiencing a bear cycle, and it could take a few months before major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin can recover to its previous levels.  Stability Needed  Still, several analysts remain positive on the mid-term trend of bitcoin. Nick Cote, a cryptocurrency trader, stated that bitcoin could test the $7,700 level in the upcoming days, and if it sustain its momentum, it could move back to the $8,000 region.  Currently, most cryptocurrencies in the market are moving in a correlated manner, and the vast majority of assets are following the price trend of bitcoin. Unified price movements of cryptocurrencies signals an unstable and immature market, and until cryptocurrencies begin to move in different directions, it seems as if the market would continue to remain unstable and highly volatile.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   South Korea Plans to Announce Cryptocurrency Tax Plan by June 2018 Twitter  South Korea’s ministry of strategy and finance is reportedly planning to announce a cryptocurrency taxation framework by June’s end this year. The government is expected to begin taxation in 2019.  In the aftermath of the recently concluded Finance Ministers’ meeting at this year’s G20 summit, South Korea is planning to unveil its cryptocurrency tax plan alongside the G20’s own plan to field recommendations for  regulating the crypto sector by July 2018 .  According to Korean publication  Financial News , the Ministry of Strategy and Finance is considering crypto adopters’ capital gains tax and other income taxes as possible inclusions for its tax plan.  An official from the ministry stated:  We do not have a specific time frame, but we are thinking about announcing a virtual money tax in the first half of the year.  Among other proposals, the ministry is looking at levying a tax on profits generated by the sale of cryptocurrencies. If any income stemming from crypto transactions is seen as ‘temporary and irregular’, other forms of income taxes are reportedly being considered.  ‘In order to tax the income accruing from a virtual currency transaction, it is necessary to amend the income tax law to add it [to the category of] taxable objects,” the report notably added, suggesting a tweak of existing taxation law to include cryptocurrency transactions under its purview. The Tax Division of the Ministry of Information and Communication is expected to subm it a proposal to revise the taxation bill at the National Assembly in August this year to pave the way for cryptocurrency taxation to kick in from 2019.  South Korea’s taxation ministry has been studying crypto-taxation approaches taken by other countries by sending staff to nations including Japan, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States.  As Korean authorities seek to  normalize cryptocurrency transactions , allaying previous fears of  a ban  on domestic exchanges and crypto transactions, the Financial News report also hints at the government planning ‘full-scale” crypto regulation following the country’s elections in June.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Investor: Banks [Goldman Sachs] Entering Crypto Will Lead to Bitcoin Price Surge Twitter  Jon Matonis, a co-founder of Bitcoin Foundation and executive at VISA, stated that the entrance of major banks and financial institutions like Goldman Sachs will lead to an increase in the liquidity of bitcoin, and ultimately, the bitcoin price.  “I think it ’s fabulous that they ’re getting into it because it brings in new liquidity. They ’re going to develop futures markets, options markets, I even think you ’re going to start to see interest rate markets around bitcoin. We ’re used to hearing things about Libor, the index for bitcoin interest rates is Bibor,”  said  Matonis.  When Will Banks Enter?  The cryptocurrency market is extremely volatile, both on the upside and downside. One of the primary reasons behind the extreme volatility of the market is its lack of liquidity. The daily trading volume of bitcoin and other major cryptocurrencies has substantially declined since a major correction occurred in January, along with the bitcoin price.  A significant drop in the daily volume of bitcoin has allowed whales and institutional investors in the futures market to manipulate the market, which is one of the reasons as to why the market has demonstrated correlated price movements over the past few months.  Recently, the Chicago Board Options Exchange (Cboe) has proposed to the US Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) to allow bitcoin exchange-traded funds (ETFs) on US stock markets like Nasdaq and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). The entrance of large financial institutions like Goldman Sachs will lead to more institutional and retail traders entering the cryptocurrency space.  As of current, the demand from institutional investors in the US is relatively high, but actual capital coming in to the cryptocurrency market from the public finance industry is almost non-existent. In Japan however, institutional investors are investing large sums of money in cryptocurrencies through trading platforms that specifically address retail traders.  Matonis further emphasized that to the skeptics that have described bitcoin as a bubble, bitcoin is not a bubble, but a pin that would pop the global financial bubble. He stated that equity markets and bond markets are the multi-trillion dollar bubbles that would inevitably burst in the mid-term.  “To the people who say bitcoin ’s a bubble, I would say bitcoin is the pin that ’s going to pop the bubble. The bubble is the insane bond markets and the fake equity markets that are propped up by the central banks. Those are the bubbles,” Matonis added.  It is uncertain though when major financial institutions will be ready to enter the market. Critically, the cryptocurrency market’s image over the past few months has been portrayed as a gambling ecosystem, especially by the mainstream media in regions like South Korea. If the market recovers in the short-term and cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin rebound to their all-time highs , banks will prepare to address the growing demand towards the market.  Bear Cycle  In a bear cycle or a slump, financial institutions will not be hurrying to enter the market, unless they want to establish themselves at the forefront of cryptocurrency development prior to their competitors. It would take at least a few months to see major banks enter the space. But, when they do, the cryptocurrency market will be equipped with significant liquidity and public  investment vehicles.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   April Fool’s: Vitalik Buterin Pranks Ethereum, Trolls Tron with ‘Meta’ EIP Twitter  Ethereum creator Vitalik Buterin has formally proposed implementing a currency cap into the cryptocurrency network’s next hard fork that alters block reward distributions  — well, sort of.  Vitalik Buterin Proposes 120 Million ETH Hard Cap  Writing on  GitHub , Buterin laid out an argument for phasing out Ethereum’s inflation rate by capping the max ETH supply at 120,204,432  — exactly double the amount of ether sold in the original sale.  “In order to ensure the economic sustainability of the platform under the widest possible variety of circumstances, and in light of the fact that issuing new coins to proof of work miners is no longer an effective way of promoting an egalitarian coin distribution or any other significant policy goal, I propose that we agree on a hard cap for the total quantity of ETH,” Buterin  wrote.  Noting that the motion was published on April 1, many readers questioned whether it was a serious proposal or a joke  — though some chose to debate its merits anyway.  Buterin revealed on Monday that it was indeed an April Fool’s Day prank  — a ‘meta-joke’ to get people to argue not about the proposal’s specifics but rather whether it was a serious proposal.   For those still wondering whether or not  https://t.co/z44anVrOuT  was an April Fool 's joke, the answer is: it was an April Fool 's meta-joke. 
DECREASE	   Thailand Reveals Tax Rates for Cryptocurrency Trading, Investments Twitter  Thailand’s Ministry of Finance has outlined its proposed tax rates for cryptocurrency trading and investments amid the ongoing legislative process to regulate and tax the sector.  Speaking after a weekly cabinet meeting on March 27, Thai finance minister Apisak Tantivorawong announced the government’s tax framework for cryptocurrencies that will reportedly encompass all retail trading and returns on cryptocurrency investments. Investors will be required to pay 7 percent in value-added tax (VAT) on all crypto trades alongside a 15% capital gains tax on re turns, the  Nikkei Asian Review  reported.  As  reported  previously in mid-March, the Cabinet of Thailand – the government’s executive branch – has already approved two royal decree drafts concerning the regulation of cryptocurrency transactions and enforcing taxes on crypto-related investments. The move to fast-track the new laws with the introduction of two royal decrees comes at the behest of Thailand’s deputy prime minister Wiss anu Krea-ngam calling for the cabinet to “ comprehensively regulate ” the nascent but growing domestic ICO and cryptocurrency sector.  The Nikkei report states that Thailand’s ruling military government is looking to regulate the cryptocurrency market to ‘slap investors dabbling in digital coins with taxes to prevent the expanding sector from being used for money laundering, tax evasion and other criminal activities.’ While the claim is true to a certain extent, deputy PM Wissanu has previously stressed that t he new laws aren’t meant to curb or prohibit cryptocurrency activity or ICOs in Thailand but safeguard adopters instead.  The government’s move to regulate the sector with a conservative, soft-touch approach has found support from former Thai finance minister Korn Chatikavanij who now serves as chairman of the Thai Fintech Association. “[T]hey have to be cautious not to allow their conservative instincts to result in draconian regulations”, the former finance minister told Nikkei.  Korn also warned of the growing trend of Thai entrepreneurs registering their startups in technology-forward destinations like Singapore that have demonstrated a friendlier regulatory climate for fundraising through initial coin offerings (ICOs).  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘BigCoin’: Major Budget Airline AirAsia is Developing a Cryptocurrency Twitter  Popular budget airline Air Asia has confirmed plans to foray into the fintech sector with the launch of a proprietary cryptocurrency called BigCoin.  In an interview with the  Nikkei Asian Review , AirAsia founder and chief executive Tony Fernandes underlined the airline’s plan to expand into new markets alongside the launch of BigCoin, a proprietary cryptocurrency that will see its own initial coin offering (ICO). It remains to be seen AirAsia is developing its own blockchain or intends to use an existing blockchain platform for BigCoin.  Based in Malaysia, Air Asia is south-east Asia’s largest budget airline by passenger traffic. The airline will turn its frequent flyer points into BigCoin, Fernandes said, before revealing that ticket prices on the airline’s website will be revealed in BigCoin alongside prices in fiat currencies from this month onwards.  Fernandes, who sees cryptocurrencies as a ‘tool to alleviate currency fluctuation risks from overseas revenue’ forsees BigCoin being accepted by third-party businesses beyond its own operations. Following its launch, customers will be able to use BigCoin to pay for in-flight meals, seat upgrades and other services within 3-6 months, he added.  AirAsia first announced its Fintech program dubbed ‘ The Big ’ in mid-2017 with the intent to provide banking and financial services and facilitate in-flight purchases for over 60 million annual passengers. Last month, Fernandes  revealed  plans toward an initial coin offering (ICO) that he expects will curb exchange and settlement risks.  AirAsia joins the likes of Singapore Airlines this year in tapping blockchain technology for frequent flyer programs. Singapore’s national airline notably announced plans to deploy its own private blockchain following a successful proof-of-concept (PoC) with technology partners Microsoft and KPMG earlier in February ahead of the launch of what it calls the ‘ world’s first blockchain-based airline loyalty digital wallet ’. To be made available to retail customers in by August 2018, the blockchain digital wallet mobile app will enable passengers to spend their air miles as value in point-of-sale transactions at participating retail merchants.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Menlo Ventures Leads $40 Million Series B in Bitcoin Firm BitPay Twitter  One of Silicon Valley’s oldest venture capital firms is dipping its toe into the blockchain ecosystem with an investment in cryptocurrency payment processing startup BitPay.  The investment, announced on Monday, came as part of a $40 million funding round, the largest in the Atlanta-based company’s nearly seven-year history. It also constituted the first time Menlo has acquired a stake in a cryptocurrency-related startup.  Founded in 1976, Menlo was one of the first Silicon Valley venture capital firms and has counted among its portfolio companies tech darlings such as Uber, Roku, and Tumblr. However, it had not yet joined so many of its peers in gaining exposure to the burgeoning blockchain sector  — until now.  The funding round was BitPay’s first since 2014, when it  raised $30 million  in a round that included Virgin Group founder Richard Branson, AME Cloud Ventures, and Peter Thiel’s Founders Fund.  According to tech outlet  Recode , several high-profile venture capital firms passed on the current funding round because they believe the prevailing trends in the cryptocurrency industry  — that cryptoassets are primarily commodities, not currencies  — create uncertainty for the payment processing firm, despite its leading role in this sector.  The publication also noted that BitPay had made the unusual move of announcing the funding round before it had closed, which some observers took as a potential indication that the firm was having trouble reaching its target. BitPay CEO Stephen Pair denied these rumors.  “We wanted to make sure that anybody who wanted to participate could, and announcing it serves that purpose,” he said, noting that the company raised $40 million despite initially targeting $30 million and has been profitable for a year and a half.  And while Bitcoin ’s transaction fees have declined over the past several months, BitPay  — which processed more than $1 billion worth of payments in 2017  — has begun making moves to support additional payments-focused cryptocurrencies. Last week, the company upgraded its merchant tool to  accept Bitcoin Cash payments , and it has said it will add support for more altcoins in the future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   To Russia with Bitcoin: Hotels Will Accept Cryptocurrency During the World Cup Twitter  The world ’s biggest sporting event is just a few months away and fans are flocking to online websites to book their seats in Russia. Luckily for crypto users, Kaliningrad, one of the cities hosting the matches, is now offering cryptocurrency payments for hotel rooms.  Buying Business Travel  Russia reported that Apartments Malina has teamed up with the online payment system, Free-Kassa, to allow users to purchase rooms with cryptocurrencies. A total of  four matches  will be played in Kaliningrad on Jun. 16, 22, 25 and 28.  According to a rough translation, Apartments Malina ’s manager,  Anna Subbotina said:  “ Crypto-currencies are now enjoying increased interest. Gradually they will come into use as a means of payment. And we decided that the fans should be able to pay for our services with the help of this innovative technology. It may very well be that other hotels [are] awaiting our example for the forthcoming football holiday. ”  Eleven of Russia ’s cities will  host  the FIFA World Cup including Ekaterinburg, Moscow, Kazan, Saint Petersburg, Volgograd, Rostov-on-Don, Sochi, Nizhny Novgorod, Samara, Saransk and Kaliningrad.  Others haven ’t come forward with similar announcements yet, which is why  Free-Kassa ’s development director,  Vitaly Lavrov, called it an  “interesting experience ”.  “We did not have to cooperate with hotels and hotels in such a format. But the hospitality industry is very sensitive to such trends, ” said Lavrov.  However, Free-Kassa ’s current collaboration with  Petersburg Social Commercial Bank (PSCB)  proves that there is a chance Saint Petersburg will adopt cryptocurrency payments as well.  Russia had been  drafting regulations  for cryptocurrencies and ICOs in the new proposal  “On Digital Financial Assets ” last month. However, amendments were requested by M inistry of Economic Development,  Ministry of Communications, Ministry of Justice, Central Bank of Russia and others to soften the rules for cryptocurrency users. While this decision was not favored by the Ministry of Finance, it did submit a  bill  last week which lists cryptocurrencies as  “financial assets ” instead of a legal payment method.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Leads Crypto Comeback after Market Briefly Dips Below $250 Billion Twitter  The Bitcoin price led a comprehensive cryptocurrency comeback on Monday after the market briefly dipped below $250 billion on Sunday.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Altogether, 97 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies posted gains against the US dollar, enabling the  cryptocurrency market cap  to rise by $15.4 billion. This constituted a single-day gain of more than six percent and raised the index to a present value of $260.5 billion.  Bitcoin Price Fights for $7,000 as Market Recovers  The  Bitcoin price  headlined the rally, achieving an increase of nearly six percent and extending as high as $7,132 on Bitfinex during intraday trading. At present, the Bitcoin price is valued at $6,930, which translates into a $118 billion market cap and a 45.3 percent share of the total cryptocurrency market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Ethereum Price Sees 5 Percent Bump as Community Debates 120 Million ETH Cap  The  Ethereum price  made similar progress, rising five percent to $385 on Bitfinex. Ethereum now has a $38.1 billion market cap and a 14.6 percent share of the index.  Ethereum Price Chart  It ’s unclear whether Ethereum ’s rally has any connection to a proposal  — published by Ethereum creator Vitalik Buterin  — to set an ETH currency supply cap in a future network update. Though started as an  April Fool ’s Day prank , the initiative has generated an  organic debate , and Buterin himself has stated that he believes a fixed currency supply is  “worth considering ” as Ethereum transitions to a Proof-of-Stake (PoS) consensus algorithm.  Stellar Price Leads Altcoin Rally  Gains were fairly well-distributed across the wider altcoin ecosystem, and just three cryptocurrencies ranked in the top 100  — Kin, Revain, and Veritaseum  — failed to return single-day increases.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The Ripple and Bitcoin Cash prices each rose about four percent and are currently trading at $0.49 and $662, respectively.  Fifth-ranked Litecoin rose six percent to $118, while EOS beat the index with a seven percent rally to $5.74.  Stellar, seventh-largest by circulating market cap, led the top-tier with an 11 percent surge to $0.21, and Cardano ’s six percent increase raised its price to $0.15.  NEO and Monero rounded out the top 10 with gains of five percent and six percent, raising their prices to respective values of $48 and $178.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Hedge Fund: We ’ll Succeed, Even if Bitcoin Ends Up Defunct Twitter  Dan Morehead, chief executive officer (CEO) and co-chief investment officer of struggling cryptocurrency hedge fund Pantera Capital, recently claimed that even if bitcoin fails like Pets.com did during the dot-com bubble, the hedge fund would still see investors make money.  According to  CNBC , Morehead’s reasoning was that cryptocurrencies are revolutionary and here to stay. Using now-defunct Pets.com to explain his point, he said:  “If you had a portfolio of IPOs — one was Pets.com and one was Amazon.com — it doesn ’t matter what the rest were. You made a great return. ”  Morehead’s words came in a letter sent to investors. It noted that in case bitcoin flops like Pets.com – which filed for bankruptcy in 2000 – did, then they will still “probably do very well.” Using Pantera’s ICO Fund as an example, he pointed out that it would still be positive for them after the Fund, which is made up of 25  ICOs , went down to “single-digit number of blockchains,” and saw 90 percent of the ICOs go to zero.  Per the letter, Pantera´s ICO Fund lost about 25 percent of its value last year, but is still up more than 200 percent since it was created. The hedge fund’s Long-Term ICO Fund is up 5.9 percent, and its Digital Asset Fund is down 16.8 percent. Pantera’s Bitcoin Fund has fallen 26.9 percent this year, but since its inception is up 16,000 percent.  According to the hedge fund’s CEO, bitcoin is the “miracle whip of finance.” In his letter he advised investors to have 1 or 2 percent of their portfolio invested in blockchain technology. He reasoned:  “I am not certain that blockchain will return 20,000% again. However, the odds are high enough that when you sum the probabilistic weighted outcomes the expected value is the most asymmetric trade I ’ve ever seen. ”  Morehead also revealed he is bullish on ICOs, as he expects their boom to be “very much like the 1990s IPO boom,” but much bigger. ICOs have recently been under pressure, as the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  recently issued “dozens” of subpoenas .  Amazon’s example  Morehead further pointed to Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos’ strategy with his company. Amazon was a majority investor behind Pets.com. Although the company eventually filed for bankruptcy, Bezos still created “an insane amount of wealth.”  This, because he “understood how disruptive the internet precools that preceded bitcoin would be.” Bezos’ investment strategy was to put his money in more than one dot-com company, to make sure he had exposure to the ultimate winners, Morehead added.  Amazon’s shares are now up over 4,000 percent since Pets.com went bankrupt, and Bezos is one of the richest people on earth as he’s worth over $130 billion. As covered by CCN, an  Amazon subsidiary has notably  registered Ethereum and Cryptocurrency-related domain names last year.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   IBM Presents its Take on Blockchain for Business Twitter   Evanston IL—CCN correspondent Eric Eissler covered a lecture at Northwestern University by Marie Wieck, IBM General Manager, Blockchain. Wieck covered the industry, the history of blockchain and talked about IBM’s Hyperledger project and how to tackle the challenges of digitization such as food-chain supply safety and digital identity.   IBM enters Blockchain     IBM Blockchain General Manager Marie Wieck  IBM started working on a  blockchain  project about 3 or 4 years ago by forming a unit solely dedicated to the technology with more than 1,500 employees. Wieck noted that “We can’t get enough people with skills in Blockchain” to fill all positions. She indicated that the industry is hot and needs talent. “Despite all the benefits,” she continued, “blockchain is very hyped and still very misunderstood.”  However, despite being hyped and misunderstood, Wieck went on to say that “on a lighter note, my view is you know you have arrived in a technology when there are Dilbert cartoons about [blockchain]. You have now passed the point of the hype cycle and [blockchain] is now in the common lexicon.” A rather interesting note is that most people focus on blockchain’s initial entry point and use case, Bitcoin. They associate anything blockchain with Bitcoin and that is not right. There is so much more to blockchain than Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies.  In Development: IBM’s Hyperledger   IBM entered into the blockchain world with the question: Is blockchain the next generation of transactions systems?  “What we have concluded from that,” Wieck explained, “is that, no, it’s really an answer to digitization and the process of digitization.” She continued that, “It’s important to understand the history of what blockchain is and what it isn’t.” She indicated that Blockchain has its origins in digital transformation and disruption. Wieck emphasized that “Blockchain is the answer to the 2008 financial and mortgage crisis. It gets at how you would create the same kind of model that you have in anonymous real-world trading but in a digital world.”  In other words, how can you have “cash” transactions on the internet? How can you reconstruct the market experience?  The real-world experience is that you go to a market and find a book, you know its value and you know the value of your money. You talk to the seller and come to terms, agree on the fair price, establish a value proposition, and then make the exchange. You did not need to divulge your identity, nor did the seller to make the transaction happen. The question is: How do you do that in the digital world? Today, you cannot do that anonymously because there is a mechanism that identifies you, your credit card, your wallet, etc. This is very true if there are cross-border transactions as there are more actors and agencies that will need to take part in your transaction. This is where blockchain comes in and eliminates the middleman.  Hyperledger Addresses 3 Challenges  IBM has looked at 3 major problems with using Ethereum as a base for its blockchain:  Proof-of-work (PoW):  via mining is a high energy consuming process where 40% of the spend on blockchain was on mining in 2017. “there are other ways of solving the double spend problem without mining. We didn’t like that aspect of consuming a lot of resources without getting a lot for it, Wieck said.” Permissions : “A lot of IBM’s clients want to know who they are doing business with and there are ways to provide privacy and confidentiality without being anonymous. The notion of having permissions and trust-anchoring of who you are working with, we believe, actually enhances the value of blockchains.” Licensing Model:  “IBM wants to use open source, it must be there for a new technology platform like this,” stated Wieck. This is very important due to the collaborative nature of Blockchains.  A year and a half ago IBM approached Linux to work on creating the Hyperledger project. There are now more than 200 participants engaged and it is the largest and fastest growing of all the projects in the Linux Foundation and is seeing a lot of traction in other places.     Food Chain Supply Safety   Walmart has partnered with IBM to build a map of the  food supply chain  to be able to track produce to promote safety in case of food-borne illness outbreaks. When outbreaks happen, it takes weeks to trace it back to the source. By using blockchain in completely connected supply system, it took only two seconds to trace the origin of the outbreak. For it to happen this fast, competitors will need to cooperate and share logistics information. Despite this need for industry-wide collaboration, IBM has been able to decrease the amount of time it takes to trace back the origin of outbreaks down to days rather than weeks without the blockchain technology in place.  Digital ID – How do you know it’s you in the blockchain?  Wieck posed the question: “How can you replicate going into a bank and producing an ID to transact digitally?” She pointed out, “If you think about it, by showing a driver’s license you are providing more information than you want to: address, date of birth, etc.”  IBM is working with Canadian  SecureKey , which has a network of all of the major banks, the Government of Canada, and Rogers Communications to be able to verify digital identity. SecureKey is a triple-blind system that gives you ownership of your identity. If someone needs access to your identity to confirm a transaction, they will request only this specific information from you to transact. For example, you go to a bar, the bouncer will need to verify your age and showing a driver’s license gives away more information than needed. By using this blockchain, without providing more information than needed, your age would be confirmed. So, for other transactions, you would be able to provide only the information needed to transact and not more. Essentially, you take control of your own identity. Wieck drew a bi gger picture by saying, “Imagine that you can control your own credit report and remove a third-party credit reporter that is vulnerable to hacks? It’s a much, much better system to keep your identity safe.”  During her more than 25 years with IBM, Marie Wieck has had a different technical and executive roles within IBM ’s hardware, software, and services units.  In January 2017, IBM named Wieck to her current position as general manager of blockchain. She is responsible for IBM’s participation in the Hyperledger project: an open blockchain ecosystem for developers and service providers.  
DECREASE	   Quantum-Safe Cryptocurrency: Challenges for the Future Twitter  The future of computing is starting to arrive with the race to build the first stable quantum computer that would be able to far exceed classical computers’ ability to perform operations. For example, a 50 quad-bit computer equals 1.125 quadrillion classical bits.  Quantum computing is the next level of computers and they carry with them the power to totally supplant work that classical computers do, namely crack uncrackable encryption within seconds, and compromise Bitcoin address and API keys. For a quantum computer, this will be a small feat.  Currently, the chances of someone being able to hack a private key to a bitcoin wallet that might contain a substantial amount of currency is very small: 0.024% chance with a classical computer. To put that in perspective, that percentage of a successful hack is equal to winning the lottery multiple times in a row. Practically impossible, but not improbable.  While quantum computing is not there yet, companies such as  Google  and  IBM  are working on projects and state that we are only 5 years away from so-called “quantum supremacy,” where quantum computers surpass what a classical computer could ever imagine being able to do. Referencing the 50-quadbit computer mentioned previously, IBM is currently working on one of this size.  Play a Smart Defense   To combat this threat that quantum computers pose, some blockchain developers such as NEO are working on quantum-safe blockchains and cryptocurrencies. According to the NEO white paper:  NeoQS (Quantum Safe) is a lattice-based cryptographic mechanism. At present, quantum computers do not have the ability to quickly solve the Shortest Vector Problem (SVP) and the Closest Vector Problem (CVP), which is considered to be the most reliable algorithm for resisting quantum computers.  According to  Open Quantum Safe , an open-source protocol for prototyping quantum-resistant cryptography:  Several mathematical techniques have been proposed for constructing quantum-safe cryptosystems, including:   hash functions   error correcting codes   lattices (including the learning with errors (LWE) and related problems)   multivariate equations   supersingular elliptic curve isogenies   Prepare For the Long-Term  Moving forward, it will be imperative to develop quantum-resistant cryptography before quantum computers start to appear. However, as with any new technology, it is always rare and expensive and only the rich can afford the technology. After some time, it starts to trickle down to into society as prices decrease and more people can afford it. Once it becomes affordable, this is  the time to be concerned about hacking into cryptocurrencies. However, the timeline is still long according to a respondent to a  poll  put forth by  Futurism :  In the 2020s, we will have quantum computers that are significantly better than super computers today, but they most likely won’t be in mass use by governments and companies until the 2030s. Eventually toward the end of the 2030s and early 2040s they’ll shrink down to a size and cost viable for consumer use. Before that point even with the exponential growth of technology I don ’t think that it would be cost efficient enough for the average consumer to replace regular computing with quantum computing.  While quantum-safe technology will be important in 20 years, most cryptocurrencies are under no threat yet. But to the futurist, it would be wise to keep the threat of quantum computers in the back of your mind.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   $75 Million: Reg A+ Cap Expansion Could See More ICOs File in the US Twitter  We ’ve written in the past about the  various methods  companies in the United States can go about raising money via an ICO/token offering.  One of the main methods we mentioned was the use of Regulation A+, something traditionally utilized by smaller companies to IPO that ’s been embraced by cryptocurrency companies in the U.S. The problem is as IPO ’s have gotten bigger, the cap set up by Regulation A+, $50 million, has severely limited the number of companies which can actually raise under it. It ’s also made it harder for smaller companies to IPO in the current economic atmosphere of long-term bullishness and constant inflation.  This is why the U.S. House of Representatives passed the  “Regulation A+ Improvement Act ” which allows for a 50% increase in the cap under which companies can do a securities offering while still being governed under RegA+.  What is RegA+?  RegA+ is a regulation passed under the  JOBS Act  which allows for a more streamlined process than the traditional IPO and allows non-accredited investors to invest. In addition to allowing medium-sized businesses to raise money more easily, RegA+ allows for retail investor participation: a hallmark of cryptocurrencies. It also allows for broader marketing to investors, something which has been and continues to be utilized by  ICOs.  Despite its limited scope, RegA+ has been well utilized with companies raising over $600 million since October using the regulation. This trend has not been ignored by the crypto markets either.  The Reg A+ ICOs:  The trend of Reg A+ securities offerings is only expected to expand upon the passage of this new regulation. The following ICO ’s have already used Reg A+ for their offerings.  Gab ICO : An ad-free social network for creators who believe in free speech, individual liberty, and the free flow of information online RideCoin ICO : A decentralized ride-sharing marketplace built on the blockchain. WeDemand ICO   – Allows fans to bid on concerts with smart contracts and tools to track live events  All of the aforementioned ICO ’s are featured on a site called  StartEngine  which now advertises the ability to  “Launch an ICO ”. Start Engine ’s founder said last month in a  post  on HACKERNOON that Reg A+ is  “the future of ICOs ”, especially considering regulation crowdfunding limit of $1.07 million per year.  Still Regulated  Despite the fact that RegA+ reduces the regulations on securities offerings and makes it easier for ICO ’s to occur in the U.S. this is not a replacement for the unregulated ICO market of early 2017. Here ’s why:  SEC approved exchanges must be used exclusively. This is a bit of a hindrance, and as far as crypto goes  tZERO  is the only high profile exchange which would qualify Reg A+ requires Anti Money Laundering checks for all investors, which increases overhead for ICOs Reg A+ requires  “Offering Circulars ” which are quite a bit more detailed than the traditional white paper  There are also two types of Reg A+ offerings, Tier 1 and Tier 2. In a Tier 2 offering companies must undergo an audit upfront and annually and post financial performance information biannually. The alternative is a Tier 1 Reg A+ which is limited to $20 million but dramatically reduces regulatory requirements.  SEC regulation still has a long way to go before it is viable for ICOs and these changes are helping to pave the way. I have no doubt that at least some ICOs will embrace these regulations going forward.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Dubai Employee Steals $200,000 in Cryptocurrency Embezzlement Fraud Twitter  According to Dubai-based newspaper  Khaleej Times , a cryptocurrency trading platform in the city caught its own employee stealing cryptocurrency for his personal use. Both the company as well as the convict were kept anonymous in the entire story.  The man was an expert in managing trading systems, which was why he deceived the software responsible for keeping a track of cryptocurrency transactions by various traders.  He would convert a small percentage of the currency being traded on the platform. Then, he would enter the database platform and upload false information into the fake virtual accounts to convert the currency to his own account and other cryptocurrency trading platforms.  The employer had no reason to suspect the employee as he himself had developed the cryptocurrency trading platform and earned laurels for it.  Initially, the company realized that cryptocurrency transactions were inconsistent and didn ’t match the records in the system. But they couldn ’t find the criminal because their security system was faulty and the entire team was using the administrator account to access the website. He was slowly accumulating the converted amount and was caught with further details on his personal computer. He had been using fake usernames and accounts while interacting with users (possible buyers) online. He wanted to purchase a hous e from the stolen Dhs 800,000 (roughly $0.2 Million), but his dreams were cut short when the company filed a lawsuit against him.  The information was collected by the Expertise and Disputes Settlement Department of the Dubai Ruler ’s Court, who had hired an expert to  “determine the extent of the fraud and the damages incurred by the company. ”  UAE ’s Stance on Cryptocurrencies  Last year, the  Central Bank of UAE  warned people regarding the use of cryptocurrencies because of the risks and phishing scams involved. While, the country hasn ’t regulated or banned digital currencies yet, it hasn ’t recognized it as a legal payment method either. The  financial regulators  also cautioned users who were planning to invest in ICOs against potential harmful and misleading projects – they even said that investors were at their own risk.  Bitcoin and ICOs are increasingly becoming a topic of interest in the country. According to  Google Trends , UAE is one of the top 10 countries which have the highest rate of interest in bitcoin by region.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	    Market Crashes, Binance Pivots and OpenBazaar Developments: This week in Crypto Twitter  What happened in crypto this week?  Price Watch  Bitcoin  is  down about 8% this week  to $7,800.This has been attributed to  low volume ,  FUD , and the  ICO hearing . The news isn ’t all bad though, several experts are saying  now might be a good time to buy . Ethereum  is down about 16%  this week to $560. This is likely caused by bitcoins slump and exacerbated as  more projects  announce they ’re leaving Ethereum for competitors. The  entire crypto market is down 16%   this week as trade volumes fall and FUD becomes pervasive.  Exchanges  Binance announced it will be  creating a decentralized exchange  with its own blockchain. Despite no launch date being given Binance Coin (BNB) was up  25% on the news . Binance is currently the worlds  largest exchange  by trade volume. Circle takes aim at Coinbase : Circle  announced a retail facing trading app will launch in 46 states . The Goldman Sachs backed company poses a threat to Coinbase who currently dominates that market. 82 Coins Being Delisted  from exchange  Bittrex  because of low liquidity. Bittrex cited rampant fraud as the reason for removal. Unfortunately for investors 28 of the 82 coins have broken withdrawal mechanisms.  Startups  OpenBazaar Marketplace : E-commerce Startup  OpenBazaar announced it has secured $5 million in Series A  funding to build a decentralized marketplace. Should Amazon be worried? $2.5 million  was raised  for Lightning Network provider Lightning Labs this week. Despite its low capacity (about 4.5 BTC) the network has about 1,000 nodes.  Bad Press  Olver takes aim  at ICO ’s in  Last Week Tonight  citing scams such as BitConnect and comparing it to EOS. Oliver was simultaneously condemned by the community at large for spreading FUD and praised for presenting a two-sided, non- Dimon  esque argument Google Banning Cryptocurrency   advertising this week in an effort to stamp out rampant fraud.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Blockchain and AR is Revolutionizing the Gaming Industry Twitter  Merging the virtual and real world is a development that is becoming common in the gaming ecosystem. Most of these new games involve the integration of game visuals and audio content with a player’s environment in real time. This phenomenon is described as Augmented Reality (AR).  Real-life Participation  Working with the  GPS application of the mobile devices , game players are made to complete tasks and quests around their immediate physical environment. These kinds of games have a way of acquiring several associated benefits to participants depending on the game’s primary dynamics. Exploring one’s immediate environment is what a lot of people hardly engage in. To do so based on the motivation of some form of rewards or challenge m akes it an interesting and in most cases captivating system of exploration.  Being a new kind of technology and still in its innovative stages, AR is finding a lot of different implementation in the gaming industry that mirrors real life processes. Some are set in the ancient existence of several ages ago, while others are set in the present day living or projection of future existence. Beyond the timeline, these setups are also organised to represent s pecific industries, ranging from politics, to commerce, real estate, culture, e.t.c.  AR and Blockchain Implementation  A typical example of AR implementation is the  Mossland  Reality Reflection which is a location-based Augmented Reality (AR) mobile game that is based on real estate. In Mossland, users identify real properties in the world and add them to the game world. This gives other users the ability to buy and sell real-world properties in the Mossland virtual world. The game utilizes a blockchain-based cryptocurrency to facilitate trades, sa les and purchases by users of in-game properties, emulating the real-world property market in the game and giving players a new way to interact with each other.  Temple Treasure Hunt is another example where Indian mythological characters come up as treasure guardians in a game that uses real map of a location. This geolocational game centres around mystery lovers who play roles of either treasure protectors or treasure hunters.  Various AR games abound  in today’s gaming ecosystem, but the fascinating element is how blockchain implementation is enabling the transfer of real value across the gaming ecosystem. In one of the examples mentioned above, mimicking the real-life real estate marketplace involves actual trading and other commercial exercises. Being connected across a global network automatically requires a reliable pla tform where transactions can be secure and transparent.  Value Extraction in Gaming  Blockchain in the gaming world enhances the value of tokenization as it offers the flexibility that is needed to connect people across different countries and cultures. Blockchain tokens (for example, Moss coin in the case of Mossland) serves as the universal unit of value transfer which influences the liquidity that is necessary in the gaming marketplace. Be it for purposes of  auction or reward, the underlying tokens remain the connecting units that enable the fulfillment of gaming contracts.  In order to extract real value from any gaming marketplace, blockchain will always play an important role. These tokens are cryptocurrencies that can be exchanged for other cryptocurrencies or fiat in order to derive usable value. Apparently, Blockchain and AR are practically causing a total revolution in the way gaming is interpreted. Unlike in the past when gaming was mostly  about fun and recreation, several tangible benefits are currently being attached to the experience nowadays.  Beyond the social values of connecting individuals from different parts of the globe, Blockchain and AR are taking gaming to another level. Education, exploration, research and commercial benefits are just a few of the values that are currently being extracted from within the ecosystem.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Venezuelan President Claims Petro Pre-Sale Raked in $5 Billion Twitter  Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro claimed the pre-sale of the country’s oil-backed cryptocurrency, the Petro (PTR), has raised $5 billion and recorded over 186,000 certified purchases, according to local news source  TeleSUR . The announcement came during a meeting with members of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela (PSUV), in Caracas.  During the meeting, Maduro explained that the money raised from the cryptocurrency’s pre-sale will be used to “service everything our country needs.” Per his words, the money is part of a wider “economic solution” the Venezuelan government put together.  Additionally Carlos Vargas, the  country’s cryptocurrency superintendent , revealed that over 83,000 individuals from 127 countries attempted to purchase the oil-backed cryptocurrency. Among them, were 3,523 entrepreneurs. As previously covered by CCN, the country had received 171,000 pre-registrations for the token sale, and Maduro claimed it raised  $735 million in only a day.   Carlos Vargas: 34 países han confirmado su intención de participar en el  #Petro , pero son muchísimos más. Estamos cerca de 100 países que ya han manifestado su intención de participar con un poquito o con algo, con lo que consideren importante para ellos”  pic.twitter.com/1JKQbYr8Y6  — Madelein Garcia (@madeleintlSUR)  March 9, 2018   The Petro was created as a way to bypass US sanctions, while Venezuela deals with a steep recession, that’s forced its citizens to  rely on cryptocurrencies to survive.  While Maduro’s words seem to show the Petro’s pre-sale has been a tremendous success, there’s little to no evidence pointing that out.  A  NEM wallet  believed to belong to the Venezuelan government has yet to distribute any of the 100 million Petros the country’s president ordered. Nevertheless, Maduro recently stated that the Petro aims to improve the country’s “monetary sovereignty,” while also helping it “make financial transactions and overcome the financial blockade.”  Petro shrouded in controversy  While the Venezuelan leader claims the Petro is a step forward, various Venezuelan lawmakers seemingly don’t agree. The country’s opposition-run congress has said the Petro’s sale is an “illegal and unconstitutional” instrument to  mortgage the country’s oil reserves . The country’s National Assembly denounced it as a fraud and claimed it could be a risky investment.  On the other hand, Chinese credit rating giant Dagong claimed the Petro “may help the global currency system.” To bolster adoption, Maduro has ordered the country’s airlines to  accept the Petro and other cryptocurrencies  for tickets.  Despite the controversy, Venezuela is set to auction the Petro to private companies via its  Dicom foreign exchange platform . Last month, Maduro claimed a  Petro Gold  – a cryptocurrency backed by precious metals – was going to be launched “next week.”  
DECREASE	   China Will Move Slowly to Regulate Cryptocurrency: Central Bank Governor Twitter  While it does not recognize bitcoin as a payment tool,  China  recognizes that digital currency is inevitable and is in no hurry to regulate cryptocurrencies, according to  Zhou Xiaochuan , governor of the country’s central bank, the People’s Bank of China ( PBoC ).  The central bank official gave his views on digital currency during a press conference at the National People’s Congress 2018, according to  8btc , a Chinese industry news site.  He said regulations will depend on regional trials and new technology.  The central bank is researching digital currency, he said. Issuing digital currency does not depend on a technology application, he said, but on the ability to reduce the costs and improve the convenience of retail payments. The bank will also consider privacy and security in its actions concerning cryptocurrency.  Digital Currency Is Inevitable  Zhou acknowledged that digital currency is inevitable, and is likely to eventually replace paper money and coins. He said it is important to be wary of the financial system ’s and investor influence on digital currency.  Virtual currency is not integrated with existing financial products or the spirit that finance serves China’s economy, Zhou said. Hence, he cautions against the government rushing into digital currency.  Zhou stressed the importance of preventing the introduction of speculative products, pointing to bitcoin’s wild expansion. The expansion of a bitcoin like cryptocurrency would have an unexpected impact on monetary policy and financial stability.  The central bank, Zhou said, is moving cautiously with cryptocurrency and is working with the industry on research and development.  The central bank does not recognize bitcoin as a payment tool, and it is carefully watching bitcoin like financial products and strengthening consumer and investor protection and education.  Promising products need to be tested, Zhou said.  Government Crackdown Continues  Regulators in China recently began blocking social media  accounts belonging to cryptocurrency exchanges that continue to offer services to customers located on the mainland.  On Tuesday, Beijing-based media outlet Caixin reported that local authorities had forced social messaging platform WeChat to shut down accounts belonging to select cryptocurrency exchanges in a bid to further restrict the ability of mainland residents to trade cryptocurrencies.  China had forced the closure of domestic cryptocurrency exchanges that offered fiat-to-cryptocurrency trading pairs last September, but some investors told Caixin that they were still able to access the offshore platforms. Other traders moved to over-the-counter and peer-to-peer platforms, often using social media to find trading partners and execute transactions.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Tim Draper: Only Cryptocurrencies Will Be Used For Payments in 5 Years Twitter  To some people, cryptocurrencies are the stories they go through while sipping a hot cup of coffee early in the morning. But to others, it is an ecosystem that is developing slowly and is bound to engulf the entire world. One such individual is venture capital investor, founder of Draper Associates and Stanford graduate Tim Draper.  Draper is not your average bull – he can break the internet by simply stating that,  “In five years you ’re going to walk in and try to pay fiat [a government-backed currency like the U.S. dollar] for a Starbucks coffee, and the barista is going to laugh at you, because they ’re going to say,  ‘What is this? Are you counting out pennies? Give me shells? ”  To show his unwavering support, Draper wore a tie with printed bitcoins while he continued his interview on CNBC ’s segment  ‘Fast Money ’  on Tuesday. He talked about how digital currency  “is not subject to the whims of some political force or another ”, and how the world  “international ” will be substituted by  “global ”.  A Movement Bigger than the Internet Age  Considering that people think cryptocurrencies are nothing more than a way to make quick cash, Draper talked about the positive yet lesser-known features of the underlying blockchain technology.  “All the various governments are going to be virtual and competing for us, so that they will have to provide good service at a low cost. And that ’s something governments haven ’t had to do before, ” said Draper.  He also mentioned that bitcoin is the only stable cryptocurrency. He ’d rather discard his U.S. dollars for the virtual currency,  “They ’re not going to use fiat. Five years from now, none us of will be. Because all of this engineering effort, all that excitement, this focus is really on bitcoin and all of the cryptos around it. And I think that ’s what we ’re all going to be using and paying with. ”  Draper, who bought 30,000 BTC from the U.S. Marshals Service auction in 2014, has a  net worth  of around $350 million-$500 million. He is also known for correctly  predicting  the price of bitcoin in 2014, where he said that BTC would cross $10,000 in three years. The  price  not only hit the number but surpassed it slightly on Nov. 2017. When asked whether he will be giving another one in the future, Draper stated that he will deliver a price prediction on Apr. 12, 2018 to the entire world.  Featured image from Flickr.  
DECREASE	   South Korea ’s Kakao to Integrate Cryptocurrency For 12,000 Merchants  & Millions Users Twitter  Asia Business, an influential finance-focused media outlet in South Korea, has reported that Kakao, one of the two largest internet companies that operate KakaoTalk, KakaoPay, KakaoStory, KakaoTaxi, and a subsidiary company which runs major cryptocurrency exchange UpBit, will integrate cryptocurrency within 2018.  Importance of Kakao  An exclusive coverage released by Asia Business revealed that Kakao’s fintech application KakaoPay, which registered 3 million users within its debut month, will integrate cryptocurrencies into its local application to allow users to send and receive cryptocurrencies. Kakao is also planning to launch its own cryptocurrency, similar to the model of Binance’s Binance Coin, within  this year.  Once KakaoPay integrates cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ethereum, all the other Kakao apps would become  compatible with cryptocurrency payments. If Kakao pursues its plan to integrate cryptocurrencies into KakaoPay by the end of 2018, millions of KakaoTaxi, KakaoTalk, and other Kakao applications will soon be able to utilize cryptocurrencies.  Last year, Dunamoo, a subsidiary company of Kakao, launched UpBit, the first cryptocurrency-only exchange in South Korea. Within a few months, UpBit became one of the top five cryptocurrency exchanges in the market. Dunamoo’s launch of UpBit is considered by analysts as the first move Kakao made to enter the cryptocurrency market.  The massive success of UpBit and the rising demand for cryptocurrency from local investors likely led Kakao to focus on addressing the market, given that other companies like Bithumb have already secured large partnerships with the country’s largest e-commerce platforms and retailers in WeMakePrice and Yeogi Eottae to integrate cryptocurrencies into their existing payment infra structures.  Kakao’s market penetration in South Korea exceeds the 90 percent mark, in all three areas: messaging, taxi service, and fintech. KakaoPay is the most dominant fintech application in the local market, and it is used by many millennials as an alternative to the South Korean banking system, as KakaoPay offers loans and provides virtual bank accounts, apart from settling both small  and large transactions.  The integration of cryptocurrency by Kakao will immediately expose bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies to tens of millions of people that utilize Kakao on a daily basis. Kakao’s dominance in the South Korean market has come to a point in which devices like smartphones come with Kakao applications installed.  Increasing Adoption  As CCN reported, South Korea’s largest hotel booking platform Yeogi Eottae has already secured a partnership with the country’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange Bithumb to integrate cryptocurrencies.   Bithumb has started to supply cryptocurrency kiosks to many restaurants, cafes, and food franchises in South Korea, to increase the adoption of cryptocurrency and provide a better way for South Koreans to spend cryptocurrencies casually, on a daily basis, without technical issues.  With Japan’s leading retailers like Bic Camera, airline Peach, hotel chain Capsule, and electric grid operator Bitpoint integrating cryptocurrencies, the decision of major South Korean businesses to adopt cryptocurrencies will likely lead to a surge in growth in the Asian cryptocurrency market in the mid-term.  
DECREASE	   Report Alleges Egyptian Government is Secretly Mining Cryptocurrencies on Citizens ’ Devices Twitter  An  investigation  by The Citizen lab has found evidence that Egyptian authorities are mining cryptocurrencies on citizen ’s computers and laptops.  Using Internet scanning the researchers found deep packet inspection middleboxes on Telecom Egypt connections. Unencrypted traffic, (that uses http, not https) was redirected to browser cryptocurrency mining scripts. The researchers suggest this was done in order to extract revenue from unsuspecting internet users.  The report also identified the same malicious system being used in Turkey to inject citizen ’s devices with spyware. Both Egypt and Turkey have been increasingly authoritarian in recent years, breaching multiple human rights obligations. Reporters Without Borders  ranked Egypt 161st  out of 180 currencies in its 2017 World Press Freedom Index, and 800 people have been sentenced to death since 2013. Journalists, human rights defenders, and protesters have experienced mass arrests, disappearances, and torture.  After an extensive investigation, the team was able to track the network injections from both Egypt and Turkey to Sandvine PacketLogic devices  – an American-based firm which sold the Turkish system as part of a $6,000,000 contract. At the time the deal caused a prominent member of the company to  resign in protest .  Attitudes to cryptocurrency are split in the highly religious Egypt. Earlier this year Egypt ’s foremost religious leader called for a blockchain ban,  stating that Bitcoin was illegal under Sharia law .  Whilst some authorities in Egypt are against the technology, the attackers are likely making large amounts of money. A report from Talos earlier this month, a leading cyber security intelligence firm, estimates that malicious mining could be netting attackers over  $100m a year.  The report estimated that each infected device can generate about 28 cents a day. With 2000 devices that adds up to $568 per day, and $200,000 a year. It ’s likely however that the nation-wide system uncovered could have many many more devices infected  – leading to much higher profits.  This type of attack has grown hugely in recent years, with malware research labs alleging that over  1.5 million devices  have been affected. Website owners have deployed the technology as an alternative to ad-hosting. However, the primary use has been by hackers who slide the system onto internet users without them knowing.  The news of Egypt and Turkey ’s use of the software comes as a reminder not only of the shaky human rights situation in these countries, but of state-sanctioned spying globally. As we progress through 2018 the internet is increasingly becoming less of a tool to connect citizens, and more a weapon to spy on them.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Rebounds by $40 Billion, But Bitcoin and Ethereum Remain Volatile Twitter  The cryptocurrency market rebounded after dropping below $344 billion, losing over $100 billion within the past week. Although major cryptocurrencies like Ethereum have recorded gains over the past 24 hours, most cryptocurrencies have started to fall again.  Bitcoin’s Volatility  On March 10, bitcoin, Ethereum, and other major cryptocurrencies recorded over 10 percent in daily gains, triggering enthusiasm within the global cryptocurrency market. Ethereum in particular along with tokens increased by nearly 13 percent, while bitcoin recovered back to the $9000 region.  But, in the past several hours, bitcoin, Ethereum, and other cryptocurrencies have started to decline again, as the market continued to be volatile. Bitcoin has dropped below the $9,000 mark after reaching $9,500. In fact, within the past 3 hours, bitcoin has dropped $500, despite the momentum it gained throughout the past 24 hours.  Within a span of four days, bitcoin went from $11,600 to $8,300, increased to $9,400, and declined to $8,950. Bitcoin’s extreme volatility is reflected by the market, which has followed the volatile trend of bitcoin throughout this week.   Many analysts have attributed the decline in the price of bitcoin and the volatility of the market to the sell off of bitcoin by the Mt. Gox trustee. According to the official document released by the trustee, over $1.5 billion worth of bitcoin are yet to be sold.  The issue with the sell off is that the Mt. Gox trustee intends to sell the remaining bitcoin on cryptocurrency exchanges, rather than in the over-the-counter market. Massive sell orders can drastically impact the cryptocurrency market especially in a recovery period like this, when volumes are relatively low on most cryptocurrency exchanges.   There are optimistic developments being pursued in Japan, South Korea, and other regions that could significantly improve the adoption of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Japan in the mid to long-term. Today, CCN reported that South Korea’s largest internet conglomerate Kakao, which operates KakaoTalk, KakaoPay, KakaoTaxi, KakaoStory, Dunamoo (UpBit), and many other applications, plans to integrate cryptocurrencies by the end of 2018.  But, in the short-term, despite the innovative developments in the cryptocurrency sector, most cryptocurrencies including bitcoin will likely remain extremely volatile in the range of $9,000 to $11,000, until a major break occurs and the cryptocurrency market moves in an upward manner at a similar rate as December 2017.  Ethereum and Alternative Cryptocurrencies  Analysts are divided on the future trend of Ethereum and its performance against Ethereum. Some have claimed that bitcoin will likely remain as the best performing cryptocurrency as newcomers come into the market and invest in the dominant cryptocurrency first, before moving to other cryptocurrencies.  Some state that the performance of tokens could push the price of Ethereum up in the short-term, especially in a period in which all tokens are down about 50 percent from their all-time highs.  While it is difficult to predict the trend of cryptocurrencies in a highly volatile period, it is important to acknowledge the factors behind the decline and reasons as to why the cryptocurrency market is struggling, to evaluate the future trend of the market.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Exchange Prasos Falling out of Favor with Finnish Banks Twitter  Banks in Finland are turning down business with a large Nordic cryptocurrency exchange.  Prasos, based in Finland, has now had four bank accounts closed and is now dependent on just one account. The platform exchanges cryptocurrencies for euros and relies upon banks for its service, but they ’re becoming increasingly wary due to uncertainty regarding the legality of the operations.  Cryptocurrency regulation is currently unclear, but banks are erring on caution. They ’re particularly wary of involvement with money laundering, believing the anonymous or pseudo-anonymous nature of virtual currencies to be shaky legal ground. An agreement was reached at the European Union last year which we would see cryptocurrency fall under the same anti-money laundering regulation as fiat funds, and whilst this is not yet being enforced, banks are keeping w ell clear of involvement.  The Prasos platform has lost its connection with banks following a tenfold increase in volume since the prior year, with the $185m sum raising suspicions among institutions.  Founded in 2012, the Prasos team were united by the vision of a societal revolution using blockchain technology, stating their mission as to provide services that are easy to use to spread blockchain adoption.  “We believe cryptocurrencies are a way of equalizing societal power structures as they allow regular people the chance to control their own money. ”  Prasos, in fact, hosts six separate services, and boast five years of expertise in blockchain technology, currently specializing in the development of Lightning Networks. The most well-known is Coinmotion, the investment platform, but investors an also access Bittiraha, a Bitcoin broker service. Alongside these services, the platform offers Coinmotion Instant, an instant crypto currency purchase platform, and merchant services are on the way.  Most interestingly of all, however, is Prasos ’ Denarium service, which offers physical Bitcoins, available in brass, silver and gold.  The company is also looking to the future with the Bittimaatti service, which is providing Bitcoin ATMs:      #Bittimaatti  löytyy nyt myös Lappeenrannasta.  #Bitcoin -automaattimme on Kauppakeskus Oprin yhteydessä toimivassa Hobbitti-liikkeessä. Lue lisää automaateistamme täältä:  https://t.co/JPMIoJIwlm   pic.twitter.com/ARoorLnDR6  — Bittimaatti (@Bittimaatti)  February 26, 2018      Whilst banks may be cautious, Prasos is confident that they are acting legally an here for the future. They told  reporters  of increasing Know Your Customer compliance, which came into effect this month.  “We’ve created identification practices, which we have taken into use in March, and they comply fully with anti-money laundering laws and regulations, even though authorities do not even require this from us as our business in not under regulatory obligations.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   We Shouldn’t Ban Bitcoin, Says Former FDIC Chair Sheila Bair Twitter  The former director of the US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) Sheila Bair has doubled down on her stance in stating cryptocurrencies like bitcoin shouldn’t be outlawed.  The former chairperson of the FDIC, a US federal government agency that provides insurance to bank deposits, has suggested regulation of activities surrounding cryptocurrencies instead of a blanket ban enforced by the likes of China on crypto markets. The high-profile former official said bitcoin is similar to US dollars in lacking an “intrinsic value”.  In a wide-ranging interview with  Barrons , Bair was quoted as stating:  “I don’t think we should ban it – the green bills in your pocket don’t have an intrinsic value, either. The value is based on what others think is its value. That’s true of any currency. ”  Bair has expressed  similar opinions  on cryptocurrencies in the past, arguing that the value of ‘money’ since the dawn of commerce has depended “more on psychology than physical attributes”.  Bair, who served as FDIC chair under both Presidents George Bush and Barack Obama from 2006-2011 has previously been ranked by Forbes as the world’s second most powerful woman after German chancellor Angela Merkel. Among other roles, Bair is now a member of blockchain startup Paxos’ board of directors.  Bair’s endorsement of bitcoin goes hand-in-hand with her suggestion that authorities should bring regulation that focuses on “good disclosure, education, warding off fraud and making sure it is not used for illegal activities.”  It’s a hands-off approach that suits crypto markets everywhere else, she insisted, stating:  “Let the market figure out what it’s worth. That is what it is doing now. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Chinese E-Commerce Giant JD Launches Blockchain Accelerator Twitter  JD.com, China’s largest retailer and e-commerce company, has launched AI Catapult, an accelerator for the developing  blockchain  technology and artificial intelligence, the company announced on its website.  As part of JD’s AI program, AI Catapult will partner with blockchain startups to develop new businesses and test real-world applications of their technologies at scale.  Logistics Access For Startups  Startups will work with JD.com teams which provide access to the largest nationwide, last-mile logistics network.  JD.com has developed AI applications in  China  and at a Silicon Valley lab.  HD.com, for example, uses blockchain technology in its supply chains to ensue product safety. With AI Catapult, the company plans to deploy these technologies in more areas and at a greater frequency.  AI Catapult already includes companies such as Chinese  fintech  pioneer Bankorous; Australia’s cryptocurrency leader CanYa; Bluezelle, a blockchain-powered database service in Singapore; London-based Nuggets, an ID platform and payments platform built on blockchain; and Devery, an open source, blockchain powered product verification protocol.  JD.com has more than 266 million customers.  A Boost For Blockchain?  Bowen Zhou, vice president of the company’s AI platform and research division, said the company is in a unique position to explore AI and blockchain potential in global commerce.  AI Catapult will also help JD.com’s AI research division find ways to use AI to improve blockchain technology, with a focus on scalability, security, privacy, efficiency and energy consumption that will bring positive social impacts in addition to business benefits.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   US Government Wants to Seize 500 BTC from Alleged ID Forgers Twitter  The US government is seeking to confiscate 500 bitcoins from individuals charged with creating and distributing forged identification documents.  On Thursday, the US Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of Ohio  announced  that four individuals had been indicted for allegedly manufacturing and transferring falsified documents such as drivers’ licenses and personal identification cards issued by the states of Ohio, Michigan, and Utah.  According to the indictments, authorities seized more than 500 bitcoins from the defendants  — worth $5.4 million at the  present exchange rate   — along with $8,603 in cash and $265,299 worth of gold and silver bullion. The individuals had allegedly been running their forgery operation since 2013, but the press release did not indicate whether the addresses associated with those coins had claimed the Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin Gold airdropped from their respective hard forks.  The Department of Justice has asked the court to force the defendants to forfeit those assets under the country’s controversial civil asset forfeiture laws, after which the government would likely auction them to the general public.  The government has held several such auctions over the years, most of which involved the 144,336 BTC seized from  Ross Ulbricht , who operated the dark web marketplace Silk Road. The US Marshals Service only netted about $48 million from the Silk Road coins, which are now worth $1.6 billion  — a figure that does not include the value of coins created through subsequent Bitcoin forks.  Last month, the Marshals auctioned off another  3,813 BTC  seized from a variety of individuals charged in criminal, civil, and administrative cases.  As CCN  reported , Finland ’s government is also likely to hold its first Bitcoin sale, as the country ’s Treasury Department has recommended that the government auction off approximately 2,000 BTC seized in connection with drug busts carried out in 2016. Most of these coins were seized from an individual later convicted of selling narcotics and performance-enhancing drugs on Silk Road. Those coins are now worth approximately $21.7 million.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   First Bitcoin Cash Ransomware Makes It Impossible to Decrypt Files Twitter  Ransomware extortionists have seemingly started using Bitcoin Cash (BCH) for ransom payments as well, according to a report published by  Bleeping Computer . The first ransomware strain to use the cryptocurrency, dubbed Thanatos, makes it impossible for users to decrypt their files, even after paying.  Per Bleeping Computer, the ransomware was first discovered by cybersecurity researcher  MalwareHunterTeam . After infecting a victim, Thanatos uses a new key for each file it encrypts, but doesn’t store the keys anywhere. As a result, it’s impossible for the ransomware’s developer to decrypt a victim’s files.  Those affected by Thanatos are advised not to pay the ransom. According to researchers, the only way to get rid of it is by brute forcing the encryption key for each file, meaning victims should contact cybersecurity firms for help.  Thanatos is notably the first ransomware strain to accept Bitcoin Cash for payments, along with Bitcoin and Ethereum. After a user is infected, a readme.txt file opens up, telling them to send the equivalent of $200 to a BTC, ETH, or BCH wallet. Bleeping Computer’s report reads:  “This ransom note contains instructions to send a $200 USD ransom payment to one of the listed Bitcoin, Ethereum, or Bitcoin Cash addresses. The user is then instructed to contact  [email  protected]  with their unique victim ID in order to receive a decryption program.”  At the end of the note, the extortionists try to coerce victims into paying by implying no one can help. It reads that files can only be decrypted by the ransomware’s authors, although researchers pointed out even they can’t do it.  The growing popularity of cryptocurrencies has been helping ransomware extortionists’ business. As covered by CCN, a Google report revealed that they  netted $25 million in two years . The business is so popular that a Tor Proxy service was caught diverting some of their bitcoin payments.  Security researchers advise users to regularly backup their files in a secure and reliable way, to use proper security software, and to never open attachments when the sender is unknown. Furthermore, users should make sure their software is updated as older programs often contain security vulnerabilities.  Other security tips include using strong passwords, and never reusing the same password in any circumstance. As reported, even darknet  Dream Market users were caught for reusing their passwords .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   SEC Wants to ‘Know Everything’ about $250 Million tZero ICO: Overstock CEO Twitter  The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) wants to “know everything” about the $250 million tZero ICO.  SEC Wants to ‘Know Everything’ about $250 Million tZero ICO, Says Overstock  That’s according to Overstock CEO Patrick Byrne, who told  Bloomberg  that the regulatory agency was not only asking “very broad questions” about the company’s plans for tZero and its blockchain subsidiaries in general but was also making detailed inquiries into specific aspects of the token sale, such as how the company ensures ICO contributors are accredited.  Byrne, however, said that the company was “super compliant” and not concerned about the investigation.  “They want to know everything about what we’re doing in the world of ICOs and they want to have a conversation, ” said Byrne. “We’re super compliant. We welcome this.”  As CCN  reported , Overstock disclosed in a March 1 filing that the SEC was probing the  tZero ICO , which has raised $115 million from approximately 1,100 accredited investors and is expected to reach $250 million by the end of the sale.  Byrne stressed that Overstock had provided documents voluntarily  — indicating that it was not one of the “dozens” of companies to  receive SEC subpoenas   — and he lauded the agency for stepping up its enforcement of the ICO ecosystem.  “It’s way past due the SEC comes in and looks at this,” he said.  The SEC has expressed particular interest in the  “simple agreements for future tokens ”  — more commonly known by the acronym SAFT  — that ICO operators have used to accept contributions from accredited investors while also claiming an exemption from SEC registration requirements.  Overstock Shares Slide on Probe Disclosure  But although Byrne may claim to welcome the SEC ’s inquiry, the timing of the probe’s disclosure could not have been much worse for Overstock, as the firm announced the same day that it was opening the next round of the tZero ICO.  Shares of the Salt Lake City-based e-commerce firm slid on news of the probe as well, falling as much as 10 percent during intraday trading before closing at $57.75, 4.4 percent below their previous-day level.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   BOE ’s Carney: Time to Hold Cryptocurrencies to Wider Financial System Standards Twitter  Bank of England Governor Mark Carney does not support a ban on cryptocurrencies, favoring instead what sounds a lot like patchwork regulation. Carney made his largely sanguine remarks on crypto virtually, seemingly on cue, March 2 before students at the inaugural Scottish Economics Conference, an audience who he pointed out may very well own bitcoin, ether or Scotland ’s digital currency Scotcoin.  Speaking on a topic he entitled  “To Isolate, Regulate or Integrate, ” Carney decided that isolating society in a jurisdiction from cryptocurrencies could do more harm than good, pointing to China as an example of what not to do.  “If widely adopted, however, isolation risks foregoing potentially major opportunities from the development of the underlying payments technologies. ”  China was one of the most active countries in the space only to infamously ban exchanges, banks and payment providers from any crypto-related activity. Instead, Carney points to a  “better path, ” one that is comprised of regulation for components of the cryptocurrency market to fight fraud and support market integrity and security for the financial system at large.  On that note, he wants to hold cryptocurrencies  “to the same standard as the rest of the financial system, ” where there is a higher privilege but also greater responsibility.  “A better path would be to regulate elements of the crypto-asset ecosystem to combat illicit activities, promote market integrity, and protect the safety and soundness of the financial system, ” he stated.  “The time has come to hold the crypto-asset ecosystem to the same standards as the rest of the financial system. Being part of the financial system brings enormous privileges, but with them great responsibilities. ”  Early Innings  He discussed the progress that has been made thus far, such as EU and US regulators holding cryptocurrency exchanges up to the same anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism protocols as the more highly regulated banks. More work needs to be done, and regulators are grappling with issues such as how to classify cryptocurrencies to begin. Carney suggests they fall in the securiti es camp, and regulating them as such would be a step in the right direction.  Carney got more specific, calling out initial coin offerings, or ICOs, for circumventing securities laws that are there to protect individual investors by relying on  “semantics. ”  Carney believes that the US CME ’s and CBOE ’s launch of bitcoin futures has the potential to advance the crypto market toward a higher standard.  Carney ’s remarks are timely, as they come ahead of the Financial Stability Board ’s report  “on the financial stability implications of crypto-assets ” to the G20 summit to be held in Buenos Aires later this month.  In his remarks, Carney also took on the role of digital assets as a currency and a store of value. And while he doesn ’t expect cryptocurrencies to replace fiat money anytime soon, he warned don ’t cramp their style.  “Whatever the merits of cryptocurrencies as money, authorities should be careful not to stifle innovations which could in the future improve financial stability; support more innovative, efficient and reliable payment services as well as have wider applications. ”  Carney fittingly quoted American economist Hyman Minsky, saying, “Everyone can create money; the problem is to get it accepted. ” Don ’t look now but cryptocurrencies appear to be doing just that.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Venezuelan President Orders Airlines to Accept Petro, Cryptocurrencies for Tickets Twitter  Venezuela’s oil-backed cryptocurrency keeps making headlines, as the country’s  cryptocurrency superintendent , Carlos Vargas, recently announced that airlines in Venezuela can now accept the Petro (PTR) and other cryptocurrencies as a payment method.  The cryptocurrency superintendent announced the move according to instructions from the country’s president, Nicolás Maduro. Via Twitter, he revealed it stating that “airlines are allowed to sell tickets on domestic and international flights in «Petro» and other cryptocurrencies.”   Siguiendo instrucciones del presidente Nicolás Maduro, se autoriza a las Aerolíneas el cobro de los boletos nacionales e internacionales en Petro y otras Criptomonedas #VenezuelaEsInclusión  — Carlos Vargas (@SupCarlosV)  March 1, 2018   Earlier this month, Maduro  ordered several state-owned businesses  to transact in Petro when buying and selling products and services. These businesses include PDVSA, a state-owned oil and natural gas company, as well as the Corporacion Venezolana de Guyana (CVG), a decentralized conglomerate whose subsidiaries include precious metal producers.  According to local news source  Telesur , since the Petro was launched on February 20, investors and entrepreneurs from 127 different countries have shown interest in the cryptocurrency. As recently  covered by CCN , this meant over 171,000 individuals and companies registered for the pre-sale.  On Twitter, the government further revealed that 40.8 percent of contributors plan on transacting with the USD, while 6.5 percent would purchase their PTR tokens with EUR. Bitcoin and Ethereum followed, with 33.8 and 18.4 of pre-registrations.  Per Nicolás Maduro, Petro’s token-sale  raised $735 million in its first day . Telesur reports that the cryptocurrency has now “generated business over $3 billion.” None of these claims is backed by any evidence.  Following some confusion regarding  Petro’s underlying blockchain , observers found that a  NEM wallet  believed to belong to the Venezuelan government has yet to distribute any of the millions of Petro tokens in the pre-sale.  Petro Gold Announced Last Week  Venezuela ’s cryptocurrency was issued as a tool to evade economic sanctions levied against the country by the US. Senators in the US have denounced the cryptocurrency, while Venezuela’s opposition-run congress declared its sale is an “ illegal and unconstitutional ” instrument to mortgage the country’s oil reserves.  Nevertheless, Maduro has announced a second state-backed cryptocurrency, the Petro Gold, set to be backed by precious metals. As  covered by CCN , the Petro Gold was announced “next week” on February 22. At the time, the Venezuelan leader stated:  “Next week I‘m going to launch the petro gold, backed by gold, which is even more powerful, that will strengthen the petro.”  Since the launch of Petro ’s pre-sale, other countries revealed plans to launch their own cryptocurrencies. These include Iran, which recently  backpedaled on bitcoin , and Turkey.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Venezuela’s Petro “May Help the Global Currency System”: Chinese Credit Rating Giant Twitter  Dagong Global Credit Rating, one of China’s biggest credit rating agencies, recently published a  report  commenting on Venezuela’s oil-backed cryptocurrency, the Petro (PTR). Per the report, the cryptocurrency “may help the global currency system return to its basic value.”  While the agency doesn’t assert whether the Petro can help Venezuela’s economy, it points out the issuance of an oil-backed cryptocurrency is significant as it differentiates it from other cryptocurrencies like bitcoin that aren’t backed by any assets.  Venezuela’s effort, the agency wrote, can “generate useful lessons on how defects of the international currency system can be mended so that the system can return to its basic value.” Being backed by the country’s oil reserves means the Petro is protected from speculation and volatility, Dagong reports.  The report further points out that since the collapse of the Bretton Woods system, the international currency system has been dominated by the US dollar. The currency’s credit foundation, Dagong continues, has been weakened by the country’s “issuance of currency in excess of its wealth creation ability.”  The report reads:  “The frequent occurrence of credit crisis is evidence of the inadequacy in the US dollar to effectively play the role of the international reserve currency. Under such circumstances, the innovation of petro may provide useful lessons for all countries to explore and experiment with new forms of currency backed by material wealth and good for cross-border payments and internatio nal financing.”  The Bretton Woods Conference set up a system of fixed exchange rates based on the value of gold, created the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and World Bank, and saw the US dollar become the international reserve currency. The system ended in 1971 under president Richard M. Nixon.  Dagong’s report ends by stating that Petro’s backup reserves aren’t renewable. The cryptocurrency’s success, as such, will depend on Venezuela’s ability to create wealth. The report reads:  “A nation’s incremental wealth creation ability is the key to its virtual currency’s credibility. In the case of petro, it must rely for its sustainability on Venezuela’s recovery in wealth creation ability. Once its issuer nation breaks away from restrains of its incremental wealth creation ability, the currency price will deviate from its value, and set the stage for a new cr edit crisis.”  Dagong further revealed that it will be closely watching the Petro’s developments. As covered by CCN, Petro’s pre-sale is ongoing and, according to the country’s leader Nicolás Maduro,  171,000 companies and individuals registered  to purchase the token.  The token sale reportedly netted $735 million in its first day, although no evidence was provided. Venezuela has since  ordered state-owned companies  to accept payments in the cryptocurrency, and announced a new cryptocurrency set to be backed by precious metals, the  Petro Gold .  Since the Petro pre-sale begun, other countries have revealed they’re looking to issue their own cryptocurrencies. Among these are Iran,  which recently backpedaled on bitcoin,  Russia who’s planning to launch a “ CryptoRuble ,” and Turkey.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrencies to Overtake 25% of Fiat Money by 2030, Says Futurist  Twitter  Futurist speaker Thomas Frey has a vision of a decentralized future. Frey, whose titles according to his Twitter profile include architect of the future, author and senior futurist at the DaVinci Institute, made a bold forecast about the future of cryptocurrencies, one that involves them overtaking fiat money in just a little more than a decade.  He told Time ’s Money ,  “Cryptocurrency is very much here to stay [and] are going to displace roughly 25% of national currencies by 2030. They’re just much more efficient, the way they run.”  He didn ’t say which ones, however.  Bitcoin is deemed both a digital currency and a store of value, and while it has made strides as a payment method it ’s still not an option at most US and UK e-commerce businesses or brick-and-mortar retail locations. That makes Frey ’s prediction that much more impressive.  He went on to discuss the International Monetary Foundation (IMF), pointing to remarks by managing director Christine Lagarde, who incidentally bemoans the amount of electricity that bitcoin mining commands. But Frey ’s point surrounds what the uncanny ability of bitcoin and the others to disrupt banks.  “When people like Christine Lagarde say cryptocurrencies could displace central banks and international banking, that’s very significant,” he noted.  Frey, who is scheduled to address US Fed officials about cryptocurrencies later this year, equated bitcoin transactions to real estate deals. Instead of physical property, the seller is letting go of a  “digital chunk … in the cloud. ” His categorization isn ’t too far removed from how the US Internal Revenue Service (IRS) depicts cryptocurrencies as property, though bitcoin transactions aren ’t subject to  the same tax benefits  as real estate sales.  Futurists make predictions about the future such as this pithy observation by Frey   –   "Our children 's children, who haven 't even been born yet, are counting on us to make great decisions! " More at  https://t.co/8VMF5sOepB   pic.twitter.com/bG8tn2Ei6l  — Thomas Frey (@ThomasFrey)  March 1, 2018   ‘Legitimate Asset Class ’  Frey wasn ’t the only futurist who weighed in on the future of cryptocurrencies and their role in the financial system. James Canton of the Institute for Global Futures has observed what many others have been trying to say  —  “the legitimization of a new asset class emerging alongside the traditional global economy. ”  Canton compares this new asset class to that of stocks and bonds, saying cryptocurrencies are similarly a cyclical market, one that will result both in declines and  “possibly  … vast riches. ” Despite the volatility, he recommends  “it’s a worthy area for people to experiment with their investment portfolios really carefully.” Investors are increasingly getting the opportunity to do so, as Canton predicts a rising number of  “investment vehicles to come from crypto finance. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   China Is Monitoring Offshore Cryptocurrency Exchanges: Local Report Twitter  China is once again stepping up its enforcement of policies prohibiting cryptocurrency trading, amid reports that domestic traders have managed to circumvent these restrictions by accessing offshore exchanges.  That’s according to a report in Shanghai-based publication  Yicai , which said that the department in charge of supervising the country’s public communications networks had begun closely monitoring offshore cryptocurrency exchanges, in addition to domestic websites used by traders and investors to facilitate peer-to-peer (P2P) trades.  The department has placed particular scrutiny on cryptocurrency exchanges that were formerly headquartered in mainland China but relocated their operations in response to the  fiat-to-cryptocurrency trading ban , which was put in force by the People’s Bank of China (PBoC) last September.  The government claims that it has implemented these policies to prevent pyramid schemes, money laundering, and other fraudulent activities associated with the cryptocurrency industry.  Despite actively policing these cryptocurrency trading venues, authorities have spent the ensuing months struggling to maintain enforcement of those stringent policies, as small-scale traders have begun trading through P2P and over-the-counter (OTC) platforms, while others have successfully opened accounts at offshore platforms that offer conventional order-book trading.  Nevertheless, in many respects, authorities have been largely successful in their quest to curtail trading  — even if they have failed to stamp it out entirely.  As CCN  reported , these restrictions caused cryptocurrency trading volume denominated in the Chinese renminbi (RMB) to plummet from a peak of 90 percent to a present value estimated to be less than one percent.  Many cryptocurrency skeptics expected that such a dramatic drop-off in China-based trading would spell doom for Bitcoin and its competitors, but those predictions have been proven wrong.  Indeed, this squeeze on mainland RMB trading failed to have a lasting effect on the global cryptocurrency markets, and both South Korea and Japan and have emerged in the incident’s wake as major forces in both the regional and global ecosystems.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   South Korean ‘Big Five’ Bank Completes Ripple Remittance Trial Twitter  Woori Bank, one of South Korea’s biggest banks, has reportedly completed a successful overseas remittance trial enabled by the blockchain technology developed by Ripple.  South Korean ‘big five’ bank Woori has completed the second phase of an overseas remittance trial using San Francisco-based enterprise blockchain startup Ripple, a move that sees the commercialization of blockchain cross-border payments as early as this year, local business publication  Chosun  reports.  According to the report, the trial marks phase two of the Seoul-based bank’s Digital Strategy Department endeavor to explore blockchain applications in real-world remittances following the first test near the end of January. The bank’s foreign exchange and IT departments are set to work on introducing and commercializing the technology soon, the report added.  The trial is a part of a larger effort by some 60 Japanese banks participating in a broader Ripple blockchain-based remittance experiment, led by Japan’s SBI Group. Japanese financial giant SBI has notably partnered Ripple to establish  SBI Ripple Asia , a joint venture that is testing a blockchain remittance platform for  instant payments between banks  Japan and South Korea.  In March 2017, a consortium of  47 Japanese banks  led by SBI Ripple Asia successfully piloted RC Cloud, a Ripple-powered cloud payments platform to enable real-time domestic and international money transfers. All of which point to a sweeping pivot toward cross-border transfers by banks looking for cheaper, more efficient and faster transactions by ignoring the traditional centralized middleman.  Ripple’s effort to make a splash in the global remittance space is gathering pace with a growing clientele list that includes some of the  world’s largest banks ,  payments providers  and even traditional  remittance giants  trialing the startup’s blockchain tech.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Goldman Sachs Official: Cryptocurrencies in  ‘Current Format ’ Are in a Bubble Twitter  Sharmin Mossavar-Rahmani is CIO of the Private Wealth Management Group at Goldman Sachs and responsible for guiding millions of dollars of fiat investments. According to the transcript of an  interview , cryptocurrencies have been a hot topic for the firm with investors highly keen to learn more about them and the blockchain technology they utilize. Whilst the company recognizes the potential of blockchain technology, the firm is not surprisingly bearish regarding the fully decentralized currencies that currently exist.  “Our view is that while we like the concept of blockchain, and think it will evolve into a useful tool for companies, for the financial industry, we think cryptocurrencies in their current format, meaning that in the current incarnation, are in a bubble. ”  She went on to compare the current situation to a range of well-known bubbles, such as TOPIX in 1990, Nasdaq in 2000, and even to the tulip mania of the 1600s  – describing cryptocurrencies as  “astronomically ” more of a bubble.  Later in the report however Mossavar-Rahmani seemingly contradicts this statement, acknowledging that cryptocurrencies in fact make up less than 1% of global GDP (today ’s total market caps $0.5t). To put it into perspective, Gold currently has an estimated marketcap of  $8t , and the dotcom bubble of 2000 is estimated to have been  $7t . To go one step further, we can look at the 2008 global financial crisis, caused by excessive risk taking by banking group Lehman Brothers and a hugely inflated housing market. Subprime mortgages of questionable value were sold at a huge premium  – vastly inflating the market. When it crashed, $6t of investors money vanished with it.  It ’s also interesting to note that gold and housing investments are entirely speculative, whilst cryptocurrencies are beginning to offer real world functionality that will likely disrupt industries across the board  – including the financial sector. This fact may be at the heart of the fear, uncertainty and doubt emanating from large financial institutions. Decentralized virtual currencies are not controllable, and big banks can ’t receive huge payouts from a federal reserve on a regular basis. Comments from Mossavar-Rahmani today certainly imply this:  “Is there room for a digital currency, maybe sponsored by one of the major central banks like the Federal Reserve? Yes. Could it be incredibly useful? Could it reduce transaction costs? Yes. But not these ones. ”  Here  “these ones ” refer to currencies uncontrollable by banking and governmental authorities. It ’s a clear sign that the financial industry is starting to grow worried regarding the development of cryptocurrencies that take away their economic power. It ’s an idea that builds upon revelations from earlier this week, were a memo from Goldman Sachs to the SEC  was leaked  stating that the institution  “may be, or may become, exposed to risks related to distributed ledger technology ”. Goldman Sachs aren ’t the only institution growing worried, earlier this month it was revealed that Bank of America regards cryptocurrencies as a  fundamental threat  to their business model.  Centralized financial institutions are right to fear cryptocurrencies. Currently they wield enormous power over global citizens, able to maximize profits in increasingly more dangerous financial games. When the bubble pops, sending the global economy crashing into years of decline, it ’s taxpayers who must step in and bail out the banks to the tune of trillions of dollars. With virtual currencies, centralized authorities become increasingly superfluous, as citizens become able to borrow, lend and invest on a decentralized trustless and low-fee global network.  Whilst the rise of cryptocurrencies has certainly been meteoric and the current marketcap is still largely speculative, the notion that this is the largest economic bubble in history is a shame-faced attempt at spreading fear, uncertainty and doubt. It ’s a clear indication of a highly worried centralized system facing a future in which it has no place.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Flirts with $11,000 as Other Top Coins Retreat  Twitter  The Bitcoin price continued to flirt with the $11,000 threshold on Friday, even as other top cryptocurrencies experienced minor declines. Meanwhile, another former top 10-cryptocurrency is eyeing a return to this exclusive list.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Altogether, the  cryptocurrency market cap  rose by approximately $11 billion on Friday  — a single-day increase of two percent  — and is currently valued at $462.6 billion.  Bitcoin Price Flirts with $11,000  The  Bitcoin price  posted the best single-day performance among large-cap coins with an index-matching two percent increase. At present, the flagship cryptocurrency is trading at $10,932, representing a slight pullback from the intraday peak of $11,189 it hit earlier this morning. Bitcoin now has a $185.1 billion market cap, and its share of the total cryptocurrency market cap has shot up to 40.7 percent.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Ethereum Price Posts Minor Decline  The  Ethereum price , meanwhile, posted a minor decline for the day, falling one percent to a present value of $861. Ethereum currently has an $84.3 billion market cap, which translates into an 18.6 percent share of the index.  Ethereum Price Chart  Top-Tier Altcoins See Minor Declines, But a Former Member Eyes a Comeback  Top-tier altcoins posted a comprehensive pullback against the US dollar, although these losses were minor. Outside the top 10, however, prices saw much more action, and one former member is knocking on the top 10-club ’s door.  Altcoin Price Chart  The Ripple price, Bitcoin Cash price, and Litecoin price each posted one percent declines and are currently trading at $0.89, $1,274, and $206, respectively.  EOS, NEO, and Cardano, meanwhile, made single-day retreats of about three percent, forcing their prices down to respective values of $8.18, $125, and $0.28.  Stellar posted a top 10-worst four percent decline, while IOTA rounded out the top 10 with a two percent dip to $1.93.  However, IOTA may not hold that position for much longer. Privacy-centric cryptocurrency Monero achieved a seven percent gain for the day  — better than any top 10-coin  — and it currently sits in 11th with a $5 billion market cap, meaning it needs just an eight percent increase relative to IOTA to reclaim a spot in the top 10.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Crypto Exchange Poloniex Acquisition Rumored to Have Cost Circle $400 Million Twitter  Fintech startup Circle reportedly paid $400 million to acquire cryptocurrency exchange Poloniex, positioning the institutionally-backed company as a direct rival to Coinbase in the US market.  Poloniex Acquisition Rumored to Have Cost Circle $400 Million  On Monday, CCN  reported  on Circle’s acquisition of Poloniex, which is currently the world’s 14th-largest exchange by 24-hour trading volume. The companies did not disclose the terms of the deal, but  Fortune ,citing an unnamed source familiar with the matter, has reported that Circle paid $400 million to acquire the US firm, which is headquartered in Boston.  This acquisition, one of the largest in the industry’s history, is notable for a variety of reasons, not the least of which is that Goldman Sachs, Baidu, and a number of other notable firms have invested in Circle. Consequently, despite Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein’s  sometimes-critical comments  on cryptocurrency, his firm now indirectly owns stakes in both an  institutional cryptocurrency trading desk  and a cryptocurrency exchange.  This, perhaps, could indicate that institutional firms are becoming more comfortable with being linked to companies planted firmly in the center of the cryptocurrency supply chain  — if only through indirect associations.  To some extent, this process has already begun in several major Asian markets. Upbit  — now one of South Korea ’s largest exchanges  — was  established  earlier this year by a subsidiary of internet company Kakao. In a similar move, Japanese messaging platform giant Line recently  filed an application  with regulators to establish a cryptocurrency exchange, although this application is still under review.  Firms Line up to Take Shot at Coinbase Dominance  As Fortune further noted in its lengthy piece on the acquisition, the addition of Poloniex provides Circle  — which also operates a lucrative over-the-counter (OTC) trading desk  — revenue figures comparable to those of industry giant Coinbase, which is rumored to have made about  $1 billion in revenue  in 2017.  Circle also plans to roll out a new product this year  —  Circle Invest   — that will offer a range of brokerage and custodial services similar to those currently available at Coinbase.  However, Circle is just one of several firms positioning themselves as direct rivals to the cryptocurrency industry giant, which has thus far dominated the cryptoasset brokerage market in the US and a variety of other countries.  Last week, stock trading app  Robinhood  began accepting users from five states into the early access program for its new cryptocurrency trading platform, which allows retail investors to trade cryptocurrencies alongside stocks and exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in a single brokerage account.  Mobile payments firm Square recently rolled out Bitcoin trading in its popular  Cash App , and this feature is now available to most US customers.  Tokyo-based cryptocurrency exchange  bitFlyer  opened a US branch last year, and it now  claims  to be the only cryptocurrency trading platform licensed on three different continents.  Finally, Canada-based cryptocurrency trading platform Coinsquare is preparing to  raise $120 million  through an initial public offering (IPO) later this year, funds it has said it will help it become a  “strong competitor to Coinbase …by the end of the year. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Circle Acquires Poloniex, to Focus on Crypto Assets and Bringing Fiat Pairs Twitter  Circle, a payments and cryptocurrency company that  raised over $100 million  from leading venture capital firms and financial institutions like Goldman Sachs, has acquired cryptocurrency exchange Poloniex to serve the token market.  Crypto Assets, Fiat Pairs  Sean Neville and Jeremy Allaire, the co-founders of Circle, officially announced the acquisition of Poloniex by Circle on February 26, welcoming the founding team of Poloniex along with the cryptocurrency exchange’s existing user base.   The company noted that under the umbrella of Circle Trade, Poloniex will begin to provide significant liquidity and an efficient trading platform for investors in the global cryptocurrency market. With Circle’s resources and capital, Allaire assured that Poloniex will be able to scale effectively, with risk, compliance, and technical operations handled by the Circle team.  “Circle Trade serves institutions and investors as one of the world’s largest providers of crypto asset liquidity; and our forthcoming Circle Invest app enables individuals to tap into crypto asset investment through a simple, seamless, mobile experience. Now Poloniex addresses another key element of Circle’s product foundation: An open global token marketplace,” said Circle.  At one point, Poloniex was the largest cryptocurrency exchange in the global market, before the entrance of major cryptocurrency trading platforms like Bittrex and Binance. It was the first exchange to offer cryptocurrency-to-cryptocurrency trading at a large scale.  In the upcoming months, the Circle development team is expected to focus on improving the infrastructure of Poloniex in terms scalability, reliability, and robustness. The Circle team further emphasized that it will allocate its resources in supporting tokens or crypto assets, and introducing fiat pairs with which traders can trade between cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies l ike the US dollar and British pound. The Circle team said:  “We also look forward to scaling Poloniex up and out through market expansion and localization, increasing token listings where possible and appropriate, and exploring the fiat USD, EUR, and GBP connectivity that Circle already brings to its compliant Pay, Trade, and Invest products. More on these efforts to come.”  Competition  Within 6 months, Binance became the largest cryptocurrency exchange in the world, adding more than a million users per month. On average, Binance records over $2 billion in daily trading volume, mostly coming from alternative cryptocurrencies and tokens.  Essentially, Poloniex is targeting the same market as Binance, and given the dominance of Binance and other cryptocurrency-to-cryptocurrency exchanges such as OKEx and Bittrex, it is not realistic for Poloniex to overtake these platforms in the short-term.  But, with fiat pairings, Poloniex could appeal to a larger consumer base seeking for a cryptocurrency exchange that supports both fiat currencies and tokens that allow traders to both hedge the value of cryptocurrencies to fiat currencies and purchase tokens with fiat money.  The Circle team also noted that with the acquisition of Poloniex, it will delve into the development of a decentralized marketplace for assets, physical goods, and other commodities.  “We envision a robust multi-sided distributed marketplace that can host tokens which represent everything of value: physical goods, fundraising and equity, real estate, creative productions such as works of art, music and literature, service leases and time-based rentals, credit, futures, and more,” added Allaire.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   UK SME Owners Anticipate Cryptocurrency Going Mainstream by 2020 Twitter  SME owners in the UK see cryptocurrency becoming mainstream within two years, according to a new survey by English card machine provider  Paymentsense .  The national study, which gauged the responses of 504 small business owners in January, found that over a third (35 percent) anticipated cryptocurrency payments would become a valid and normal method of transacting within two years. Over one-fifth of the respondents (21 percent) were even more optimistic, predicting widespread acceptance to occur within a year.  Currently, only around thirteen percent of small business owners in the UK accept cryptocurrency payments. A further twenty-five percent believe crypto assets will never become a mainstream method of payment for goods and services.  The Tumeric Co., founded by international footballer Thomas Hal-Robson-Kanu, began accepting cryptocurrency payments  last year . “Instantaneous settlements with no need for centralised third parties and fees are a big plus,” he argued.  Some hurdles remain before cryptocurrencies can hit the high street, however. Cryptocurrencies have a history of extreme price volatility. Small to medium-sized business owners, especially in traditional industries, require certainty and security of payment methods.  Transaction speed is the key to overcoming price volatility, both real and perceived. There have been some positive developments on this front recently. Bitcoin’s gradual adoption of segregated Witness (SegWit) and the nascent lighting network are two significant technological achievements its developers have introduced recently.   The growing positive sentiment toward cryptocurrencies in the UK follows positive developments elsewhere. San Francisco-based startup Litepay  launched this month , allowing retailers to accept Litecoin, settled in fiat. Litepay joins Bitpay, which mid-last year  launched  a wallet app with prepaid Visa debit card integration.  In crypto-friendly Japan, Yamada Denki, the giant Japanese electronics store, recently  announced  it would trial Bitcoin acceptance at two of its Tokyo outlets, with plans for a nationwide rollout.   Last November, cryptocurrency point-of-sale (POS) solutions provider for Southeast Asian retailers,  Pundi X ,  successfully integrated into the NEM blockchain . Pundi X devices are now able to connect to both the Ethereum (ETH) and NEM (XEM) blockchains.  The adoption of cryptocurrencies as mainstream payment methods has been slow, but has recently shown signs of speeding up. Expedia and Overstock both started  accepting Bitcoin  as payment options in 2014. They were pioneers at the time.  If the growing  – albeit slow  – trend toward the more widespread adoption of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies is to continue, POS solutions providers such as Paymentsense will be key partners in enabling high street retailers to accept cryptocurrencies with confidence.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Remains Volatile, Litecoin Sustains Momentum With 4% Gains Twitter  Yesterday, on February 25, CCN reported that the cryptocurrency market struggled to maintain momentum in the $500 billion region, falling to $430 billion as sell volumes intensified. A similar trend occurred today, as most major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin struggled to record gains.  Bitcoin and Ethereum  On February 26, only Litecoin and Ethereum amongst the 10 most valuable cryptocurrencies in the global market managed to record daily gains. Ethereum’s native cryptocurrency Ether demonstrated a slight increase in value of 1 percent from $841 to $852, after dipping below $820 on February 25. Ether remains as the only cryptocurrency apart from Litecoin to show some upward moment um, but its trading volume is still relatively low.   Over the past few weeks, Ether has tended to follow the price trend of bitcoin throughout the recovery period from its monthly lows. But, in some periods, Ether moved in a divergent path from bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. Last week, when bitcoin spiked in value to $12,000, Ether and ERC 20 tokens or ICO tokens performed poorly. This week, Ether has performed better than bitcoin, moving in a different direction to the most dominant cryptocurrency in the market.  This week, bitcoin has struggled to remain above the $10,000 mark, which many analysts have described as the psychological threshold for traders. It is difficult to evaluate the short-term trend of bitcoin during this period in which bitcoin, the most liquid and dominant cryptocurrency in the market, is experiencing huge upswings and declines on a daily basis.  Merely one week ago, the price of bitcoin doubled from its yearly low at $6,100, breaching the $12,000 mark. In some regions like South Korea, the price of bitcoin briefly surpassed the $13,000 mark. As of today, the price of bitcoin remains below $9,600, demonstrating little signs of recovery back to the $12,000 level in the short-term, due to its low volumes.   In early February, as CCN reported, Pantera Capital’s Dan Morehead stated that the price of bitcoin will likely start increasing by the 72nd day since its major correction in January, given that most short-term bubbles typically tend to burst and momentum rebuilds in less than 3 months.  “So it seems like another couple of weeks and everything will be kind of normal and it could start grinding back up,” said Morehead.  Tether  Tether, a cryptocurrency that is backed by the US dollar at a 1:1 ratio, is an important indicator of the short-term performance of the cryptocurrency market. Many investors on major cryptocurrency exchanges like Binance and Bitfinex utilize Tether to hedge the value of cryptocurrencies during a volatile period, especially when the market begins to fall.  As of February 26, the daily trading volume of Tether is $1.975 billion, making it the second most liquid cryptocurrency behind bitcoin. The large daily trading volume of Tether indicates that many traders are uncertain about the short-term trend of major cryptocurrencies, and are hedging the value of cryptocurrencies in the market to the US dollar.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   China ’s State Media  & Largest Newspaper Lauds Blockchain Technology Twitter  China ’s state media today praised blockchain technology and the potential benefits it may bring to society.  The People ’s Daily  – China ’s largest newspaper and official outlet of the Communist party today published a feature article on blockchain technology. The piece was highly positive, describing the many potential benefits of the technology to both Chinese citizens and the paper ’s three million international readers.  It began by outlining the  “highly ingenious ” structure of distributed decentralized ledgers, before describing areas where the technology could be life-changing;  “financial difficulties, public welfare, supervision, counterfeiting and many other areas of pain and difficulty ”. Blockchain was described as potentially the next internet, with the publication stating that Chinese authorities would better promote and use blockchain technology in order to continue to improve infrastructure and strengthen the formulation of relevant laws and policies.  A distinction was however made between blockchain and cryptocurrencies  – the piece pointed out that blockchain is the underlying technology and infrastructure of bitcoin, but that there may be many more implementations of the technology. Whilst no direct criticism of virtual currencies was made, the piece did warn citizens of investing in overseas projects. Earlier this month China ’s Internet Financial Awareness body called for greater  awareness  regarding the risks of ICOs, (Initial Coin Offerings), and today ’s article expanded upon this statement. According to the article, most ICOs have nothing to do with technology development. Instead, they were described as  “fishing for capital ”  – a process draining good investment money into bad hands.  The Chinese authorities ’ attempts to spread awareness of the risks of ICO ’s follow strong crackdowns. Last September the government issued a  sweeping ban on ICO ’s  and forced cryptocurrency exchanges to close. According to data taken from Coinmarketcap, Chinese market volume, which represented over 98 percent of global markets fell a  staggering amount  to just 15 percent.  Whilst the country has been strong-handed on cryptocurrencies, today ’s publication shows that the authorities recognize the potential of the technology underpinning them. With reports circulating last year that China has plans to  create it ’s own national cryptocurrency , it seems likely that the government ’s main concern was its lack of control over developments. The article seems to imply that whilst it is unlikely that fully decentralized cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and other systems will return, China wishes to embrace the technology underpinning them  – on its own terms.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   The Oil Industry Drills into the Blockchain Twitter  The historic and paper-intensive ways of the oil industry are due for an upgrade, especially amid heightened demand for the commodity. Some of the biggest names in oil transport are leading the charge for the integration of blockchain in an industry that is ripe for distributed ledger technology given its dependence on contracts for its mere existence.  Oil transport involves ships known as tankers, which could extend as far as 500 yards, daily embarking on trips, together carrying crude oil barrels numbering in the millions,  as described by Bloomberg . It all hinges on a single paper document that sea captains are tasked with maintaining. The paper system is known as the bill of lading, and if some industry participants have their way, it could soon be replaced by a blockchain-fueled approach.  From Bill of Lading to Blockchain  With bill of lading, transactions indicating ownership of multiple millions of dollars ’ worth of crude oil on a single tanker are recorded every day. The ships are responsible for nearly 50% of oil demand around the world, or $2.7 billion every day.  Demand for these ships is on the rise amid record crude oil consumption, and that ’s where the blockchain steps in. But for blockchain to work, all the parties involved in crude oil transport must adopt it.  Big Oil Is Engaged  The bill-of-laden approach has many flaws, not the least of which is the propensity for fraud, which is a top worry among traders. It ’s not surprising, then, that traders, who use a digital-based system for proprietary data, are front-in-center in the discussions about a possible industry move to blockchain.  In fact, oil-industry participants have moved beyond just talked. A group representing major oil players have teamed up to launch a blockchain-fueled platform for  “physical oil trades, ” as per Bloomberg. The market participants include BP, Royal Dutch Shell, Statoil, several commodity-trader groups and banks including ABN Amro and Soc Gen.  The mere fact that discussions underway represent a sea change for the industry, as big oil hasn ’t updated its paperwork-fueled system for centuries, according to Alistair Cross, global head of operations Mercuria Energy Group, cited in the Bloomberg article.  An upgrade to a distributed ledger technology would introduce a host of benefits, including encryption-based security, greater accuracy, lower costs and time savings. For example, the piloted version slashed the transaction verification process from several hours to minutes.  But there would also be some fallout. Individuals who performed the manual tasks of data entry would likely be out of a job with the adoption of blockchain technology in the oil industry.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   2010 ’s 10,000 Bitcoins Pizza Guy Repeats Feat With Historic Lightning Network Transaction Twitter  The “Bitcoin pizza guy” is at it again.  Laszlo Hanyecz, best known for making the first documented transaction in which Bitcoin was used to purchase a physical item, recently christened the  Lightning Network  (LN) with the help of a sympathetic pizza delivery driver and a jerry-rigged atomic swap.  Hanyecz ensconced his place in Bitcoin lore on May 22, 2010, when he paid another early adopter 10,000 BTC to order him two pizzas. This transaction  — believed to be the first in which a seller accepted a Bitcoin payment for a physical item  — spawned both  Bitcoin Pizza Day  and the “ Bitcoin Pizza Index ,” which calculates the present value of coins used in that historic transaction.  On Feb. 25, Hanyecz revealed on the  Lightning Network development mailing list  that he had made a similar purchase using the nascent LN mainnet (though  not the first  to use it to pay for a physical item).  He explained:  “In short, I paid bitcoin using the lightning network and he arranged for pizza to be delivered to me. In this trade my friend is just a middle man that is taking the risk on accepting lightning payments, but it demonstrates the basic premise of how this works for everyday transactions. It could just as well be the pizza shop accepting the payment directly with their own lightn ing node. ”  This time, though, the transaction set him back just 649000 satoshis (0.00649 BTC), which works out to about $63 at the present exchange rate.  Source: Laszlo Hanyecz  To make the purchase as “trustless” as possible, the two parties opened a payment channel, which Hanyecz funded to prove that he had the BTC. When the delivery driver arrived at his house, Hanyecz showed him a portion of the payment hash preimage, which matched what the driver had been given by the seller and proved that the buyer had paid the invoice.  Revealing part of one’s hash preimage, Hanyecz stressed, is generally not advisable, but he did so in this instance in order to further enhance the trustless nature of the experiment.  Reflecting on the transaction, Hanyecz said that  — at present  — there was really nothing gained by completing the purchase off-chain over the Lightning Network as opposed to a conventional on-chain payment. However, he forecast that this may not always be so.  “So is there any point to doing this instead of an on chain transaction? For what I described here, probably not. The goal was just to play around with c-lightning and do something more than shuffling a few satoshi back and forth. Maybe eventually pizza shops will have their own lightning nodes and I can open channels to them directly, ” he concluded.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Breaking: Goldman-Backed Circle Acquires Crypto Exchange Poloniex Twitter  Former bitcoin startup Circle has acquired US-based cryptocurrency exchange Poloniex.  Circle, one of the earliest and the best-funded startups in the bitcoin industry has announced its acquisition of Poloniex, one of the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchanges.  In an  announcement , Circle co-founders Sean Neville and Jeremy Allaire stated:  “We’re proud to announce that Circle has extended its commitment to a new vision for global finance by acquiring Poloniex, a leading token exchange platform. ”  The co-founders outlined a handful of objectives taking immediate priority, underlining enhanced customer experience, market expansion with additional support for cryptocurrencies and, ‘most importantly’ retaining the features and services already on offer at Poloniex.  In 2015, Goldman Sachs was the lead investor in Circle’s  $50 million funding round .  Circle notably received New York’s first ever  BitLicense  in September 2015. A  European expansion  followed after earning an electronic money license, the first bitcoin company to do so, in Britain come April 2016.  Developing…  
DECREASE	   Singapore Inks FinTech, Blockchain Pact with Indian State Government Twitter  The Monetary Authority of Singapore, the country’s central bank, has entered an agreement with the government of the Indian state of Maharashtra to jointly explore FinTech initiatives in areas including blockchain technology.  Signed on Monday in India, the new  cooperative pact  sees a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the two government entities to explore joint innovation projects that will see the application of financial technologies including blockchain, digital and mobile payments and big data. The MoU’s terms will also enable the exchange of information and data in FinTech-related trends as well as regulatory discussions to encourage th e development of the sector.  Singapore is commonly seen among the world’s leading FinTech hubs for a country known for its technology-forward agenda. The MAS is notably among the earliest central banks to foray into researching and developing its own cryptocurrency. Its ongoing endeavor to place a tokenized form of the Singapore Dollar on a distributed ledger platform, dubbed ‘ Project Ubin ’, saw the central bank issue a  digital Singaporean dollar on an Ethereum blockchain  in mid-2017.  Today’s agreement will also foster engagements between FinTech startups in Singapore and Maharashtra, which sees Mumbai as its state capital. A FinTech-based curriculum developed for educational programs in the Indian state are also being considered.  Mumbai will also host a Centre of Excellence (COE) and a marketplace for Singapore-based FinTech solutions, directly facilitated by Maharashtra’s state government.  MAS FinTech chief Sopnendu Mohanty said:  “The creation of a Centre of Excellence and marketplace for FinTech solutions in Maharashtra could create more opportunities for Singapore-based FinTech firms. ”  With the new agreement, Singapore’s central bank has now partnered its second Indian state government after  previously establishing ties  with Andhra Pradesh, a southern Indian state, in late 2016. Andhra Pradesh, known for its own technology-forward stance, is also working on  cross-border payments  over a blockchain to Singapore with the latter’s central bank. Andhra Pradesh also figures among a few global governments partaking in the 150+ member strong  Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA) , the world ’s largest blockchain consortium.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Core 0.16.0 Goes Live: Here’s What Changes in this Major Update Twitter  Bitcoin Core version 0.16.0 has officially been marked for release by developers, ushering in a host of improvements to the wallet software’s codebase.  Bitcoin Core 0.16.0 Adds Full Support for SegWit  As CCN  reported , the most notable change in 0.16.0 is the introduction of full support for Segregated Witness (SegWit), a scaling solution that activated on the Bitcoin network last August.  Users had hoped that these changes would be included in the last release, Bitcoin Core version 0.15.1, but in that update developers ultimately focused their attention on addressing perceived threats associated with the contentious  SegWit2x hard fork , which ultimately failed to activate on its scheduled launch date in December.  However,  version 0.16.0  finally includes support for “native SegWit addresses,” which leverage the user-friendly bech32 address format and support SegWit payments automatically.  Collectively, this and other upgraded features allow users to take full advantage of SegWit, which reduces the size of transactions and ultimately results in moderately-lower fees.  As more users send SegWit transactions  — and  major Bitcoin exchanges  and wallet services implement it as well  — the network’s transaction capacity will increase, further enhancing the upgrade’s fee reduction.  Other Notable Upgrades  Although this release is headlined by support for SegWit, it includes several other noteworthy upgrades.  First, replace-by-fee (RBF)  — which allows users to replace slow-to-be-mined transactions with new transactions with higher fees  — will be enabled by default.  Next, all newly-created Bitcoin Core wallets will be hierarchical deterministic (HD), meaning that they operate according to the BIP32 protocol and thus allow the creation of child keys from parent keys.  Moreover, users will notice a slight change in the GUI, as the colloquial  “bits ” has been added to the more technically-specific µBTC denomination.  Finally, there are a number of other tweaks to Bitcoin Core ’s remote procedure call (RPC) repository, but such changes will not alter the user experience for casual users.  Due to certain changes in the codebase, wallets created in versions 0.16.0 and later will not be compatible with versions prior to 0.16.0, so users should keep this in mind if they ever decide to revert back to an older version.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   $10 Billion: Dave Kleiman’s Estate Files Mammoth Suit Against ‘Bitcoin Creator’ Craig Wright Twitter  The estate of early Bitcoin adopter Dave Kleiman has sued self-declared Bitcoin creator Craig Wright for more than $10 billion for allegedly stealing more than 1 million BTC from the forensic computer investigator following his death in 2013.  The  complaint , which was dated Feb. 14 and filed by Boies Schiller Flexner LLP on behalf of Kleiman’s brother Ira, alleges that Kleiman and Wright were both involved with Bitcoin development from the project’s inception.  The document avoided stating outright that either or both of them were Bitcoin creator Satoshi Nakamoto, as Wright has  claimed  in the past.  However, the complaint claimed that the two men mined more than 1.1 million BTC through W &K Info Defense Research LLC, a company formed by Kleiman and either owned wholly by him or held in partnership with Wright.  Kleiman provided his family with few details about his involvement in Bitcoin, and  — upon his death in April 2013 following a long battle with MRSA  — Wright allegedly forged and backdated a series of contracts that transferred Kleiman’s cryptocurrency assets to Wright or his associated companies.  Wright later told Ira Kleiman that his brother had signed away these property rights for shares  — allegedly worth “millions”  — in one of Wright’s companies, but this company went bankrupt soon after, leaving Kleiman ’s estate with nothing, even as Wright continued to live a lavish lifestyle bankrolled by his supposedly ill-gotten BTC.  Based on these and other claims, the plaintiff asked the court to force Wright to return the stolen funds  — which amount to between 550,055.5 and 1,100,111 BTC depending on the ownership structure of W &K  — to Kleiman’s estate.  At the time of filing, these funds were worth more than $10.2 billion, while the value of the two largest Bitcoin-derived forks  — Bitcoin Cash (BCH) and Bitcoin Gold (BTG)  — adds another $1.5 billion.  Boies Schiller Flexner LLP did not immediately respond to an inquiry regarding the document’s authenticity, but  documents  filed with the court indicate that the firm has levied a case against Wright and that he has already been issued a summons, to which he must respond within 21 days of receipt.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Reveals Scammer Stole 7 Bitcoins Twitter  If you’ve fallen prey to a cryptocurrency-related scam, you’re likely too mortified to admit it publicly. However, you should take heart because even Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has found himself a few BTC short at the hand of an experienced scam artist.  Wozniak related this embarrassing incident at the  Economic Times Global Business Summit , explaining that he had sold approximately 7 BTC to a buyer using a stolen credit card number. The payment was ultimately canceled, presumably by the card’s rightful owner, leaving the tech mogul with nothing but an empty Bitcoin wallet.  “The blockchain identifies who has bitcoins… that doesn’t mean there can’t be fraud though. I had seven bitcoins stolen from me through fraud. Somebody bought them from me online through a credit card and they canceled the credit card payment. It was that easy! And it was from a stolen credit card number so you can never get it back,” he said.  Wozniak revealed in January that he had liquidated most of his Bitcoin holdings when the flagship cryptocurrency was trading near its all-time high, explaining that he was  most interested in Bitcoin for its utility  but had lately found himself too caught up in its price movements.  Nevertheless, the incident is curious, given that common sense would seem to dictate that one should not sell Bitcoin  — whose transactions cannot be reversed  — to an unknown buyer in exchange for a credit card payment, which can be cancelled after the point of sale.  Indeed, US residents have access to a variety of brokerage and trading platforms that charge small fees and protect sellers against counterparty risk.  Wozniak has never revealed how many BTC he owned, although he did say that he purchased the asset when it was trading at roughly $700. Depending on how large his total balance was, Wozniak could potentially have completed the transaction through one of the many  over-the-counter (OTC) trading desks  that process cryptocurrency sales for institutional clients.  However, given that the prolific entrepreneur and investor has always described his interest in Bitcoin as an  “experiment ”  — not an investment  — perhaps he desired to experience a peer-to-peer (P2P) trade. It seems, though, that he learned an expensive lesson in the process.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Global Money Laundering Watchdog Briefed on Korea ’s Crypto-Friendly Rules Twitter  South Korea’s financial watchdog has reportedly briefed a major global anti-money laundering body of its rules for domestic cryptocurrency transactions.  South Korean authorities, who have notably adopted a friendly stance on non-anonymous cryptocurrency trading in the country this year, have briefed the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) of South Korea’s domestic guidelines for cryptocurrency transactions,  Yonhap  reports.  Established in 1989, Paris-based FATF is a global intergovernmental body tasked to combat money laundering and terrorism financing (AML/CTF) with  37-member states  from all six populated continents in the world. In a meeting attended by all members last week, South Korea’s newly implemented AML guidelines for domestic cryptocurrency trading ‘were the first to be drawn up’ during the members’ discussion, the report revealed, citing the Financial Services Commission (FSC).  As Korea’s financial regulator, the FSC enforced  a complete ban on anonymous trading  of cryptocurrencies to introduce a new ‘real name trading system’ wherein cryptocurrency traders are required to use their real names with their crypto accounts and their bank accounts. In essence, any new cryptocurrency purchases or withdrawals in fiat will require traders and adopters to comply with the new know-your-customer (KYC) rules that kicked in on January 30.  Since then, Korean financial regulators have publicly stated that the government will  support  ‘normal [non-anonymous] transactions’ of cryptocurrencies, going so far as to call for the ‘normalization’ of cryptocurrencies in the country.  “The whole world is now framing the outline (for cryptocurrency) and therefore (the government) should work more on normalization than increasing regulation,” South Korea’s Financial Supervisory Service (FSS) chief Choe Heung-sik  told  reporters in a briefing last week.  Those rules are now being briefed to some of the world’s largest countries and economies, in what could ultimately pave the way for wider adoption and trading of cryptocurrencies globally under widely-accepted KYC norms.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Blockchain Technology and Data: Identity, Storage, Exchange Twitter  The age of big data isn’t a “new” period per se, but rather an ongoing game of fire first, aim second. Data has proven to be quite the valuable commodity, with major blue-chip business models being built on its exportation and processing.  But what are the associated risks with relinquishing and storing so much data with centralized providers?  Every day as users in a connected ecosystem, we constantly give out personally identifiable information whether it be a name, address, credit card information, or even the answers to recovery questions.  We all had a taste of the downside of centralized, trusted big-data breaches when Equifax announced  back on September 7 th  that their system had been breached, exposing the information of approximately 143 million consumers. The affected data included sensitive materials such as Social Security numbers, driver’s license numbers, and even credit card numbers.  This posed a huge blow to consumers, but it kickstarted a very important conversation about data integrity, and personal ownership over data that should’ve started years ago. Individuals began to realize the value in both having complete control over their data, and not trusting it to multi-billion-dollar corporations that protect it simply with a password that has less charact er restrictions than the ones they impose on consumer accounts.  This is exactly where blockchain technology comes in; not to save the day necessarily with buzzwords and rapid complete adoption of the latest token, but rather to help build the infrastructure needed to prevent these types of breaches. In truth, blockchains aren’t currently equipped to handle massive datasets, but there are ways in which they can be utilized to protect data on  multiple levels.  Blockchain Based Identity Verification  One of the first steps that can be taken with blockchain technology in regard to the protection of data is through the use of a self-sovereign identity. How could one possibly recreate the interaction of presenting a physical form of ID on a person-to-person level on the web? Phillip Windley  breaks this down  in a recent write-up, using an example featuring an individual showing their own ID at a bar.  He explains how the DMV can issue an individual a digital representation of their driver’s license which can be validated both from the DMV’s keys linked to their identifier, and the individual’s keys linked to their own identifier. The bar in question can then verify both the integrity of the ID, and the issuer in a system of proofs through associated keys.  uPort , one of many projects looking to tackle this allows users to selectively permission data to any service they’re utilizing, and keep their data stored with them at all times. Verification comes through the ledger, and no data is kept with the verifying parties that require proof of identification. The issuer of the form of identification simply needs to verify credentials, but  the actual user granting the data retains the personal information when utilizing it for verification with services.  Bloom , another project focused on credit issuance in particular, looks to mitigate the risks posed by centralized authorities handling sensitive data in the credit-issuance world by implementing secure ID’s using blockchain technology.  In that case, companies can verify the individual utilizing their services without having to store data on their end in centralized servers.  The Future of Distributed Storage  Issues of data storage and security can also benefit from blockchain technology by introducing both data splitting and encryption for protection. Decentralized data providers are looking to rise to combat the currently centralized cloud-option providers to mitigate pricing and ensure the protection of data.  Filecoin for example  deploys a form of security that provides end-to-end encryption with files in order to protect contents, all while not allowing providers to have decryption keys. Also, by distributing information across an entire network, you lose the risk of being compromised due to a single point of failure. Although massive amounts of data can’t be effectively handled using blockchain techn ology for distribution and accessibility, it’s still a goal that could potentially be within reach as the technology evolves as rapidly as it currently is.  Data Exchanges  – a New Form of Marketplace  Besides data storage, a “data marketplace” presents an interesting concept that can be administered by leveraging blockchain technology to ensure both safety and security with processing.  The  Enigma project’s  spin on data is creating a data-marketplace encompassing every potential vertical. Considering the desirability of large data-sets, they sought out to question how such a marketplace could operate in a trustless matter, all while maintaining data security as well.  A major problem that the Enigma project is trying to solve with their data-marketplace vision is protecting private data on the blockchain by using what they call “ secret contracts. ” Their secret contract system’s purpose is to ensure data privacy even while computations are being run on the particular data in question through a second-layer solution.  With their data marketplace idea came the problem of what they call “data escape,” or rather, participants in the marketplace selling acquired data to other parties. Instead of disclosure, Enigma’s secret contracts allow data to be processed by nodes in their network while allowing that data to remain private.  The age of big data isn’t ending anytime soon, but the ways in which blockchain technology can be used could help mitigate the risk posed by the poor security practices of central entities, and allow individuals to take back the ownership of their own data.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   News Outlet Salon is Mining Monero as an Alternate Revenue Source Twitter  Salon is the latest company to utilize CoinHive’s Monero mining script on their website.  On Sunday, when readers utilizing ad-blockers visited popular news site Salon, they were faced with an interesting choice, foreign to the usual inquiry about disabling their ad-blocker. They could either disable their ad-blocker to continue to view content or opt-in to allow Salon to utilize their computer processing power to mine cryptocurrency. This is done using  CoinHive’s  embeddable script on their website, which is a JavaScript miner for Monero.  In a  blog post  published the other day, Salon explains that diminishing ad revenue due to ad-blockers has led them to seek alternative means of monetizing their content. They also see the power in utilizing computer processing power over  “reader ’s eyeballs ” for value-driven returns.  Salon is mining digital currencies (for our beta, Monero).  To do that, we are instructing your processor to run calculations.  Think of it like borrowing your calculator for a few minutes to figure out the answer to math problems, then giving it back when you leave the site.  Part of Salon’s pitch also included a very blockchain-positive spin, in which they frame their initiative as a contribution “to the advancement of technological discovery, evolution and innovation.” They continue in the post to explain how the script is only leveraged on their website, and isn ’t active after the user leaves the site. They also mention that user privacy is fully protected in the process, and by utilizing a cryptocurrency miner, less information is taken from users as opposed to traditional web advertisements.  The Ethics of Implementing CoinHive ’s Script  Salon has taken the more ethical route when implementing a cryptocurrency miner by allowing users to have the choice of whether or now they wish to disable their ad blocker, or lend their spare processing power to help secure the Monero network. Scandals in the past have mostly been driven by companies implementing CoinHive’s script without first alerting users of whether or not their processing power is being borrowed for the sake of the website making a quick bit of money on the side.  What originally drew attention to CoinHive was an experiment carried out by popular torrent index  The Pirate Bay  back in October when they were found to be using the script. Since then, malicious actors have leveraged the script in various forms of newly-named “ cryptojacking ” schemes, in which users are advertently duped into mining Monero for the propagators.  However, it isn’t just businesses that are leveraging CoinHive’s script to cover operational costs  – a few charities have begun to use it as well. Bail Bloc, a charity dedicated to ending domestic bail issues, CPU For Good which seeks to free enslaved individuals in Pakistan, and Mine For Charity have all implemented CoinHive scripts for their philanthropic ventures.  The approach Salon has taken has been quite transparent, and could be a great starting point for an ethical implementation of cryptocurrency miners on websites for revenue.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ShapeShift Gets Pulled Into BTC/BCH Debate Over Partnership With Bitcoin.com Wallet Twitter  ShapeShift, a cryptocurrency exchange, has been pulled into the Bitcoin Cash (BCH) versus bitcoin (BTC) debate by partnering with the @BitcoinCom wallet that exchanges BTC for BCH. ShapeShift has stated via a  tweet  there was a miscommunication in its latest announcement concerning its partnership with the @BitcoinCom Wallet. ShapeShift stands by its offering to provide its API integration services for the wallet, but it also stands by its position to refer to bitcoin as bitcoin, and not Bitcoin Core.  Some have criticized the marketing practices of Bitcoin.com regarding BCH.  Two days ago, ShapeShift announced that it has integrated its full API to support Bitcoin.com wallet user exchange between BTC and  BCH  and vice versa. It noted the Bitcoin.com wallet app became available in mid 2017 and more than 1.7 million wallets have been created on the platform. The ShapeShift integration expands the features in allowing the wallet’s users to exchange BTC for BCH.  Bitcoin.com ’s Position  Bitcoin.com, which provides a free wallet, states on its website that the Bitcoin Core network is in trouble due to high fees and slow transaction times, and that Bitcoin Cash (BCH) is the upgrade that solves these problems, and provides a guide for people to learn more about Bitcoin Cash. The website clearly states that it supports both BTC and BCH.  Roger Ver, who owns Bitcoin.com, applauded ShapeShift for making the exchange between BTC and BCH easy.  Ver has claimed that BCH is the same bitcoin that people used from 2009 to 2017 , and that it will eventually surpass BTC in popularity and market capitalization. He has incurred significant criticism for his repeated support for hard forks associated with the bitcoin block size challenge.  Also read: Bitcoin Cash will surpass bitcoin because of its  ‘formula, ’ says Roger Ver  BTC/BCH Debate Continues  Bitcoin Cash was created by a hard fork in the bitcoin blockchain on Aug. 1, 2017. There has since been some disagreement as to whether BTC or BCH is the original bitcoin blockchain.  The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)  recently released  a draft of a blockchain technology primer claiming that BCH is the original blockchain, a position that immediately drew criticism.  Some claim that the original bitcoin blockchain has diverged from Satoshi’s original vision for bitcoin. Others, however, claim BCH was created by the Aug. 1 hard fork and is therefore not the original bitcoin blockchain.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Internet Archive Sees Big Donations from Vitalik Buterin and the Pineapple Fund Twitter  Vitalik Buterin last week  donated  100 Ethereum to a digital media charity.  At current prices this equates to $93,469, however, the charity will receive $186,938 as  The Pineapple Fund  is matching all donations up to one million dollars. The recipient of the cryptocurrency philanthropy was the  Internet Archive,  a nonprofit digital library aiming to provide “universal access to all knowledge”. It’s 15 petabyte database includes three million books, as well as websites, software, film and other digital media. On top of its data storage, the archive is an activist organization campaigning for a free and open internet. They accept donations in a range of cryptocurrencies including; Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum and Zcash, and use crypto to pay employees.  This isn’t the first instance of Vitalik’s philanthropy. At the beginning of this month, the young developer  donated  $2.4m to Sens Research Foundation, a nonprofit which supports research projects at universities and institutes around the world aiming to tackle macular degeneration, heart disease, cancer, and Alzheimer ’s disease.  The donations follow twitter announcements from the end of last year regarding the state of the cryptocurrency space. Buterin expressed concern with cryptocurrency communities, with many highly focused on individual wealth, and spoke of the need to affect real-world change and positively impact upon people ’s lives.   
DECREASE	   US Regulators Talk Bitcoin ’s Generational Impact Twitter  As cryptocurrency evolves, so does its relationship with government.  While lawmakers in some countries seek to suppress a financial force they don’t understand, in the U.S., the reverse appears to have started to take hold, indicating an opportunity is at hand for a dialog between the industry and lawmakers.  In a Senate Banking Committee hearing this month on virtual currencies, the chairmen of the Securities and Exchange Commission and Commodity Futures Trading Commission asked Congress to  consider expanding federal oversight  over bitcoin. But they emphasized consumer protection without a heavy-handed ban on development of cryptocurrencies. In response, the jump in  bitcoin’s price  marked a gain of more than $2,000 in just over a day.  Shortly before last week ’s hearing, bitcoin fell below $6,000 to $5,947.40, its lowest since Nov. 13, amid a plunge in U.S. stocks. Many observers held their breath as the committee hearing began, expecting calls for a government clampdown on cryptocurrency trading.  But instead of fear, cryptocurrency investors reacted with glee.  The day brought a 26 percent recovery to bitcoin , while Ethereum managed to achieve a 30 percent return. Altogether, the cryptocurrency market cap surged by $89 billion, a 24-hour increase of 29%. Bitcoin has since been inching upward, currently hovering around $9,000.  Regulatory Issues Aren ’t Black And White  While regulation is often seen as a negative by cryptocurrency enthusiasts, companies hoping to make money in this area have been looking for more guidance on cryptocurrencies. Yesterday’s hearing indicates that time could be coming soon.  Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Chairman J. Christopher Giancarlo won the hearts of bitcoin enthusiasts with comments yesterday that appeared to be hat tips to the bitcoin community. Toward the end of the hearing, he contradicted the common misconception that bitcoin is riding the coattails of blockchain technology. He said that if there were no bitcoin, there would  be no blockchain.  Lawyers who work with companies involved in cryptocurrency expressed optimism after last week ’s hearing, expecting that government involvement will bring thoughtful – as opposed to overly onerous – regulation, according to  Barron’s .  Bitcoin ’s Generational Impact  Comments by Giancarlo and another banking committee chairman, U.S. Sen. Mike Crapo, D-Idaho, indicated the generational impact that bitcoin is having on some policymakers, as demonstrated in a  Streamable  video from the hearing.  Giancarlo, the father of three college-aged children, said he tried to get his children interested in the financial markets at an early age, only to realize he was fighting a losing battle.  “Something changed in the last year,” he said. “Suddenly they were all talking about bitcoin. They were asking me what I thought and should I buy it.”  “It strikes me that we owe it to this generation to respect their enthusiasm about virtual currencies, with a thoughtful and balanced response, not a dismissive one,” he said.  Crapo said he had similar conversations with his own children.  “This is an incredibly interesting but growing new area of financial challenge, particularly among my children and yours,” Crapo said.  The hearing touched on a broad range of regulatory concerns related to cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology, including ICOs, trading platforms, derivatives and exchange-traded funds (ETFs), and the assets’ perceived use to perpetrate financial crimes and subvert international sanctions.  The chairmen also said Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is bringing together several federal agencies to coordinate regulation of the fast-growing industry.  Also read:  Bulls are back in town; cryptocurrency market cap achieves $89 billion recovery  Regulatory Changes Needed  Both Clayton and Giancarlo expressed concern about the fact that cryptocurrency exchanges are currently regulated at the state level rather than the federal, and each reiterated that, at some undefined point in the future, Congress may want to increase federal regulators’ ability to oversee the spot markets.  Clayton continually shifted the conversation back to ICOs, noting that he has not seen an ICO that should not be classified as a security under federal regulations.  He also provided insight into why the SEC has resisted fund sponsors’ attempts to list bitcoin ETFs, explaining that because ETFs primarily target retail investors and are largely one-sided markets, rules governing their creation must be stricter than those for futures contracts, which are overseen by the CFTC. He said that if these rules are satisfied at a later date, the SEC  will then be open to reviewing its stance on Bitcoin ETFs.  While cryptocurrency was invented to prevent centralized control of currency, its mainstream acceptance largely depends on its ability to integrate with the existing financial ecosystem. Cryptocurrency enthusiasts have been urging the SEC to approve a bitcoin ETF. Such a vehicle would allow investors to trade in financial securities tied to bitcoins without necessarily owning b itcoins. SEC approval would bring massive amounts of financial resources to cryptocurrency.  Observers have noted for some time that for a bitcoin ETF to be approved , the cryptocurrency will need a regulated ecosystem.  The cryptocurrency industry should not waste its opportunity to learn more about what U.S. regulators are thinking.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Eyes $12,000 in South Korea as Demand For Cryptocurrency Market Rises Twitter  Bitcoin has built significant momentum over the past 24 hours, surpassing the $11,000 mark. The majority of alternative cryptocurrencies in the market have performed poorly against bitcoin, as the most dominant cryptocurrency in the market continued to lead a strong rally.  Against the US dollar, bitcoin has increased by nearly 8 percent since February 17, achieving $11,200. Apart from a few small cryptocurrencies such as Aion, bitcoin has been the best performing major cryptocurrency in the market.  Every top 20 cryptocurrency in the global market has recorded a loss against bitcoin in the past 24 hours, with Ethereum’s native cryptocurrency Ether demonstrating a 5 percent loss, Litecoin recording a 7 percent loss, and NEO recording nearly an 8 percent loss against bitcoin.   Throughout January, the cryptocurrency market experienced one of the worst corrections in history, as most cryptocurrencies declined by around 70 percent from their all-time highs (ATHs). Since early February, the cryptocurrency market has continuously recovered, but major cryptocurrencies with robust infrastructures, community support, and network effect have had an edge over other alternative cryptocurrencies.  During a recovery period, wherein new investors and traders enter the space as the market begins to see gains, cryptocurrencies with strong network effect such as bitcoin has a strong advantage over other alternative cryptocurrencies. Most investors who exited the market as the price of cryptocurrencies fell did it out of panic and fear.  Most investors that are entering the space now are experiencing FOMO, or fear of missing out. Hence, if FOMO is driving new investors into the scene, especially high profile and large-scale institutional investors, the go-to investment is bitcoin.  As investment advisor Ross Gerber said, the demand for bitcoin from Wall Street and big buyers has been increasing over the past week.  “Bitcoin $11,000. Had a talk with a huge investment management firm the other day. It didn’t take long till they started asking me crypto questions. Started taking notes. What do the coins do. How does it work. Trust me the big players are watching,”  said Ross.  South Korea  The demand for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies has been on the rise in the South Korean cryptocurrency market, as the “Kimchi Premium” reappeared on major cryptocurrency exchanges including Bithumb and Korbit. Although the premium is only about 2 to 3 percent, which is significantly smaller than its rates in December, at one point in February, premium rates disappeared in South Korea due to a lack of demand.  South Korea is an important market for alternative cryptocurrencies like EOS, Qtum, Cardano, Ethereum, and Ripple. South Korea’s cryptocurrency exchange market only accounts for around 6 percent of global bitcoin trades but for altcoins, the country remains as one of the largest markets.  UpBit, the only cryptocurrency exchange in the country that supports over a hundred cryptocurrencies, has consistently been the second largest cryptocurrency exchange in the global market, behind Binance.  Since the cryptocurrency market experienced a major correction in January, most analysts in the South Korean market did not expect the market to begin its recovery period in February. But, demand is already growing in the local market and analysts expect it to be reflected upon the global market in the next few weeks.  
DECREASE	   These Firms Are Milking the Cryptocurrency Markets for Astronomical Profits  — And You’ve Probably Never Heard of Them Twitter  What US cryptocurrency-related company makes the highest amount of legal revenue per employee? No, it’s not Coinbase, and  — unless you’re particularly tuned into the financial markets  — you’ve probably never heard of it.  That’s according to Tim Swanson, founder of tech advisory firm Post Oak Labs. Writing on  Twitter , the former R3 executive related a recent exchange in which he was asked this same question.  “I know there are a lot of headline numbers out there but the undisputed answer is this: OTC service providers such as Cumberland (DRW), Jump, [and] Circle,” Swanson replied, referencing three of the most prominent institutional cryptocurrency trading desks.  This may be surprising, as  Circle  is the only one of those firms that could be considered a household name  — but it ’s known more for its mobile financial services products than its role as an over-the-counter (OTC) liquidity provider.  These institutional trading firms do not make their revenue figures available to the public, but they quietly handle billions of dollars in volume on a monthly basis. DRW Cumberland, which entered the cryptocurrency space in 2014, said last November that it had made $20 billion worth of trades over the previous year, while Circle Trade’s website advertises that it processes more than $2 billion worth of trades per month.  Consequently, they may not bring in as much gross revenue as Coinbase, which reportedly  raked in more than $1 billion  in 2017. However, Coinbase and other firms that target retail investors face have much greater overhead  — and require much larger teams.  In December, a  New York Times article  said that Coinbase had 180 customer support specialists and that the company hoped to expand its customer support team to 400 by the end of the Q1 2018  — and these figures do not include the firm’s other employees.  Professional trading desks, on the other hand, generally have small teams but still manage large amounts of capital. Jump’s Bitcoin trading team is  reportedly  comprised of just 10 people. Cumberland, meanwhile, has a  15-person team  spread throughout offices in Chicago, London, and Singapore to ensure that its desk operates around the clock.  Additionally, Coinbase and other retail-focused firms are constant targets for fraud, while institutional trading desks serve a smaller stable of KYC-compliant clients with much deeper pockets. Circle, for instance, lists its minimum order size as $250,000.  Because of these factors, Swanson estimated that these trading desks bring in between $30 million to $40 million worth of revenue per employee, making them the burgeoning industry’s true cash cows.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Can Blockchain Technology Survive Without Cryptocurrencies? Twitter  The recent fluctuations in Bitcoin and altcoin prices has resuscitated the debate on cryptocurrencies functioning as a true store of value. After rising about $20,000, this dip in price had seen the most popular cryptocurrency slump to almost $6,000 before rising again and then trading around the $8,400 region as at the time of writing.  Rising and falling, and rising again  has been one of the usual characteristics of the Bitcoin and cryptocurrency price trend. However, probably due to the increased level of awareness and the literal monetary value of the current price dip, the anti-crypto campaigners found a reason to make loud their criticism of the technology.  Cryptos Have Been Predicted to Fail  Delivering his speech in London  on February 8 2018, Yves Mersch, Member of the Executive Board of the ECB noted that the wild fluctuations in the value of virtual currencies (VCs) mean that businesses pricing in VCs could find themselves with a large and detrimental gap between their actual price and their optimal price. He explains that when there is considerable uncertainty around how many goods and servic es an asset can buy in the future, or indeed whether it can be used to purchase anything at all, the asset becomes a poor store of value.  Another form of criticism and negative prediction for Bitcoin has come from the popular billionaire investor, Warren Buffet.  Buffet says that Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies are in a free fall, noting that he would never invest in any of them. He says:  “I can say almost with certainty that cryptocurrencies will come to a bad end”.  Some other critics have registered their opinions on the current dip in price of Bitcoin and altcoins, most of whom predict a bleak future for cryptocurrencies. However,  the dilemma  comes when some of them categorically condemn the idea of cryptocurrencies, but have a soft side for the underlying technology, blockchain. At this point, the question will arise if blockchain and cryptocurrencies can exist as separate entities, or whether it is possible for blockchain technology to thrive while the tokens upon which they are powered fail.  Current crypto Behaviour is normal  Michael Vogel, CEO of Netcoins does not share the opinion that the recent slump in price of Bitcoin and other altcoins signifies failure of the technology. Vogel notes that considering the developmental stage of cryptocurrencies, the volatility that is being experienced at the moment should be considered as normal.  Vogel says:  “I think for long term investors that bought one year ago or even six months ago, I ’d say they would be very happy with their return to date. Volatility is part of the crypto scene at the moment given that there are still years of growth ahead. 2015-2016 saw less volatility and thus more users were interested in using Bitcoin as a spendable currency in those days, however given how rapidly Bitcoin has surged in value I think it has made a lot of people realiz e the potential in Bitcoin as a store of value / digital equivalent to gold. ”  Vogel explains that pullbacks are part of a healthy trading and go against the notion of a crypto bubble, even as he insists that cryptocurrencies cannot be separated from Blockchain.  “Digital money has been attempted before, and the reason those attempts failed is due to not having the decentralization that blockchain offers” , he says.  “Blockchain and cryptocurrencies are intimately connected, and both technologies are destined for massive success and impact akin to growth of the Internet itself” .  Some Technical Analysis  Kumar Gaurav of Auxesis Group however considers the technical price analysis as he explains the Bitcoin price behaviour in recent times. Gaurav explains that the recent pullback only came after the Bitcoin price reached the hockey stick growth stage which was frequently predicted in past due to the slightly parabolic growth throughout its history, and is now back again at a les s drastic growth which is more in line with the past years. According to him, this that means  Bitcoin has stored at least the same value  for everyone who invested in it until just around 2 months ago.  Gaurav also notes that while in absolute terms this pullback is unprecedented which scared beginners or made sceptics feel confirmed, everyone familiar with the history of Bitcoin knows that in percentage terms it should not be a surprise at all and that it had in such situations always quickly recovered.  Blockchain or Cryptocurrencies  Gaurav elaborates that the distinctive consideration of Cryptocurrencies and blockchain in most quarters should be seen neutral, not based on ideology but simply on legal and practicality reasons according to where a cryptocurrency is possible and needed and where not.  In government for example, blockchain technology has many use cases in which it can help achieve better efficiency and transparency, which do not have anything to do with cryptocurrencies. Recently, the Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley acknowledged blockchain’s potential, stating that the Government will “explore the use of blockchain technology for ushering in digital econ omy”.  Kumar explains that Auxledger, the largest private ledger with 54+ million users onboard already, resulting of Auxesis Group ’s work with the State Government of India has custom plugins for different sectors which allow companies to adopt faster based on their needs. These solutions include a Distributed Ledger Protocol for financial institutions, Benefit Distribution Program for government bodies, Darwinsurance for Insurance settlement; Genuinity, an anti-counterfeiting program for supply chain and  Reservoir, which addresses issues of products availability.  Despite these solutions, Gaurav explains that had it not been for cryptocurrencies, we may have never seen the ongoing blockchain involvement throughout the institutions, as it was what sparked everyone ’s interest, and also as it created the wealth enabling the ongoing innovations in the industry since its beginning, even before traditional investors came in.  First there needed to be cryptocurrency as the first use of blockchain technology to enable further use cases. However interests over the past years have shifted away from mere cryptocurrencies to tokens representing anything, while being more transparent.  
DECREASE	   The 6 Types of Users in the Cryptocurrency World Twitter  Last year, Anton Rosenberg, a former employee of Russian social network Vkontakte  reported  that Telegram is going to launch ICO, as well as its own cryptocurrency and $1.2 bln token sale  according  to TechCrunch. Telegram founder Pavel Durov didn’t confirm this information, but he didn’t disprove it either. However, during an  interview  with Bloomberg, he says that Bitcoin still is a kind of «digital gold» and he feels optimistic about the cryptocurrency. He bought 2,000 BTC for $1.5 mln, which now is worth $17.3 mln.    Telegram is the main communication center for millions of people. And like in any real-life community, virtual communities feature their own roles and users that every project launching ICO faces. There are some basic psychological types of users that can be met at Telegram channel and in comments below:  An alarmist   Users of this type are notable for the highest activity in channels making themselves and others crazy. A panic-monger declares his eternal love to the project and all the users quite often, but immediately switches to anger at the first signs of problems. Basic vocabulary: I love everyone. HODL. I truly believe in the project. But on the other side: I want the refund and my coins back! I hate you! Give my money back! It’s a scam! A fraud! Everything’s gone! I had to listen to my mother! Run, you fools!  A man with “connections”   This kind of user usually demonstrates their knowledge in all world jurisdictions, connections in the CIA, the law courts, as well as with some presidents. Basic vocabulary: You’re in big trouble. I have reported everything to the SEC already (USA Securities and Exchange Commission). You may start panicking because the FBI is keeping an eye on you.  A Believer      It’s the major category of users in every crypto Telegram channel. They invest their own money not only to get the profit but because of their trust in the project and the team. These people are the core audience of every project who support and inspire the team. They are the most loyal followers of the product and the ones who display understanding and patience during the development. This audience is mainly represented by experienced cryptocurrency enthusiasts and analysts who read almost every message and monitor every reference in the media. They usually investigate all the issues on their own and sometimes share the answers with the others.  A reseller   This user comes to projects with one aim: to buy low and sell high. He doesn’t care what kind of product is under development, or what’s the idea behind it, or who’s on the team. He hardly ever reads Whitepaper. Basic vocabulary: When’s the listing? Come on, guys, hurry up! I can’t wait to see $100 for a token within a month.   Forever banned user   A user of this type always floods and gets banned for it each time. Then he creates a new account and starts all over again. Basic vocabulary: Why am I banned again? I invested 1 million dollars and got banned here. Why?   Sarcastic troll   A user who appears online once every month and asks the same questions every time:  “So, how are you doing here? Has the project collapsed yet? ” He disappears then and usually comes back a month later with the same questions and jokes.  Each token sale is unique. Telegram is not just another messenger. It means a lot to the crypto community. It’s like the blood circulatory system where thousands of ICO projects function nowadays. Telegram is not monetized at the moment, although it’s potential is quite high. Its ICO can become the biggest one in history. And there’s more to it: the whole world’s crypto community uses Telegram every day.   The author is Alexander Borodich, venture investor, Forbes contributor, CEO of  Universa.io.  
DECREASE	   Washington Post Executive Pivots to Blockchain Firm CEO Twitter  Jarrod Dicker  is the new CEO  of blockchain media company P.oet. Dicker is making the move to Po.et while departing from his position as Vice President of Innovation and Commercial Strategy at The Washington Post.  Career Accomplishments  Dicker believes  Po.et will help put “…the power of written, visual and audio content back in the hands of creators”.  His ability to champion that cause is clear when considering Dicker’s previous career accomplishments, including:  Creating and managing the research and development division at The Washington Post. Leading product and technology teams at Time Inc. and The Huffington Post. Working on RebelMouse, a redesigned content management system for The Huffington Post.  Dicker believes Po.et won’t just help content creators express their artistry independently, but that it will also work to serve media companies, brands and marketers. He wants those industry stakeholders to be able to generate revenue using their own platforms, publishers and business models.  Dicker views the platform as an opportunity to provide transparency in media attribution and valuation.   His move from The Washington Post strengthens the platform’s broader appeal as digital media continues to evolve.  With first-generation content-driven brands like The Huffington Post  recently announcing  they will no longer compete alongside the Medium’s of the world, it looks as though power is shifting back into the hands of the creator.  This evolving trend along with the addition of Dicker and Po.et’s growing number of use cases is truly positioning the platform for growth.  Experience and Utility  Po.et offers  several different use cases . They include:  Publishing A Decentralized Content Marketplace Journalism Font Licensing Press Release Distribution  The platform also boasts an experienced  advisory team :  Anthony Di Lorio, founder of the Jaxx wallet. Bo Shen of Fengbushi Capital Mike Gernamo, former Chief Media Officer at Vice  These are just some of the reasons Po.et’s market capitalization has soared to  over $150 million  after the project raised just $10 in its initial coin offering.  An Industry  Rewrite  The world of content creation is vastly changing. Newspapers are  no longer giant media  conglomerates.  Social media platforms  like Facebook  have more control over advertising than ever before.  More and more websites like SteemIt and Medium allow anyone to start their own blog and build a following.  This is why poaching one of The Washington Post’s smartest people and bringing him to Po.et makes sense.  It’s also why platforms like Po.et, Ink Qtum and the like are going to continue changing the media landscape when it comes to publishing, advertising, the distribution of royalties, intellectual property rights, and the funding of creative productions.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Hydro-Quebec Mulls Higher Rates as Bitcoin Miners ’ Demands Surge Twitter  Rising demand for Montreal ’s low-cost hydroelectric power among bitcoin miners could spur higher electricity rates. Hydro-Quebec revealed it may consider hiking the cost for bitcoin miners given a flood of pent-up demand in the region, which would thwart the plans of bitcoin miners who depend on low rates for the massive amounts of electricity it requires to power their operations.  The Canadian province has been inundated with requests from more than 100 mega bitcoin mining operations looking to set up shop there  — a handful of which are already under way  — to lock-in lower hydropower costs that have already lured the likes of Amazon.com for its data centers. But the local utility provider says not so fast.  A Hydro-Quebec spokesman  told CTV News Montreal :  “We ’ve had such an important volume (of requests) that there are questions being asked on the tariff offered and the quantity of clients we ’ll be able to plug in. ”  For now, Hydro-Quebec has more than enough power supply, but that surplus could be diminished if more bitcoin miners move to town. The power utility is strategically playing its hand, as evidenced by a shift in its typical strategy to lure industry by offering lower rates. In the case of bitcoin miners, it ’s looking to charge more for overtaxing capacity.  For instance, multiple proposed bitcoin mining projects boast capacity as high as 100 mw, which is much more power even than it takes to keep the lights on at the home of the Montreal Canadiens.  But bitcoin miners are crying foul, including local operation Bitfarms. The startup ’s co-founder bemoaned a possible rate hike, saying in a statement:  “We are building the computing power and electrical infrastructure that will power the blockchain with Quebec hydroelectric power, ” said Pierre-Luc Quimper, pointing to the dozens of jobs that the company has ushered into the region.  Plus, according to Bitfarms ’ Twitter page, they plan to hire hundreds more across analyst, technician, engineer and developer positions.  Montreal is conducive to bitcoin mining not only for its cheap hydropower but also its frigid temperatures. The cold climate helps to keep the computer systems performing the energy-intensive round-the-clock bitcoin mining cool.  North American Grip  Meanwhile, in the lower 48 bitcoin miners are being drawn  westward to Washington , where they are similarly capitalizing on cheap hydroelectric power.  Bitcoin mining and blockchain have gripped the North American region even as China stands to lose its top spot. Despite being home to about 75% of the world ’s bitcoin mining, China ’s harsh stance toward bitcoin mining threatens to knock it down as the US and Canadian profile rises.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Strategist Tom Lee Predicts New All-Time Highs for Bitcoin in July Twitter  Tom Lee , co-founder of Fundsrat Global Advisors, the only major Wall Street strategist covering bitcoin, expects bitcoin to reach new highs again in July, according to  Bloomberg . The cryptocurrency has been posting some recovery since falling 70% from its Dec. 18 high to its Feb. 6 low.  Lee, who urged caution during bitcoin’s record  “bull run, ” said the cryptocurrency, now trading near $10,000, has established a pattern whereby its bottoms are “V-shaped.” He claims bitcoin has registered 22 corrections of 10% or more since 2010.  Recovery Follows Bull Runs  Lee said that during bitcoin’s “bull” periods, it takes 1.7 times the duration of a decline to recover. Based on that pattern, it will take 85 days for bitcoin to recover from its last plunge, which lasted for 50 days. If Lee ’s analysis is correct, bitcoin will set new records by midyear.  Investor sentiment towards bitcoin improved in recent weeks, demonstrating investor bullishness, Lee said.  The 70% drop was “severe,” he stated, but there is a case for its continued resilience. In late November,  Lee urged investors to exercise caution  following the bitcoin price’s staggering advance during the first week of November.  The bitcoin price had risen to dizzying heights that week as bitcoin began to test the $7,500 mark for the first time in its history. At that time, bitcoin was up 25% for the week, nearly 75% for the month, and more than 700% for the year.  In late December, as the big decline set in,  Lee raised his bitcoin price target  from $11,500 to $20,000 for mid-2018.  Bull Run Was Driven By New Wallets  Lee said bull run was due to the growth of new bitcoin wallets, and that Fundsrat was buying bitcoin as the price was falling.  Fundstrat projected unique IP bitcoin wallet addresses would increase 50% by mid-2018 while user activity would rise 10% from late December levels. Lee raised his mid-2018 projection twice since late November, when he raised it from $6,000 to $11,500. He initiated the $6,000 projection in August.  Lee said $11,000 was becoming a support price for bitcoin. He said the next downward support levels would be $10,131, $7,918 and approximately $7,000.  He maintained his $25,000 bitcoin price target for 2022 based on the Bitcoin Investment Trust (GBTC) over-the-counter price moving from $1,300 to $2,200. GBTC’s price jumped more than 1,500% to $1,900 in 2017.  Lee, who was J.P. Morgan Chase’s chief equity strategist from 2007 to 2014 before helping to launch Fundstrat, became the first widely followed market strategist to focus on bitcoin’s price back in July. He is now Fundstrat’s managing partner and research head.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   US Government Not Passing Bitcoin Regulations Anytime Soon: White House Official Twitter  The US government won’t be passing Bitcoin regulations anytime soon, at least according to one White House official.  Rob Joyce, special assistant to the president and White House cybersecurity coordinator, stated during an interview with  CNBC  that although the government is concerned about Bitcoin and other public cryptocurrencies, officials are still a long way from developing an official regulatory framework.  “I think we ’re still absolutely studying and understanding what the good ideas and bad ideas in that space are, ” he said of cryptocurrency regulation.  “So, I don ’t think it ’s close. ”  Joyce, who spent 27 years at the  National Security Agency  (NSA), said that the White House is most concerned about the ability of criminals to use cryptocurrency to subvert anti-money laundering policies in place at traditional financial institutions.  “We are worried. There are benefits to the bitcoin concept — digital cash, digital currencies, ” Joyce said.  “But at the same time, if you look at the way bitcoin works after there is a criminal act that takes place, you can ’t rewind the clock and take back that currency,” he said.  “With the current instantiation of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, we haven ’t figured that out yet. So it ’s a problem.”  Joyce’s comments echo those of Treasury Secretary  Steven Mnuchin , who has said that he desires to see cryptocurrency wallet providers regulated under the same AML/KYC guidelines as banks and other financial services firms.  “It’s something we are looking at very carefully and will continue to look at,” Mnuchin said in January. “The first issue and the most important issue is to make sure that people can’t use bitcoin for illicit activities. So we want to make sure that you don’t have the dark web funded in bitcoins. And that’s something that is a concern of ours today.”  Of course, even by the Treasury Department’s own admission, cryptocurrency usage makes up a  small percentage  of illicit transaction volume. The currency most commonly associated with illicit transactions?  — the US dollar.  Meanwhile, regulators themselves have cautioned legislators against encumbering the nascent blockchain ecosystem with overbearing regulations. At a recent US Senate hearing, for instance, Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Chairman J. Christopher Giancarlo testified that any new Bitcoin regulations should be “ carefully tailored ” to address specific problems found in the underlying markets.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Japanese Cryptocurrency Coincheck Faces Lawsuit over Withdrawals Twitter  Investors have opened legal proceedings against embattled Japanese cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck.  The Tokyo based platform was the victim of a major hack last month, with a reported loss of  $530 million  worth of XEM. The platform quickly closed both fiat and cryptocurrency withdrawals following the breach, in an attempt to prevent further possible loss. Whilst Yen withdrawals reopened on Tuesday, cryptocurrency withdrawals, leaving users in the lurch.  This week, seven affected investors publicly voiced their concern by filing a lawsuit at the Tokyo District Court, calling upon the exchange to reopen all withdrawals. They also demanded that Coincheck pay an annual 5 percent interest on the value of frozen funds (worth a reported $183,000 at the time) until it resumes withdrawals,  Reuters  reports.  The hack shook the crypto world last month and was described as “ the biggest theft in the history of the world ” by Lon Wong, president of NEM.io Foundation. Revelations since the event have pointed the finger at poor  security measures , with the exchange both failing to use multi-signature wallets and secure cold storage. Instead, all NEM funds were stored in a single hot-wallet, an online account that presented an easy target for the hackers. Only owners of XEM were affected, and Coincheck has since promised to  repay  the 260,000 users in full, with further details expected shortly. According to local Bloomberg  source  Yuji Nakamura, the exchange will prioritize repaying users affected by the breach over reopening withdrawals for other cryptocurrencies.  The hack has drawn attention from officials in Japan, with the nation ’s Financial Security Agency reportedly  inspecting  other exchanges this week. It ’s a move that could prevent a second costly disaster, and comes as Taro Aso, Japanese Finance Minister lays out the groundwork of an approach that will:  “[A]ppropriately weigh the balance between promotion of innovation and protection of users in (supervising) cryptocurrency exchanges.”  Whilst no details have been announced regarding the identity of the Coincheck hackers, one individual has allegedly been  questioned  after attempting to trade a small amount of the stolen funds. After leaving the exchange, the stolen funds were split to multiple different wallets  – which are all being monitored. This was possible due to a flagging system within the NEM protocol, which allows transactions to be traced in real-time, identifying wallets connected to malicious activity. According to the NEM.io foundation, this  “helps make stolen XEM tokens effectively unusable. ”  With the legal proceedings underway, the affected investors showed no plans to stop investing in cryptocurrency, emphasizing that the breach was caused by poor exchange security and not an inherent flaw in the technology. One plaintiff told Reuters that “I think their value will increase” and that he would  “look for a safer place to invest.” Today ’s lawsuit will be followed by a second on Feb. 27 , which will claim compensation for any lost value of the frozen cryptocurrencies whilst locked on the platform.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Coinbase Customers Suffer Erroneous Charges Twitter  With customers experiencing erroneous credit card charges for cryptocurrency purchases,  Coinbase has blamed Visa  for the charges but claims it is working with Visa to ensure all affected customers are reimbursed.  Coinbase  said the charges were caused by Visa reversing and recharging transactions.  Coinbase Makes Its Case  Over the last few months, banks and card issuers have asked the networks to change the MCC for digital currency purchases, Coinbase noted in another  tweet , saying Visa changed the MCC for digital currency purchases to a code that enables banks and card issuers to charge customers additional  fees . MCC is a system of categorization for merchants so tax agencies can follow the trail.  Coinbase claims it is working with major card networks to create a new MCC for digital currency purchases. The company said it hopes this will not include an additional cash advance fee.  Some buyers said they have been charged up to 50 times the intended purchases, according to thenextweb.  Reddit Users Slam Coinbase  One  Reddit  user accused Coinbase of training their bank account, leaving them with nothing.  Another said they were charged 17 times and suspected Coinbase has been hacked. This poster said they were overseas and said calling Coinbase takes hours.  One Reddit user told Coinbase to stop giving out its main bank account information for businesses to debit.  Some have advocated people stop using Coinbase. One noted that Coinbase issues charges first with refunds to follow when they get around to it.  Coinbase noted in a tweet and on its website the issue is related to the recent MCC code change by the card networks and by additional fees charged by card issuers. Coinbase claims it is working with major card networks to create a new MCC for digital currency purchases. The company said it hopes this will not include an additional cash advance fee.  Coinbase Tries To Assure Customers  Coinbase claims it has found a solution to the problems and future purchases will not be impacted any customer affected will be fully refunded for incorrect charges, the company stated. The refund is expected to be done automatically through the customer’s bank.  Coinbase invites anyone who believes to have been affected by the problem to contact its customer support. The company plans to review all card transactions form the last few weeks to make sure affected customers get notified, and will post updates on its blog and on Twitter.  The company also encourages customers to contact their banks and card issuers first of any incorrect charges.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Spain’s Government Prepares to Lure Blockchain Firms, ICO Issuers Twitter  The Spanish government is reportedly preparing legislation that includes possible tax incentives to lure blockchain companies into the country.  The People’s Party (PP) of Spain, the country’s ruling party, is weighing up legislation to specifically attract blockchain firms due to the technology’s potential in a number of industries including finance, education, and health, according to lawmaker Teodoro Garcia Egae. Speaking to Bloomberg, the lawmaker also pointed to ‘specific regulations’ that would make Spain a destin ation for entrepreneurs and firms to carry out initial coin offerings (ICOs) using blockchain(s).  The lawmaker, who is preparing the legislation, told  Bloomberg :  “The level of digitization for companies will be key. We hope to get the legislation ready this year. ”  The bill could also include tax rebates for businesses in areas including big data and 3D printing, the lawmaker added. In advance of the bill’s submission, Spain’s ruling party is also promoting a motion to summon blockchain experts to testify about the technology in the country’s parliament. The PP’s motion also includes plans to study other countries proactively researching  or implementing endeavors in blockchain tech, like Switzerland’s government-backed Crypto Valley.  In an encouraging stance to foster and allow the development of cryptocurrencies, the lawmaker also hinted at the bill allowing provisions wherein a cryptocurrency investment, under a certain upper limit, needn’t be reported to the country’s regulator. In conjunction, Garcia Egea also revealed ongoing moves by Spain’s securities markets regulator to protect residents’ investmen ts in cryptocurrencies.  He added:  “We want to set up Europe’s safest framework to invest in ICOs. ”  Spain’s intended move to embrace the blockchain sector comes within a week of the government of Gibraltar undertaking its  own move to regulate , and in effect legalize, ICOs in the country.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘Crypto Genius’ James Altucher Seeks $280 Million Valuation for Blockchain Startup Bitzumi Twitter  “Crypto genius” James Altucher is back, and he’s got big plans.  Altucher, the so-called “ face of Bitcoin ,” and his company, Bitzumi, are seeking to raise $10 million to launch a full-service blockchain startup that will, among other things, feature a cryptocurrency exchange.  That figure might not seem like that much, but as the  SEC filing  indicates, it would provide the company with an initial valuation of $280 million. If those shares become fully-diluted later on, that would raise Bitzumi’s valuation to $750 million.   So James is launching a $10m Reg A+ IPO called Bitzumi that values the company at $280,000,000? (And ~$750m fully diluted with preferred and options).  Hoo-boy https://t.co/pk1f86g6JY  — Meb Faber (@MebFaber)  February 15, 2018   That’s not too shabby for a company that currently has one full-time and four part-time employees and subleases a $500 per month office in New York City.  For reference, Coinbase  — an industry giant that raked in more than $1 billion in revenue last year and has hundreds of employees  — was most recently valued at $1.6 billion.  Bitzumi aims to raise these funds through a Regulation A+ public offering, a “mini-IPO” that allows startups to raise a limited amount of capital from the general public as well as accredited investors.  According to the filing, the company will also launch a USD-denominated cryptocurrency exchange that supports Bitcoin, Litecoin, and Ethereum trading:  “We anticipate Bitzumi will be a cryptocurrency exchange that we expect to provide a reliable and secure way to buy, sell, store, and trade to and from the following fiat and digital currencies: US dollars, Bitcoin, Litecoin, and Ethereum We expect Bitzumi to provide 24/7 access to customers’ digital wallets as well as liquidity into USD through integration with customer debit  cards.”  The company said that it intends to differentiate itself from its competition by offering increased security, customer support, liquidity, and trading tools, although it did not go into detail about how it will achieve these lofty goals.  “We are still in the research and development phase of this product,” Bitzumi added.  Source: SEC/Bitzumi     The company plans to attract customers through an aggressive marketing campaign, continuing a practice that Altucher has  used extensively  to promote his $2,000-per-year cryptocurrency investing newsletter.  The filing also said that Bitzumi has entered into a joint venture with patent licensing firm Acacia Research to develop a blockchain-based solution for registering and enforcing intellectual property rights.  Finally, the company intends to develop a division called  “Bitzumi Coins, ” which sounds like an ICO incubator, as the company says its purpose will be to create  “special purpose coins for particular industries. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ellen DeGeneres Is  ‘Down With ’ Bitcoin Twitter  If there was any doubt that bitcoin is making its way into the mainstream, Ellen DeGeneres has just dispelled those myths. Telling her audience that she ’s  ‘down with ’ bitcoin, Ellen used her comedic talent to describe bitcoin by comparing the top cryptocurrency to a goat and even talking BTC price. She used her ability to communicate with the masses to explain how in her quest to learn more about bitcoin seemingly turned her into a fan.  While you may argue that bitcoin has already spread like wildfire, Ellen has the ability to tap into an entirely new audience, among whom her appeal to the female demo is  on the rise . Her tweet with the video (below) received nearly half-a-million views, which is small compared to her nearly 77 million followers, but still.   If you want to know what bitcoin is, I learned about it. A bit.  pic.twitter.com/txICiTXYgi  — Ellen DeGeneres (@TheEllenShow)  February 15, 2018   Economics Ellen  The Ellen DeGeneres show, which boasts  nearly 3 million viewers per episode  as of the 2016-2017 season and which is currently in its 15th run, has just raised bitcoin ’s profile even higher. While it may seem that  “everyone ” knows what cryptocurrencies are, penetration in comparison to other asset classes still lags, which is reasonable for any nascent investment category.  Ellen in her opening monologue asked the audience if they ever heard of bitcoin, to which she received a roaring response. But she challenged them about understanding bitcoin before taking the time to share what she had learned, using comedy to get her point across and accusing audience members who cheered they know how bitcoin works as  “liars. ”  “Nobody knows how it works, nobody. Everybody ’s talking about bitcoin; nobody understands it, ” she said, likening the top digital coin to watching a movie but having no idea what ’s going on.  “All I know is that bitcoin is either worth $20,000 or nothing, ” she added.  Harkening back to her high school days when she said they didn ’t call her  “Economics Ellen ” for nothing (following up with her comedic timing that they called her that for failing economics,) she shared what she learned about bitcoin.  Bitcoin is decentralized. Translation: Pretend bitcoin ’s an adorable goat that you want to pet but can ’t.  “It ’s not there. It doesn ’t exist except for on the internet.. just like bitcoin is digital currency. ” Keep bitcoin in a digital purse, aka a mobile-wallet-fueled digital wallet or small hard drive, joking that the latter of which could get destroyed in the washing machine along with your life savings. Bitcoin operates like the stock market, and its value can go from $10,000 to $20,000 just like that.  “You just doubled your money, ” she said.  Of course, bitcoin is no joke, and she seems to know that:  “If you invest in bitcoin, you ’ll either be a millionaire or you ’ll be totally broke, ” said Ellen.  Ellen didn ’t endorse any upcoming ICOs or give her viewers any investment advice. And while DeGeneres is known for giving gifts, it does not appear she distributed any BTC to her audience. If you missed it, Ellen ’s show is renewed till at least 2020, and she ’s sure to talk bitcoin again.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Switzerland Lays out Guidelines in Support of ICOs Twitter  Switzerland’s financial watchdog, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA),  recently published initial coin offering (ICO) guidelines  that reveal the regulator will oversee the fundraisers and regulate them either under anti-money laundering laws, and as securities.  The guidelines show FINMA is looking to clarify how token issuers should proceed in the country, as the regulator notes a sharp increase in the number of Switzerland-based ICOs also led to an increase in the number of inquiries about applicable regulations. Per the  Financial Times , FINMA already received more than 100 requests for guidance.  The organization’s press release starts by clarifying that financial market law and regulation aren’t applicable to all ICOs, as some may not even be subject to regulatory requirements. As such, circumstances need to be analyzed on a case-by-case basis.  The guidelines reveal that regulations will be based both on the purpose of the issued tokens, as well as whether the tokens are tradeable and transferable at the time of the ICO. Given that there’s currently no recognized terminology for different types of tokens – both in Switzerland and in the rest of the world – FINMA identifies three different types, with hybrids forms bei ng a possibility.  FINMA’s ICO token categories  The regulator goes on to reveal the three different ICO token categories. In the first category are “payment tokens,” which are cryptocurrencies with “no further functions or links to other development projects.” These are essentially tokens that are to be used as a payment method.  In the second category are utility tokens, which will be used to provide digital access to a specific application or service. Finally, there are asset tokens, which represent assets in underlying companies or earning streams, or entitle their holders to dividends or interest payments.  As stated, the regulator will regulate ICOs under anti-money laundering laws, which require financial intermediaries to “establish the identity of beneficial owners,” and as securities, in which case the regulator needs to ensure that market participants can base their investment decisions on a “reliable minimum set of information.” Furthermore, the agency notes trading should  fair and reliable.  Taking this into account, FINMA reveals it will handle ICO inquiries according to three different categories, based on the type of tokens they’ll be issuing.  Payment ICOs (payment tokens) : These will be those that issue tokens that are transferable and function as means of payment. They’ll have to comply with anti-money laundering regulations, but won’t be treated as securities. Utility ICOs (utility tokens):  These will not qualify as securities, as long as their purpose is to confer digital access rights to an application or service. If a utility token functions as an investment in economic terms, it will be treated as a security. Asset ICOs (asset tokens):  Tokens issued in these ICOs will be seen as securities. This means they’ll be treated like equities or bonds if, for example, they pay holders dividends, or give them rights to earning streams. These will be subject to strict requirements.  The regulator further recognizes ICOs can be included in one or more of the above categories. As such, anti-money laundering laws can, for example, apply to asset ICOs. Commenting on the announcement, FINMA CEO Mark Branson stated:  “Our balanced approach to handling ICO projects and enquiries allows legitimate innovators to navigate the regulatory landscape and so launch their projects in a way consistent with our laws protecting investors and the integrity of the financial system. ”  Regulators throughout the world are seemingly starting to support ICOs. As covered by CCN, the financial watchdog for Gibraltar recently announced it is  developing legislation for blockchain-based token offerings  in its territory. The  Spanish government is reportedly also preparing legislation , which might notably include tax incentives to lure blockchain companies into the country.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Hackers Injected Cryptocurrency Mining Malware into 4,275 Government Websites  — They Only Made $24 Twitter  Earlier this week, hackers infiltrated Browsealoud, a free text-to-translation tool, and injected the Coinhive cryptocurrency mining malware script into the tool’s JavaScript codebase.  Consequently, the estimated 4,275 websites using Browsealoud  — including some operated by government agencies in the US and UK  — became unwitting pawns in a cryptocurrency mining malware gambit, believed to be the largest-scale attack of its kind.  When users visited the website, the  Coinhive mining script  automatically began harnessing the visitor’s computer processing power to mine anonymity-centric cryptocurrency Monero.  However, perhaps due to the massive scale of the breach  — and the fact that it targeted prominent government websites  — the exploit was quickly discovered, and by the end of the day, Browsealoud creator Texthelp had suspended the service.  “In light of other recent cyber attacks all over the world, we have been preparing for such an incident for the last year. Our data security action plan was actioned straight away and was effective, the risk was mitigated for all customers within a period of four hours,” said Martin McKay, CTO of Texthelp, in a  statement .  Because the malware was deployed for such a brief period, the hackers made off with an incredibly paltry sum. Coinhive’s creators told  Motherboard  that only 0.1 XMR was mined as a result of the hack, netting the hackers a grand total of $24.  Despite all the negative press, Coinhive’s developers maintain that plugin was developed for the legitimate purpose of allowing website owners to replace advertising revenue with in-browser mining, and it claims that its most prolific users are not using it for nefarious purposes.  “Our strongest users have all embedded Coinhive in a meaningful way. They incentivise their users to run the miner and grant rewards for it,” the tool’s creator told Motherboard.  Yesterday, for instance, progressive news outlet Salon began serving ad-blocking readers with the option to either disable the ad-blockers or allow the website to run Coinhive in their browsers.  However, other website operators have quietly  added Coinhive without their users’ consent , and many more have adopted it unwittingly through incidents similar to the Browsealoud hack.  Just this week, anti-malware software developer Malwarebytes  uncovered a scheme  in which millions of Android devices were hijacked and served with Coinhive ’s cryptocurrency mining malware scripts.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Japan’s Cryptocurrency Industry is Launching a Self-Regulatory Body Twitter  Japan’s two primary cryptocurrency industry groups are merging to form a new self-regulatory entity following the recent $530 million hack of Tokyo-based exchange Coincheck.  The unnamed new entity is set to launch April 1, the  Nikkei  reports, a year to the day after Japan’s revised Payment Services Act – which  recognizes  bitcoin as a legal method of payment – kicked in. The self-regulatory body will see the unification of the Japan Blockchain Association and the Japan Cryptocurrency Business Association. The former is notably founded around bitFlyer, Japan’s largest cryptocurrency exchange.  The new entity aims to quickly enforce self-imposed rules surrounding the protection of exchange users’ assets, system downtimes, insider trading and even advertising. Additionally, penalties for breaches will also be considered. All of which sums up to a transparent foray to foster confidence from the public and the conventional financial industry in the cryptocurrency space,  particularly in the aftermath of a major hack.  According to the report, talks toward a self-regulatory body were fast-tracked following last month’s infamous hack of cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck, now seen as the biggest cryptocurrency theft ever. A basic agreement toward the unified self-regulatory body on Thursday hinted at bitFlyer CEO Yuzo Kano becoming the body’s vice-chairman at launch.  Under the revised Payment Services Act, Japanese exchanges are mandated to register with Japan’s financial regulator, the Financial Services Agency, to acquire a special license before commencing operations. Exceptions are made for operational exchanges predating the new legislation. Coincheck is a notable example.  The new law also allows registered cryptocurrency exchange operators to form a voluntary self-regulatory body. However, the FSA reportedly refused to allow two separate self-regulatory bodies to operate, thereby leading to the upcoming and newly unified organization.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Cash Price Leads the Market as BTC Retreats Below $10,000 Twitter  The cryptocurrency market recovery finally began to stall on Friday, potentially bringing an end to the longest rally of 2018. The Bitcoin Cash price, however, continued to post double-digit percentage gains even as other coins began to trade sideways.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Yesterday, the  cryptocurrency market cap  had reached a pinnacle of $486.5 billion, its highest point since Feb. 1. Unfortunately, the market entered Friday on a downward slope, and the cryptocurrency market cap has since declined to a present value of $471.9 billion.  Bitcoin Price Dips Below $10,000  The  Bitcoin price  rode a bullish wave this week, rising as high as $10,300 after trading below $8,000 as recently as Feb. 11. On Friday, though, the Bitcoin price dipped back below $10,000. As of the time of writing, Bitcoin was valued at $9,793 on Bitfinex, which translates into a $166.9 billion market cap and represents a slight increase over its previous-day level.   Bitcoin Price Chart  The decline correlated with the start of Chinese New Year but it is unclear to what extent the events are linked, given that Bitcoin surged in advance of the holiday.  Conventional wisdom, though, suggests that the holiday could lead to some downward pressure on the markets, as regional investors exchange their cryptoasset holdings for fiat to finance their holiday spending.  Ethereum Price Charts Choppy Course  The Ethereum price, meanwhile, charted an incredibly choppy course that saw the second-largest cryptocurrency fluctuate between $906 and $944 before ending the day at $921. Ethereum maintains a market cap of $90.9 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart  Bitcoin Cash Price Headlines Tepid Altcoin Markets  The majority of top-tier altcoins traded sideways on Friday, with six of the top 10 cryptocurrencies (including Ethereum) making net single-day movements of less than one percent in either direction. There was, however, one notable exception: Bitcoin Cash.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The Bitcoin Cash price leaped by 12 percent for the day, reaching as high as 1,550 on Bitfinex before ebbing back to $1,457 at the time of writing. Bitcoin Cash was the only top-tier coin to post a double-digit percentage advance  — indeed, it was the only coin in the top 10 to rise by more than two percent  — and it now boasts a market cap of $25.5 billion.  Bitcoin Cash Price Chart  This advance enabled Bitcoin Cash to gain significant ground on third-ranked Ripple, which remains valued at $43.8 billion after a day of sideways trading. Cardano, NEO, EOS, and IOTA posted similarly-stagnant returns, while Litecoin and Stellar declined by three percent and one percent, respectively.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Surges to $10,000 as Market Continues to Recover to $500 Billion Twitter  The bitcoin price has surpassed the $10,000 mark, which analysts including BitFury vice chairman George Kikvadze described as a psychological threshold, as the entire cryptocurrency market recorded large gains.  Bitcoin  In yesterday’s report, CCN noted that bitcoin is in an ideal position to break through the $10,000 mark, given its strong volume across all major cryptocurrency exchanges. Although the price of bitcoin has dipped below $9,900 since achieving $10,000, unless sell volumes continue to rise in the upcoming hours, it is unlikely that the price of bitcoin will stay below the $10,000  mark in the short-term.   Throughout the past 12 hours, the daily trading volume of bitcoin and other major cryptocurrencies remained relatively low, in comparison to the market’s volume on February 15. Bitcoin also demonstrated a massive sell volume earlier today, the biggest one yet since February 14. If bitcoin cam remain above the $9,700 mark, the starting point of February 14, it will likely soon rebound to $10,000 and potentially lead a strong rally.  Tom Lee, a Wall Street strategist at Fundstrat known for his mid and long-term bitcoin analysis, has stated that bitcoin will likely achieve new all-time highs by July of this year. Based on the v-shaped bottom of bitcoin, Lee noted that bitcoin will begin to show resilience and start to build some momentum throughout the mid-term.  “This recent 70% decline is severe. We can see a case for Bitcoin’s resilience here given the sharpness of the recent decline,”  said Lee , predicting bitcoin to achieve a new all-time high by July.  Even at $10,000, bitcoin remains at below 53 percent from its all-time high established at $19,000. While most assets tend to struggle to recover in the short-term after 70 percent corrections, bitcoin has started to show early signs of mid-term recovery, as explained by Lee.  As a volatile currency, bitcoin declines by large margins but also increases rapidly in short periods of time. Hence, as bitcoin stabilizes above the $10,000 mark, as it did in throughout November and December, it is entirely possible that it will experience an exponential increase in value from $10,000 back to its all-time high at $19,000 in the upcoming months.  Ethereum, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash  After recording a massive increase in value with a 30 percent surge, the price of Litecoin has declined slightly, by 8 percent. Ethereum has also struggled to demonstrate gains it recorded on February 15, as the price of Ether decreased by 2 percent.  Still, Bitcoin Cash has seen an 8 percent increase within the past 24 hours, after surging by 30 percent last week. Bitcoin Cash has been the best performing major cryptocurrency, outside of 0x, which has enjoyed price spike due to the listing of Bittrex and South Korea’s second largest cryptocurrency exchange UpBit.  Overall, the market still remains optimistic, as bitcoin remains above $9,900 and other cryptocurrencies have not recorded large losses after a strong performance over the past two days. Premiums in the South Korean market have also reemerged, as the demand for cryptocurrencies from local investors have started to increase after a month-long bear market.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   The Siacoin Question: To Fork or Not to Fork? Twitter  Forks have been a hot topic recently due to the debates that they spark, and the potential for a new digital asset to come from contentious decisions.  In a recent turn of events, the Sia community has been undergoing a bit of internal debate regarding whether or not to deploy a soft-fork that would bolster ASIC mining competition outside of the umbrella of Nebulous – the managers of the Sia codebase.  Nebulous Expands into ASIC Manufacturing  Sia, the brain-child of David Vorick and Luke Champine, initially released back in 2015 as a means to decentralize file storage by offering individuals the ability to rent out their unused hard drive space for compensation. The technology featured file encryption against hosts wishing to view stored data, file redundancy by spreading data to a wide range of hosts, and smart con tracts enabling payments between renters and hosts. The system protects itself against malicious actors by deploying a Proof-of-Work consensus that attracted plenty of GPU-miners.  On June 19 th , Sia  teased their community  by releasing what appeared to be a company logo with the text “Obelisk. Coming soon.” Just a few days later, Nebulous announced their plans to enter the ASIC manufacturing world, specifically through Sia ASICs created by their latest subsidiary named  Obelisk . They began their initial pre-sale and had a date pegged for their first shipment to be sent sometime before Summer 2018.  Bitmain Crashes the Party  Unbeknownst to the entire Sia community and Nebulous, ASIC manufacturer Bitmain was slowly working in the background to build a miner dedicated to Sia. Bitmain  announced the sales and shipment  of them on Twitter before Obelisk’s miners were able to hit the market potentially this quarter.  Vorick was quick to  respond to this move , by reminding the community of Bitmain’s actions in the past, and alerting them to a potential card up their sleeve: a soft-fork that would invalidate any ASIC other than Obelisk’s own.  We did add an extra feature to the SC1 unit that would allow us to invalidate the Bitmain hardware without invalidating the SC1. The community would need to choose to adopt a soft-fork (it ’s not something we could just magically activate, we have to change the hashing algorithm slightly), and then we could get rid of this cycle of Bitmain hardware.  However, Vorick did mention that he believes that a soft-fork  isn’t  in Sia’s best interests, but the team would act if Bitmain were to attack the network. He closed the remarks by assuring the community that Sia is not “in trouble,” and then opened the debate up to allow the community to respond to the situation.  Hash Power, New Players, and a Contingency Plan  After Vorick’s scrutiny, Bitmain immediately went on the offensive and  opened up  a pool branch on Antpool for Sia. They flexed their muscles by quickly jumping to over 200 TH/s before calming things down. At the time of writing, Antpool’s hashrate is around  3% of the Sia network . Siamining currently controls the hashrate majority with ~68%.  What the Sia community  and  Bitmain didn’t expect was another manufacturer capitalizing on the current drama by entering the playing field.  ASIC manufacturing company Halong Mining  also announced  a Sia ASIC miner of their own, boasting speeds of 3.33TH. However, the community remained a bit skeptical considering that an image  hasn’t been uploaded  of the actual product on their website, and the fact that Halong has yet to deliver on their sha256 miners.  The community began to get nervous over the next wave of competition quickly entering the scene, and discussions of forking continued to brew at an increased rate on both the Sia Subreddit and Discord channel.  A Reddit user by the name of  /u/slowtoaster  took matters into their own hands by announcing a fork that would maintain compatibility with all ASIC miners if the Sia team decided to render their competition obsolete. However, the semantics of the announcement seemed as though the Reddit user was looking to capitalize on the potential to profit off of a new coin rather than have it be an initiative for the community, as t he post leaned toward exchange support first rather than the necessity of the contention.  The Community Responds  An  open letter  penned by members of the Sia community surfaced six days after the events began rolling, detailing the situation from a protectionist standpoint. The letter leaned toward supporting the soft-fork option posed, which would invalidate Bitmain ’s hardware and other ASIC manufacturer hardware outside of Obelisk’s.  The letter also detailed the fact that if Bitmain released their miners just a month earlier, a scheduled hard-fork would’ve activated sooner than expected, leading to potential network issues. Although this in and of itself alleviates Bitmain partially of malicious intent, the Sia community had every right to question their motives due to the number of controversies surroundin g the company.  In their drive to maximize profits, they externalize costs to blockchain communities. However, communities are not obliged to accept this. Already, the Sia community is concerned with the prospect of Bitmain behaving maliciously by either mining enough empty blocks to disrupt the Sia network or by performing a 51% attack.  The petition campaign included with the letter has since  received 261 signatures,  and is calling for the fork activation in order to protect the network from any potential attacks from Bitmain. The campaign implores potential signees to first read the open letter before making any decisions in order to paint a picture of the current conflict.  Sia Responds – Fork as a Last Resort  Just two days later, Zack Herbert, VP of Operations at Sia,  penned his own response  to the community letter, as well as the situation at hand. The letter states that the company isn’t in favor of a soft-fork which would invalidate Bitmain’s hardware, simply because it would be a “centralized, monopolistic move” which went against the ideology of the project.  The team recognizes Bitmain as a “bad actor,” and leaves their motives in the general realm of working to ‘undermine’ projects they get involved with. The team also took a shot at Bitmain’s infamous ‘ Antbleed ,’ which was a backdoor built into their miners in order to keep tabs on their customers and potentially compromise rival operations. They did, in fact, point A3 owners toward “friendly pools” for mining such as Luxor and SiaMining to keep the network protected.  We are trying to build a storage layer for the internet. And we therefore cannot afford to damage our reputation and split the community when we are this young.  One of the more striking notes – also highlighted by a majority of readers on the article – let the community know that the Sia team will, in fact, soft-fork to invalidate Bitmain’s hardware if they take any action to “harm” the project. This action would exist outside of any form of consensus, leaving the custodians of the project to decide its fate rather than the community.  This also meant that the situation of whether or not the community would fork the project rested on the community’s shoulders alone, as Sia took a step back from the potential update.  To Fork or Not to Fork  Whether or not Sia is to undergo the fork to invalidate other ASIC miners still isn’t clear, but the internal team has drawn their line in the sand by threatening to deploy only if Bitmain was to attack the network. The team’s decision to err on the side of caution when it came to a fork to bolster their competition is a nod to the merits of competition in the space, and keepin g decentralized systems decentralized.  In this case, it will truly be up to the community to decide the fate of the fork. With enough hashpower, development, and exchange support, anything is possible.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cyberinsurance Providers are Coming for Cryptocurrency Exchanges Twitter  2017 was one of the worst years for hacking on record. We ’ve seen  reports  of unsolicited miner-ware installations generating millions of dollars worth of  Monero ,  Coincheck ‘s breach result in close to half a billion dollars in losses, ICO  phishing  scams, and much more. This cycle has repeated itself ever since  Mt. Gox  was breached in 2011. As anyone who follows the news knows, this trend is not exclusive to the crypto world. One journalist declared  “ 2017 Was The Year of Hacks. ” before predicting 2018 would get worse.  Cyber insurance historical data and projections from May of 2017.  This trend has led to the emergence of cyber insurance. In 2017 cyber insurance became the fastest growing type of insurance in the United States experiencing unprecedented growth in the double-digit percentages per year, in what was already a billion dollar market. This growth, combined with what are comparably large premiums has led to an insurance gold rush in the area.  As with  most other things  related to crypto, the cyber insurers ’ potential addition of blockchain has created tons of buzz. We ’ve previously  reported  on Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance ’s rollout of a small scale crypto insurance product in Japan. On a larger scale, we ’ve also  discussed   Coinbases ’ massive policy with Lloyds of London that covers the 2% of coins, which are not kept in  “cold storage ”. These policies are certainly the tip of what is becoming a fast-growing iceberg.  An Expansion of Cyberinsurance  U.S. Cyber Insurance Market Grows Amid Data Breach Concerns (PRNewsFoto/Insurance Information Institute)  With all the  insurance blockchain plays  currently being launched, including  one  by insurance giant AIG, it ’s a bit surprising how old-fashioned the crypto insurance market is. I have confidence an ICO or two will shake it up soon. In the meantime, the crypto insurance market seems to be almost an exact replica of the cyber insurance market. In 2016 AIG, Chubb and XL Group were  reported  as leading the Cyber insurance market. Today, AIG has already  said  they ’ve underwritten a few policies as part of an  “exploratory phase ” of what could be a much larger roll out. XL Caitlin and Chubb are also already selling crypto insurance.  Much like cyber insurance, the crypto insurance market needs time to mature. More importantly, insurance providers need data to refine their underwriting models over the next few years. It ’s certainly going to be a long process and much like cyber insurance, it all starts with risk assessments. Companies will have to undergo months of due diligence including extensive infrastructure reviews, third and (possibly) fourth party vendor security audits, and take expensive steps to ensure compliance with regulations surrounding data governance.  Obstacles Remain  Despite some of these policies being sold now, questions remain. For one, classic cyber insurance policies rely on the stability of fiat currency. If there ’s a $100 million stolen in a breach (excluding somewhat predictable legal fees, investigations …) the maximum amount the insurance company can pay out is $100 million. If, however, Bitcoin was insured in January of 2016, insurance companies would have to deal with price increases in the thousands of percent. To address this, many insurance companies will insure based on value regardless of price fluctuations (in the case of gold, for instance). The constant readjustments can lead to dramatic fluctuations in premiums that can prove intolerable to insurance underwriters and their customers alike.  Another issue, in both cyber insurance and cryptoinsurance, is that of phishing scams. If an  attack  on a companies DNS leads to cryptocurrency being sent to the wrong wallet, is the insurance company still liable? Shouldn ’t the customer have checked the SSL certificate to verify the identity of the server? All of these questions are being answered in cyber insurance and will have to be answered independently by the crypto insurance markets. Especially in light of the recent astronomic rise of phishing scams targeting crypto investors.  Despite the risk, insurance companies seem to be getting into this industry. Crypto insurance is likely to form an increasingly large part of the crypto insurance market. Its growth has been and will continue to be exacerbated by frequent hacks. It ’ll be exciting to see where this industry ends up.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Russian Engineers Caught Using State Supercomputer to Mine Bitcoin Twitter  Employees of the Russian Nuclear Center in Sarov have been caught using the facility ’s supercomputer to mine Bitcoin.  The two engineers managed to connect the offline machine to the internet, applying its ’ vast computational power to the Bitcoin network. However, it appears to pair did not get far. The RFNC-VNIIEF press-service  announced  that the operation had been  “timely suppressed ”, with Russia ’s Federal Security Service (FSB)  immediately beginning investigations after picking up unauthorized data from the device. No information was provided regarding the number of bitcoins successfully mined, or the identities of the accused.  The offenders will face criminal charges, according to the Russian  source . Due to the institution ’s government connection the pair will allegedly be accused of  “state-treason ”, although no information is available regarding the punishment this charge may imply.  Allegedly they have been released from detention on the condition that they stay within the country.  Tatyana Zalesskaya, head of the research institute press service, spoke with the Russian  source , stating that this was not the first occurrence of such a case:  “Similar attempts have recently been registered in a number of large companies with large computing capacities ”  This is perhaps unsurprising, with individuals drawn to do so by the sheer capabilities they offer. Supercomputers such as the one at the Sarov facility dwarf home mining rigs, enabling much faster block discovery  – and therefore greater rewards. Moreover, using institutional computers is made more profitable still by allowing miners to circumvent the notoriously high electricity costs.     The supercomputer in question is capable of one petaflop, or 1,000,000,000,000,000 FLOPS. FLOPS, (Floating Point Operations Per Second) are used to measure the performance of a computer ’s processor, and the unit petaflop is reserved for only the most powerful supercomputers. It has been operational since 2011, performing highly complex scientific calculations, and, as the most powerful supercomputer in Russia it would likely have been the most profitable for bitcoin mining. This is because mining is a process that forces machines to do computational work, sol ving hash functions in order verify that process transactions on the network. It ’s a process where the faster a machine can check  hashes, the more likely it is that it will be included in a block and be rewarded with Bitcoin, and in this digital race supercomputers have a clear and tantalizing advantage.     Sarov was home to theoretical physicist and Nobel laureate Andrei Sakharov, and is located in the Nizhny Novgorod region of the country. The state-owned facility, now officially closed, was until recently code-named Arzamas-16 and absent from maps.     Cryptocurrency mining is growing in popularity across Russia  – a nation that often avoids the central issue of keeping mining machines cool due to it ’s long and cold winters. It has become widely known, receiving endorsement from leader Vladimir Putin ’s aide Dmitry Marinichev, who has  publicly spoken  regarding the ease of setting up a mining rig. The notoriety of crypto in this country is clear, with Russia last October announcing plans to issue an official state cryptocurrency, the CryptoRuble, and adopting a lax stance on regulation.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
DECREASE	   What Are Stablecoins and Why Are They Poised to Impact the Crypto-Economy? Twitter  While the notion of a non-volatile, price-stable cryptocurrency is often bandied about in economic literature, there are numerous organizational and algorithmic roadblocks associated with this technology. “Stablecoins,” as they are called by the greater blockchain community, are digital tokens (much like Bitcoin and Litecoin) that are intended to provide measurable stability an d security.  According to  this article , these coins are “designed to be used as a unit of account and even as a store of value.” Digitally, these tokens would have extremely broad and substantial implications across the world of fintech.  “Stablecoins are what allow us to fully realize the promise of blockchain technology,” says  Cryptolinks . “Any application which requires a low threshold of volatility to be viable on a blockchain, consumer loans for example, simply cannot be denominated in a currency which fluctuates 10–20 percent in a day, like Bitcoin and Ether. If you’re using Bitcoin to send a remittance from one country to another, there’s a good chance that the price movement over the period of one block c onfirmation (how long it takes the blockchain to include your transaction) will be larger than the fees charged by Western Union or PayPal.”  The outstanding problem, however, is that no team has been able to develop a universally accepted stablecoin that does not compromise features of security or decentralization.  There are a few companies in the space making headway. For example, the  TrueCoin Project  is building a USD-backed stablecoin that is 100 percent collateralized, legally protected and transparently audited. The team comes out of Stanford, Palantir and Google; its backers include Founders Fund Angel, Stanford’s StartX and Blocktower Capital. TrueCoin has developed a legal framework for collateralized cryptocurrencies in collaboration with Cooley and Arnold  & Porter, and has a growing network of fiduciary, compliance and banking partners.  The TrueCoin project offers a much-needed alternative to Tether, a USD-backed stablecoin that has grown to over $1.5 billion but is widely distrusted by crypto exchanges and traders. Tether holds their fiat currency in a centralized bank account and does not offer legal protection for token holders. TrueCoin’s solution offers transparent monthly auditing, 100 percent collateral  in USD and enforceable legal rights for token holders, enabling the first trustworthy USD-backed stable coin. This is a massive upgrade for financial stakeholders who seek stability in cryptocurrencies.  TrueCoin leverages trusts to provide certificates of ownership of USD in a real set of bank accounts. Trusts are extremely flexible and robust financial vehicles that are often subject to daily auditing and complete legal protection for token holders under trust law. Serving as a more secure, distributed substitute for a single central bank account, trusts will empower near-ins tantaneous exchanges between tokens and fiat currencies, enabling real-world utilization.  Through TrueUSD, “users have access to a growing network of trust accounts, each managed by distinct professional fiduciaries. As users add or redeem USD in each trust account, the account will mint or destroy the corresponding tokens.” Thus, this innovative stablecoin can scale up by adding more bank accounts without increasing counterparty risk.  Stablecoins could quickly become the universally accepted, international currency of the future. They have the potential to empower everyone to take part in an evolving crypto-economy, without compromising security and freedom. If implemented at scale, they are poised to become a foundational component of the next-generation economy.  It will be interesting to see how different teams take on this technical and operational challenge of scaling up a stablecoin.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Colored Bitcoin Exchange Coinprism is Shutting Down Twitter  Users on the Coinprism platform have until March 31 to withdraw funds and redirect them to another wallet or export private keys. Dublin-based Coinprism, a wallet service founded in 2014 as an early blockchain startup, is closing down,  according to an alert  on the company ’s website. Both the Coinprism block explorer and the Coinprism API will be closed. According to the company, technology has evolved since their launch, making their offering obsolete in light of Ethereum ERC-20-based tokens, which drive many ICO tokens.  Users who hold funds in a Coinprism wallet are being advised by the startup to transfer their bitcoin and colored coins out of Coinprism and into another wallet  — or export their private keys  — by the end of the first quarter, according to an email obtained by CCN.  Coinprism was a platform fueled by a colored bitcoin wallet for the trading of digital assets, founded by Flavien Charlon. In the email, Coinprism offers some solace to its users, reminding them that bitcoin and colored-coin funds are independent of the Coinprism platform and instead reside on the blockchain. As a result, they will not disappear alongside the Coinprism exchange .  But the bitcoin and colored-coin funds can ’t be accessed without the use of a private key, and as a result, Coinprism is imploring users to export them.  Coinprism users should  visit this page  to begin the bitcoin export process Next, reimport them or  “sweep them into a bitcoin-compatible wallet ” (the process similarly works for forked coins including bitcoin cash) To keep color coin assets, you need an open-asset compatible wallet. Coinprism recommends Colorecore.  Meanwhile, the latest block transaction on the Coinprism website is dated for Feb. 11, 2018. But when attempting to create a Coinprism wallet, we were brought to a page informing users of the impending shutdown.  Coinprism website  The Coinprism Platform  Coinprism used  “colorized ” bitcoin to represent any asset that the user wanted to trade  — ranging from equity shares to a vehicle, gold or even a home  — on a blockchain-agnostic platform. The now-defunct company likened its color-coded digital coin system to the HTTP protocol of the internet, adding another layer to bitcoin that it said bolstered the applications for the cryptocurrency.  The writing may have been on the wall, with the startup not having updated its blog since 2016 and the latest tweets dating back to that year as well. Coinprism ’s Flavian has already moved onto greener pastures, according to his  LinkedIn profile , with the launch of Trezeo, which is a gig economy platform by which freelancers get paid. In its heydey, Coinprism had  inked a partnership with  the likes of Microsoft ’s Azure.  A Reddit user saw some red flags as much as a year ago when they were exploring various colored-coin companies.  Reddit  Other anecdotal feedback from Reddit users was that Coinprism customer service was  “lacking ” and that developers had abandoned its Open Assets protocol.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Harvard Geneticist Launches DNA-Fueled Blockchain Startup Twitter  Nebula Genomics will have its own coin and go head to head with Ancestry.com and Google-backed 23andMe. George Church,  a professor at  Harvard and MIT, is taking a different tack than his genetics testing rivals. He ’s developed a token-fueled system on the blockchain that monetizes DNA to incentivize members to participate in genome sequencing. It keeps personal DNA data in the hands of the individual  — not big pharma  — letting them choose if they want to share and monetize that data for research purposes.  Nebula is built on Blockstack and is driven by Ethereum smart contracts on the blockchain. The Nebula ecosystem is fueled by the Nebula token, which is the currency by which individuals pay for their personal genome sequencing and related data. Meanwhile, data buyers use the tokens, which they can purchase with fiat currency, to acquire access to DNA data.  Based on Professor Church ’s research, no other human genomics company even comes close to delivering on what Nebula Genomics can do  –  Nebula White Paper  Solving a Biological Problem  There are a host of benefits to the genome sequencing process, not the least of which involves family planning. Whole genome sequencing can reveal the risks of passing on a genetic disorder to a child. Meanwhile, DNA research also gives people the opportunity to  “take preventative action ” to prevent a disease, such as liver failure or cancer, from worsening.  Professor Church is looking to solve a problem in science surrounding  “small data quantities, data fragmentation, a lack of standardization and slow data acquisition, ” as per his website. He ’s touting features such as the decentralized nature of the blockchain, which in addition to slashing costs and bolstering privacy lets members own their own DNA data without any third parties.  Till now, the business model of these companies has been to separate ownership of the genomics data from the individual, giving everyone but the individual   — mainly DNA testing companies and the pharmaceutical industry  — a way to monetize the data.  For instance, the individual purchases a DNA kit from a shop such as venture-backed 23andMe and  85% of the time  agrees to share their personal genomics data for research purposes. Individuals are not only sharing their personal data but also giving up ownership rights to the company, in this example 23andMe, who then can profit from it via pharmaceutical industry-driven research.  DNA testing, however, has come a long way, from billions of dollars for human genome sequencing at about the turn of the century to hundreds today. Nebula offers genome sequencing for $1,000 and exome sequencing for $300, price points that are expected to drop as  “DNA sequencing becomes cheaper, ” as per the company.  According to Nebula, personal genome sequencing has the power to facilitate  “better diagnosis, disease prevention and personalized therapies. ” When used for research, the DNA data enables a more detailed classification system and new drugs,  “creating a genomics data market worth billions, ”  as per the white paper .  Professor Chruch points to open protocol that gives scientists the ability to  “aggregate standardized data ” across people and databases. It ’s unclear whether he plans on launching an upcoming ICO.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Records Minor Correction as Bitcoin and Ethereum Fall 10% Twitter  Within merely 24 hours after recording massive gains and peaking at $450 billion, the cryptocurrency market has fallen, recording a minor correction. Major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, and Bitcoin Cash all fell by over 10 percent.  Bitcoin and Ethereum Fall 10%  As CCN noted in yesterday’s report, in periods of extreme volatility, the vast majority of cryptocurrencies in the market tend to follow the trend of two major cryptocurrencies: bitcoin and Ethereum. This morning, the price of both bitcoin and Ether, the native cryptocurrency of the Ethereum network, fell by 10 percent, erasing gains made on February 10.  Ethereum peaked at $909 less than 24 hours ago, but throughout the rally, the daily trading volume of Ether across all major exchanges remained relatively low. Consequently, over the past 12 hours, the price of Ether declined from $909 to $793, stabilizing at $810. Given that Ether has experienced a steep decline in the past 24 hours, it is unlikely that the price of Ether woul d continue to decline unless it dips below $800.   The daily trading volume of Ether still remains low on major exchanges, and it is struggling to regain momentum.  Bitcoin has demonstrated a similar trend as Ether, dipping below $8,000 and falling to $7,950. Although it has gained back some of its losses, like Ether, it is testing the $8,000 region. Bitcoin also has low daily trading volume across major exchanges and thus, unless a short-term recovery is made, it is likely that the price of bitcoin will remain in the $8,100 region over the next 24 hours.   However, if bitcoin and Ethereum can recover swiftly in the short-term, as the price of Ether surged from $780 to $900 on February 10, both cryptocurrencies have the potential to rebound back to yesterday’s levels, especially if volumes can support their short-term momentum.  Mid-Term Trend  Earlier this week, Roc Nation, the company founded by Jay Z, the rapper, producer, and media mogul, invested in Robinhood, the US-based financial services company that is launching its cryptocurrency trading platform called Robinhood Crypto later this year.  Neil Sirni, the president of Arrive, a subsidiary company of Roc Nation,  stated:  “We believe in Baiju and Vlad ’s mission to make the financial markets more accessible and cost efficient for customers of all size. Robinhood will have our support as they execute the long-term vision of their company. ”  The official statement of Roc Nation emphasized Robinhood’s mid-term plan of operating a cryptocurrency trading platform and its vision to improve the accessibility of the financial market.  If the global stock market continues to remain volatile and the cryptocurrency market recovers in the short-term as it did throughout this week, it is possible that investors in the traditional finance market could eye cryptocurrencies as mid-term investment to hedge against the global stock market.   Overall, the market is showing some signs of mid-term recovery but the demand for cryptocurrencies and daily trading volumes of the market are not supporting the movement. For strong momentum to build up, daily trading volumes of major cryptocurrencies across large-scale cryptocurrency exchanges must remain relatively high.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
DECREASE	   Is the Wabi Team Over-Streched? Twitter  Recently, there has been a lot of hype surrounding cryptos newest utility darling,  Wabi . According to the  white paper , Wabi is a “digital cryptocurrency which supports Walimai’s anticounterfeit system and is backed by sales of products”. Walimai, in turn, is a company founded in 2014 in the wake of counterfeit infant formula scandal which left 300,000 victims hospitalized or dead in China. The companies clear  need for  a blockchain to create a reliable product along with its practicality in the rapidly growing Chinese market has made it a HODL for many cryptocurrency investors.  Indeed, the problem with Wabi has nothing to do with the product itself. The product is in active use around the world and has fueled revenue growth for  Walimai  through partner  JD.com  where consumers have given great feedback and shown a willingness to pay almost 20% more to make sure these products are safe. This traction is fantastic and has led to many-a-fundamental analysis praising the product.  The problem has nothing to do with the token itself. The problem with Wabi is the founding team ’s complete and utter disregard for their community and investors as well as a lack of focus on the part of their team. Wabi, unlike many other cryptocurrencies, has a founding team that operates as a corporation. It’s been almost 4 years since Walamai’s official founding and reportedly 6 since the founders started discussing the idea. Their corporate structure, strictly intern al communications prior to press releases, and communication cadences are firmly entrenched and not well suited to the cryptocurrency market.   Communications to the community and investors are infrequent and result in concern from the community as to whether anything is happening internally, what stage they are at in initiatives that they had clear deadlines on, and whether anything is being done on the product at all. Take for instance the Wabi  website . Prominent on the website is a timeline of the team ’s accomplishments. The timeline starts off in 2008 with the infant formula scandal and shows progress through September of 2017 where they show that the impressive milestone of “First sales at physical baby stores” was accomplished. However, their milestones after this date (coincidentally, also the date of the pre-sale) have been mute. The roadmap shows that milestones in November-December 2017 and December 2017 have not been completed yet.  This, combined with infrequent  medium updates  (compared to the weekly updated done by many other coins), and the failure to hit their self-proclaimed milestones causes me great concern.  Finally, and this is my most concerning discovery, their tech team would seem to include 2 very busy people:   The first is  Roman Tronenko , identified on their website as the Mobile Lead/Blockchain Architect. He seems extremely talented but appears to have executive positions at 4 different companies. He’s a Founder/CTO at  gogo.tattoo , an interesting project aiming to bring the blockchain to tattoos to ensure originality, connect clients with artists, and make portfolios permanent. He’s also a Senior Mobile Engineer at  italki , an online language learning platform that appears to have raised a $3,000,000 series A round. It ’s also purported to have 3 million users and 5,000 teachers. The companies  LinkedIn  says it has between 51-200 employees. Finally, he is the CTO at MDL, another interesting startup hoping to bring blockchain to talent sourcing. Their (Italki)  latest blog post  was about two weeks after Wabi’s. While this man is obviously extremely impressive, it causes one to wonder why he has so much on his plate. Is Wabi not lucrative enough? More importantly, why aren’t they paying even a single full-time software developer after all the money they’ve raised.  This brings us to our next developer,  Dmitry Korzhik , who has another extraordinarily busy schedule. Dmitry is listed on Wabi’s website as “Blockchain Lead” and on his own LinkedIn as “Blockchain Development Engineer”. Either way, it’s clear he’s supposed to be doing some of the programming onWalimai ’s array of products. This isn’t the first role on his LinkedIn, however. According to his own LinkedIn his primary role is “Product Development” at  Rocket ICO , a pretty awesome online startup incubator and investment platform. This ICO has raised over $1 million and is looking to raise $10 million in their token sale. As if this weren’t enough, Dmitry is also the “Chief Business Development Officer” at a company called  Mind development  which I couldn’t find much info on but apparently is a public company located in Minsk. Finally, he purports to be an IT Consultant at a company known as “Radiation Instruments and New Components LLC” which appears to be a company he set up to do consulting for engineering firms working on new projects. Once again, I have no doubt of this developers talents, but can’t help but question if he’s spread a little thin.  Finally, we have  Arthur Pinchuk  the “Software development team leader”. In my experience, this doesn’t usually mean he’s writing any code but we’ll include him here anyway. Much like Dmitry, Arthur’s first role is not listed as Walimai but as the “Board Director for IT Strategy” at Rocket ICO.  On this website, he’s listed right next to our friend Dmitry Korzhik, who’s listed as the “Head of Product Development” on the  Rocket ICO  website. On both websites, it sounds like he’s not doing much coding at all.  Wabi’s technical team concerns me. They’ve got milestones to hit which closely involve their tech team and an app which has just “previewed” on WeChat but not been shipped yet (indicating there is still much work to do). The teams lack of focus is disconcerting in a market where speed seems to be everything and competitors are entering every day. Added to the dearth of dedicated engineering talent is the lack of outreach, failure to hit milestones, and general lack of focus. Their PR team and as far as we know their business development people of which none are specified on their website consistently fail to capitalize on incidents like the  recent recall of baby food in 83 countries .   All of this has caused me to significantly shrink, but not completely get rid of my position in Wabi. I still have confidence in their core product offering, and that pressure from customers will force them to build a better more focused team. Until then, I’m going to HODL my remaining position.  Disclaimer: The views expressed in the article are solely that of the author and do not represent those of, nor should they be attributed to CCN. This article was originally published in December 2017  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Fortune 500 Firms Express ‘Deluge of Interest’ in ICOs: Indiegogo Twitter  An executive at crowdfunding giant Indiegogo said that the company has seen a “deluge of interest” since launching its initial coin offering (ICO) platform, with both startups and Fortune 500 companies approaching the company about holding token sales through the service.  Jason White, who heads Indiegogo’s equity crowdfunding and token sale division, made this comment during the All Markets Summit: Crypto, which was held on Feb. 7 in New York City.  As CCN  reported , Indiegogo launched its ICO platform in December through a partnership with broker-dealer MicroVentures. The platform operates under a provision in the 2012 JOBS Act, which places funding restrictions on startups but allows non-accredited investors to contribute up to $10,000 to a securities offering.  So far, Indiegogo’s ICO platform has hosted only one token launch, that belonging to the Fan-Controlled Football League (FCFL), which plans to create a professional football league where fans can use tokens to vote on in-game and managerial decisions such as which plays teams should run and what players the team should draft. The FCFL token sale proved to be a success, and it h it its $5 million funding cap in about 10 days.  Despite the success of this pilot, Indiegogo has not yet hosted another ICO. This is not because the company is having second thoughts after the recent market downturn or the platform has failed to attract startups.  In fact, White said that Indiegogo has seen a “deluge of interest” from not only startups but also Fortune 500 companies, a group that includes the world’s largest publicly-listed and private corporations. Indiegogo says that it will thoroughly vet projects before it lists them on its platform, which has likely contributed to the delay.  Yesterday, Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Chairman Jay Clayton said that every ICO he has encountered should be classified as a security under federal regulations, a statement that will likely drive even more startups to platforms such as Indiegogo and  tZERO , both of which aim to facilitate security token sales that comply with these regulations.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘Hodl Nuts’ Are ‘Cyber Terrorists’ and Bitcoin Is Going to Zero: ‘Dr Doom’ Roubini Twitter  There’s something about Bitcoin that seems to bring out the worst in economists.  Whether its the fundamental ideology behind cryptocurrency  — that control of the money supply should not be placed in the hands of the few  — or the mere fact that this asset, once universally-derided by the mainstream financial establishment, has defied economists ’ flippant prognostications from years past, one cannot discern.  What is clear, however, is that economists as a group exhibit an utter disdain toward cryptocurrency that borders on naked zealotry.  The latest data point in this trend is Nouriel Roubini, who served as a senior economic advisor during the Clinton administration.  Earlier this week, Roubini  — nicknamed  “Dr Doom ” for predicting the 2008 financial crisis  — unleashed a tweetstorm aimed a floundering Bitcoin and its defiant supporters, or in his words “HODL nuts,” “Cryptocrazies,” and “Cyber-Terrorists.”  On Monday, Roubini  — who has been  predicting Bitcoin’s imminent doom  since at least 2015  — gloated that the flagship cryptocurrency’s price had crashed down to $6,000  — just as he “expected,” he said.   Bitcoin crashing now to $6,100. And the US Hearing on cryptoscams is only a day away. So a $5K handle looks highly likely unless the crypto-manipulation gangs starts pumping and dumping or wash trading again. So HODL nuts: be ready for a 75% loss from recent peaks.  — Nouriel Roubini (@Nouriel)  February 6, 2018    As expected Bitcoin now crashes below $6000. Now the $5K handle is reached. And the US Congressional Hearing on Crypto-Scams is still a day away. HODL nuts will hold their melting Bitcoins all the way down to ZERO while scammers and whales dump and run …  — Nouriel Roubini (@Nouriel)  February 6, 2018   He further praised Augustin Carstens, the chief of the Bank for International Settlements (BIS), who recently  labeled Bitcoin  a “combination of a bubble, a Ponzi scheme, and an environmental disaster.”  Of course, as CCN  reported , the US Senate hearing on cryptocurrencies did not go quite as Dr Doom expected.  In fact, demonstrated that while industry regulation is likely to increase in the coming months and years, neither regulators or legislators are dismissing cryptocurrency as a fad. Rather, regulators stressed that Congress should pursue regulations cautiously and that they should be “carefully tailored” to address specific risks and protect investors from scams.  The cryptocurrency markets made a bullish pivot as the hearing progressed, and by Tuesday the Bitcoin price had recovered to a global average of $8,435  — a single-day gain of 22 percent.  But fret not, Bitcoin bears, Roubini has an explanation for this too. It ’s market manipulation, of course! After all, why else would anyone buy Bitcoin?  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Japan’s Cryptocurrency Exchanges Face Increased Inspections from Regulators Twitter  In the aftermath of the half-a-billion-dollar hack of cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck, Japan’s regulators are reportedly ramping up their scrutiny on the industry with on-site inspections in the coming days.  Japanese financial publication  Nikkei  reports regulators from the Financial Services Agency (FSA) will look to visit multiple domestic cryptocurrency exchange operators as early as this week. The on-site scrutiny, according to the report, is a measure toward forcing cryptocurrency exchanges to adopt a stronger cybersecurity posture and more-secure consumer protection measures.  As  reported  last month, Coincheck confirmed it was the victim of a theft of over $530 million in NEM’s XEM token (300,000 tokens were stolen), supplanting Tokyo-based Mt Gox as  the biggest  cryptocurrency hack in history.  Coincheck is one of 32 cryptocurrency exchanges operating in Japan and, notably, not among the 16 registered operators working under the oversight of the Financial Services Agency. After Japan passed legislation recognizing bitcoin as a legal method of payment, new laws also mandated new cryptocurrency operators to register with the FSA. However, Coincheck was exempt from compl ying with the rules since it was operating before the mandated law kicked in.  Following the hack, Coincheck announced a plan to compensate some 260,000 NEM holders victimized by the hack, a claim which was checked upon by the FSA during a subsequent on-site inspection of the Tokyo-based exchange.  The theft saw Japan’s finance minister  demand  the FSA to better supervise cryptocurrency exchanges in order to prevent customer losses. “We will appropriately weigh the balance between promotion of innovation and protection of users in (supervising) cryptocurrency exchanges,” finance minister Taro Aso said last week.  The FSA has been listening and is now set to begin spot checks of a number of exchanges. There are legitimate concerns of other exchanges using lax security standards. The Nikkei report points to multiple exchanges returning ‘vague details’ when asked to return information on systems used in customers’ asset management, corporate governance, and security. More than one of the p resumably 16 exchanges operating without regulatory oversight was discovered managing assets ‘in an insufficiently secure manner.’  A lack of experts employed by cryptocurrency exchanges, specifically in internal auditing and cybersecurity, could see the FSA introduce disciplinary penalties for operators continuing to function without robust security measures.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   European Banks Could Soon Hold Bitcoin, Admits ECB President Twitter  The president of the European Central Bank has publicly stated that European banks could hold positions in bitcoin after developments such as Bitcoin futures contracts listings by US exchanges.  While  delivering  the opening statement and closing remarks at a European Parliament meeting this week, European Central Bank (ECB) president Mario Draghi weighed in on the topic of cryptocurrencies referencing their discussions by other speakers during the meeting. The ECB chief revealed the authority hadn’t observed any current trend of European banks holding cryptocurrencies. More pointedly,  financial institutions in the European Union “are showing a limited appetite for digital currencies like Bitcoin” he said, adding this is currently the case despite a heightened public interest and appetite for cryptocurrencies.  That trend could change with the advent of cryptocurrencies permeating into mainstream finance, the central banker admitted.  Draghi stated:  “However, recent developments, such as the listing of Bitcoin futures contracts by US exchanges, could lead European banks too to hold positions in Bitcoin, and therefore we will certainly look at that. ”  It’s a noteworthy statement from Draghi, despite following up the remark by deeming “unregulated” Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies as “very risky assets” where banks should proactively consider risks if they decide to include cryptocurrencies within their portfolio. To the  contempt  of many Wall Street banks, the world ’s largest derivatives exchange  – the CME Group, listed bitcoin futures contracts in mid-December after cross-town CBOE led the way with  its own listing  a week prior.  The EU central banking head also hinted at an upcoming uniform oversight via a ‘Single Supervisory Mechanism’ to oversee digital assets’ risks toward supervised institutions, or banks.  Draghi has previously stated that the ECB  does not have the authority  to regulate bitcoin but his remarks this week suggest a more supervisory – not regulatory  – approach to bitcoin and cryptocurrencies adopted or allowed among EU banks and possibly nations. Somewhat contradictorily, Draghi also suggested  – later that month in October 2016  – that cryptocurrencies hadn’t matured enough for the ECB to consider regulation.  In November, Draghi added that bitcoin and the wider cryptocurrency sector’s impact was “ pretty limited ” and did not pose any risks for central banks as decentralized cryptocurrencies that fundamentally reject the control of money supply through a few institutions.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Binance Denies Hack Rumors, Plans to Reopen Trading Friday Morning Twitter  Binance, the world’s highest-volume cryptocurrency exchange, denied rumors that it had been hacked after maintenance dragged on long past its originally-posted timeframe, leaving traders unable to access the platform.  Binance Suffers Extended Downtime  On Wednesday afternoon,  Binance  abruptly posted on Twitter that the exchange, which regularly handles several billion dollars worth of volume in a single day  — was undergoing system maintenance and that users would likely experience “a temporary decrease” in performance.   A system maintenance is in progress, some users may experience a temporary decrease in exchange performance while this in underway.Thank you for your understanding.  — binance (@binance_2017)  February 8, 2018   An hour later, the exchange posted another update, explaining that the maintenance  — which involved fully resyncing the company’s replica database  — would take longer than originally expected and that it could take “several hours” to get the platform back online.  Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao later extended that time frame again, stating that it would likely take 10 hours to finish the update.  By this point, the exchange had been offline for nearly 13 hours, and traders were frustrated both that they could not access their funds and their open orders would not be filled.  Unfortunately, Binance extended the maintenance window once more, stating that the data sync was taking longer than expected and the platform would likely not be back up and running until Friday morning at 4 am UTC.  As of 7 pm UTC on Thursday, the exchange continued to stick to that timetable, and it said that it would provide users with access to the platform 30 minutes before it reopens trading so that they can cancel open orders and perform any other necessary tasks.  Company Denies Hack Rumors  Many users thanked the exchange for its transparency, while others grumbled about the extended downtime. A few questioned whether Binance had been hacked.  Noted provocateur John McAfee used his blue checkmark to add fuel to the fire, tweeting that  “top crypto influencers ” believed the company may have been hacked.  “While I have no hard evidence, rumours are flying among top crypto influencers that they may have been hacked. Will keep you informed,” he said.  Binance quickly rebuffed those rumors in a tweet directed personally to McAfee, and Zhao tweeted out a picture to back up his claim.   All because this didn’t do what it was suppose to do. Not hack.  pic.twitter.com/gHW9fxaAQN  — CZ (@cz_binance)  February 8, 2018   McAfee, however, refused to concede. “I ’m sorry but I have received dozens of reports similar to this. Not trying to create FUD, just trying to understand, ” he said.  “We will prove you wrong, ” Zhao replied.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Winklevoss Twins Lay Into “Privileged Minority” Cryptocurrency Critics Twitter  While speaking to  CNBC  at the Milken Institute’s MENA Summit in Abu Dhabi, Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, better known as the Winklevoss twins, took a dig at the older generation of the financial community who mostly criticizes cryptocurrencies, stating that they don’t understand the future of money.  The Winklevoss twins were asked to respond to criticism leveled by Wall Street personalities, including legendary investor Warren Buffett, who stated bitcoin was a “ real bubble ,” and JP Morgan’s CEO Jamie Dimon, who claimed the flagship cryptocurrency was a “ fraud .”  The twins had previously addressed Dimon’s comments. As reported by CCN, they  dared the CEO to short bitcoin,  since he believed the market was going to fail in the long run. DImon has since revealed he  regrets his bitcoin ‘fraud’ remark , although he remains uninterested in the cryptocurrency.  To the Winklevoss twins, the negativity these Wall Street personalities show is a “failure of the imagination.” Cameron Winklevoss even added that millennials would rather have software over hardware on their portfolios, referring to bitcoin as software and gold as hardware.  When asked to clarify if they meant the critics are “too old” to understand cryptocurrencies, Tyler stated that as people get older their brain loses plasticity, which makes them end up wedded to the framework they have, Then, hinting they suffer from the mere-exposure effect, a psychological phenomenon by which they tend to start preferring things because of familiarity, he sa id:  “You enter this world and you ’re taught money is this thing that ’s green, or it ’s this precious metal, and you start confusing what ’s familiar or what you use as what ’s real or the way things have to be. It ’s also a framework that ’s been embedded in, burned into your brain for let ’s say 65-70 years and maybe in some of these cases, examples, you ’re talking about 80 years”  Adding to that, he said it is hard to unlearn or think about something new for those individuals, as to them “the status quo is really good.” There are, however, many people in the world with no access to a bank account, and to him bitcoin’s critics are a “privileged minority.”  Current Payments System Is Broken  He further asked if there was a JP Morgan branch opening up in Africa to bank the unbanked, and added that the current payments system is broken. Cryptocurrencies are to the twins a way to fix it, as they allow for fast, peer-to-peer transactions.  To prove his point, the Winklevoss brother said that the “biggest joke is the fastest way to get money from NY to London is to jump on a plane with a bag of cash.” Wiring a payment on a Friday night, he added, means the money won’t get to its destination until Tuesday.  “Imagine if your email was only open from 9 a.m. to 5 a.m., Monday to Friday. You might actually be happy about it because you get some sanity back but it ’s ridiculous that money doesn ’t work the way email does. All of a sudden with bitcoin and these cryptocurrencies it can and that ’s really the possibilities. ”  The Winklevoss twins’ comments come at a time in which Goldman Sachs claims most cryptocurrencies “ will never see recent peaks again ,” and in which European Central Bank president Mario Draghi  admits  European banks could soon hold bitcoin.  Featured image from Flickr/ TechCrunch.  
DECREASE	   Berkeley ICO: Can A City Solve Housing Shortages and Avoid Trump Through the Blockchain? Twitter  As financial woes trouble one of America’s pioneering Liberal cities, could blockchain provide an alternative cryptocurrency that could help improve the cities funding of key resources – most notably housing and key services? Berkley’s local government leaders are exploring the potential of an ICO, backed by a local government bond, to help raise necessary funds to help re-buil d low-cost housing in Berkley whilst improving inequality and social fairness.  Berkeley’s Historic Past  Ever since the “Free Speech Movement” protests, which became a central cause célèbre for liberalism in the United States, reverberated throughout the University of California, Berkley campus and the associated City, free speech has been strongly allied with this Californian Liberal hinterland.  The City’s long and illustrious history surrounding the liberal causes has attracted great support and condemnation – non-more vocal than the US President, Donal Trump. Berkley is America’s first “Sanctuary City”. The anti-migrant crackdown by the US President’s administration has put Berkley in the Commander-in-Chief’s crosshairs!  Sanctuary Cities  are city districts that allow immigrants, especially illegal immigrants, access to the cities resources so they can play an active, safe and fulfilling part within that city. The purpose of which is to end illegal immigrant abuses. The municipal policy is to limit the full scope of federal government collaboration on immigration issues in order to protect immigrant families fr om breakup or deportation.  Federal Funding Woes  President Trump’s plans to remove funding for sanctuary cities along with wider budget cuts has created a problem within Berkley – one that is centrally linked to housing. If Trump does pull funding from the University of Berkley and other Berkley organizations, the City could lose nearly half a billion dollars in  funding . Terry Hartle, Senior VP for the American  Council on Education  stated:  “There is currently no federal law that would allow the federal government to deny funding to an institution of higher education because they prohibited someone from speaking on campus,”  However, as  Bloomberg noted , Trump, singularly as President, cannot cut Berkeley’s funding as it would require Congressional oversight and legislation. However, there are structural problems within the city. The cryptocurrency ICO announcement is a fluid response to the crisis of affordable housing.  Berkeley’s Housing Crisis  Berkeley has structural policy problems that have helped to nurture the current crisis within its own housing stock.  Proposition 13 , which was passed in 1978, “locked-in” value for long-term tenants. This created a problem whereby homeowners could be ‘asset’ millionaires but unable to sell. The tax implications aside, there is generally a lack of affordable development.  Berkeley’s locale to San Francisco’s tech community – notably Google and other tech giants – has helped to increase value. California has long had an above average house price market. However, the income generated from tech in the 90s and 00s created a structural housing shortage. The inability to build low-income homes, due to  developers  focusing on servicing the wealthier section of the market has compounded the wider issue. This housing development issue is compounded by an affordability crisis. These two  competing pressures  are the problematic foundations of the recent ICO affordability solution announcement.  Is Crypto Berkeley’s Building Blocks For Success?  Councillor  Ben Bartlett , the Council’s senior strategist for this project, has stated: “It’s actually enabling us to fulfil our duty as a government. Our duty is to provide for our people. It’s a violation of that duty to allow people to sleep in the streets.”  The move would see Berkeley raise much-needed capital to invest in low-income developments and other key projects through the sale of digital tokens – cryptocurrency-based assets. The plans are still embryonic. It is not known whether the project is mined or pre-mined. There is also uncertainty around the exchange-based and wallet-based deployment of the currency in terms of di gital transactions and security.  Whilst the project is in the developmental stage, councilors in Berkeley have partnered with the City Mayor, Jesse Arreguin, along with a tech startup called  Neighborly  – with software engineering support from Berkeley’s UC Blockchain Laboratory – to develop the technology and platform. The goal is to offer an “Initial Community Offering” that would promote transactions within the local area. This blockchain-based municipal borrowing format would revolutionize local funding in the US and beyond.  The Future?  The proposed scheme requires democratic oversight by councilors and as such fundamental approval by the majority. The proposed scheme could start becoming a reality by mid-May 2018 when the council meet to discuss the project further. As Trump’s attacks become more public, as the affordability constraints become more real, as more people fall beneath the city’s support nets in  Berkeley, and as homelessness rises; this could be the right funding model for societal change.  The scheme allows for Berkley to build on blockchain to provide its citizenry with homes fit for human habitation, that are affordable and accessible, based on a bespoke Berkeley UC/City bond scheme, that could create a low-to-middle income economic boost in the area. Only time will tell if this scheme becomes a reality. However, the idea of an “Initial Community Offer” might b e a difficult concept to counter in the face of growing socio-economic inequality.  Featured image of Berkeley city hall from Wikimedia.  
DECREASE	   Barclays: Bitcoin Buying on Credit Cards Allowed; Virgin Money: Banned Twitter  Traditional ‘big four’ UK banking group Barclays has confirmed that customers will continue to be able to purchase cryptocurrencies using credit cards while Virgin Money hits the brakes.  Contrary to a  policy change  by rival banking institution Lloyds Banking, a spokesperson for British banking giant Barclays has told the  BBC  that customers will be able to use both Barclays debit cards and Barclaycard credit cards to purchase cryptocurrencies.  The spokeswoman stressed Barclays would take precautions and flag suspicious transactions but will not, currently at least, enforce any clampdown on purchasing cryptocurrencies.  The Barclays spokeswoman stated:  “We take precautions to assess affordability before extending credit, flag and prevent any suspicious transactions and also closely monitor credit risk. ”  Meanwhile, Edinburgh-based financial services company Virgin Money UK is joining Lloyds in keeping its customers from buying cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. The concern, according to a Virgin Money rep, is on customers running up debts during volatile markets.  Virgin Money operates in the UK, South Africa and Australia. While it isn’t certain that the ban applies across all three countries, a Virgin Money spokesperson confirmed a change in policy will bar its customers from crypto purchases.  A spokesperson stated:  “Following a review of our policies, I can confirm customers will no longer be able to use their Virgin Money credit card to purchase crypto-currencies. ”  Like Lloyds, Virgin Money’s ban will only apply to credit cards and not debit cards linked to its customers’ bank accounts. The ban against credit card cryptocurrency purchases applies despite, as the BBC report suggests, the legal usage of credit cards in gambling in the United Kingdom where interest charges could reach up to a staggering 30% annually – and that isn’t counting  additional fees.  Founded by Richard Branson as a subsidiary of the Virgin Group, Virgin Money’s move to block crypto purchases comes despite its founder’s own  famed support  for cryptocurrencies. A staunch proponent and advocate for bitcoin, billionaire Richard Branson is a long-time holder of the cryptocurrency. In 2013, Branson’s Virgin Galactic began  accepting  bitcoin for future space tourism.  Over the years, Branson has  continually lauded  cryptocurrencies,  stating  in 2014:  “Bitcoin is creating an entirely new form of currency. I was happy to see PayPal announce they will integrate BitPay into their website, and we are also accepting Bitcoin on Virgin Galactic. ”  Branson’s private  Necker Island  has also played host to Blockchain Summits with a number of attendees representing the biggest heavyweights of the bitcoin and blockchain industry.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Twitter Temporarily Suspends Vocal Tether Critic Bitfinex’ed Twitter  A Twitter account operated by vocal Tether critic Bitfinex’ed was temporarily suspended by the social media giant, only to be restored hours later.  On Wednesday, the  @Bitfinexed  Twitter account went offline, and its pseudonymous operator took to Reddit to inform followers of the situation.  “My Twitter account is currently suspended, Bitfinex’ed wrote in a  post  on the /r/Buttcoin subreddit, before proceeding to explain that his account had been flagged for violating Twitter’s privacy policy.  Hailed as a whistleblower by some and lambasted as a troll by others, Bitfinex’ed has been the  most vociferous critic  of blockchain startup Tether and cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex, which he claims are using Tether’s dollar-pegged USDT token to artificially inflate the Bitcoin price  — and by extension the cryptocurrency markets as a whole.  He alleges that  Tether   — which shares several executives with Bitfinex  — is issuing USDT tokens that are not actually backed by actual dollars stored in company-owned bank accounts. These Tether tokens, he claims, are then being used to purchase Bitcoin, either to spur on rallies or to mitigate losses during a downturn.  Bitfinex’ed said that approximately 20 of his tweets were flagged as “private,” even though he claims they all contained public information, including content that had been published in mainstream media outlets reporting on the Tether controversy.  He suggested that Bitfinex was likely behind the suspension, stating on Reddit that “they’ve been using bots to mass report my tweets,” although there is no hard evidence that backs up this claim.  The account’s suspension quickly began to circulate through social media, and supporters aggressively lobbied Twitter to restore access to his account. Within hours, the company had, and a company spokesperson told  Bloomberg  that the suspension had been a mistake.  The Tether controversy, meanwhile, continues to intensify as USDT’s market cap grows despite the lack of an audit proving that tokens are full-backed by USD reserves.  Last month, CCN reported that Tether’s relationship with its auditor, Friedman LLP, was “ dissolved ,” news which broke just days before reports emerged that the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) had  issued subpoenas  to both Tether and Bitfinex in early December.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Could OPEC Adopt a Cryptocurrency? Venezuela Lobbies for Oil-Backed  ‘Petro ’ Twitter  The Petro, Maduro’s Venezuelan crypto endeavor, is a pre-mined oil-backed cryptocurrency. However, this isn’t enough for Maduro who now wants an OPEC-backed global cryptocurrency. Could it work and is there support within OPEC?  The President of Venezuela, Nicolas Maduro, wants OPEC support for Venezuela’s new ‘state-backed’ cryptocurrency offering which has been called “the Petro”. This new cryptocurrency is backed by Venezuelan oil supplies and is pre-mined.  He stated:  “I am going to officially propose to all OPEC and non-OPEC producing countries that we adopt a joint cryptocurrency mechanism backed by oil.”  What ’s Being Proposed?  Maduro has started informal discussions with  OPEC , the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries. The organization is made up of 14 oil producing nations, headquartered in Vienna, Austria, and includes Saudi Arabia, Venezuela, Algeria, Nigeria and Iran as members.  The rudimentary outline of Maduro’s offer seems to support a “joint cryptocurrency mechanism” that would be supported by OPEC nations, with the windfall being distributed throughout OPEC member states. The move is seen, within Venezuelan circles, as a functional way of ending the on-going economic crisis that is ravaging the nation. As  hyperinflation  continues, the demand for hard currency to alleviate food shortages and social problems grows. As  reported  previously, Maduro ’s representatives have already pitched the  ‘petro ’ to officials in Qatar, luring the oil-reach Middle Eastern state with discounts to buy into the cryptocurrency.  The “Petro” initial coin offering  is a purposeful way for the Venezuelan government to access international cash markets outside of the normal financial systems – currently embargoed courtesy of United States sanctions.  The  US Treasury  has responded to the circumvention:  “The petro digital currency would appear to be an extension of credit to the Venezuelan government  … [and] could, therefore, expose US persons to legal risk.”  As a pre-mined  cryptocurrency , the “Petro” will have 100 million units released on February 20 th . This will be divided between a whole raft of different stakeholders – with 38.4 million being released with serious early investor discounting to help nurture uptake.  Why Is Venezuela Supporting The  “Petro ”?  The Government hopes diverse exchanges support the “Petro” and the policy is to allow multi-currency exchanges which mean investors won’t be forced to exchange dollars into Bolivars to buy the “Petro” cryptocurrency.  Whether or not OPEC decides to support the scheme is another issue altogether. OPEC, whilst prudently enjoying the proceeds that comes from a global oil price cartel aren’t that united in regard to global economic policy – especially cryptocurrency policymaking.  Nigeria, an OPEC member, stated that Bitcoin was a “gamble”. However, Iraq has started exploring cryptocurrencies because of rampant inflationary pressures on their own domestic fiat-backed currency. There isn’t unanimity in regard to cryptocurrency usage within OPEC member states.  Therefore, Maduro’s posturing might just be that – posturing. OPEC’s diverse membership, who have divergent views on cryptocurrencies within the domain of their own national policymaking, might not support a functional OPEC-backed cryptocurrency on the same grounds.  OPEC headquarters image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse Talks XRP and is  ‘Long ’ Bitcoin Twitter  There are few people who can generate the amount of excitement among the cryptocurrency community as Ripple chief Brad Garlinghouse. In front of a packed house at the Yahoo Finance All Markets Summit for Crypto in New York on Wednesday, Garlinghouse spoke with his former employer about his payments startup Ripple and XRP, the digital coin in which Ripple holds a 61% stake and w hich advanced a whopping 32,000% in 2017. He also revealed he is long BTC.   Garlinghouse used the forum to announce that payments startup Ripple just signed LianLian, Chain ’s No. 4 payments provider, to its blockchain-fueled xCurrent platform for cross-border real-time e-commerce payments.  He expounded on cross-border payments, humorously pointing out that before Ripple ’s xCurrent, to get £10,000 from New York to London on the same day, the fastest way would be heading to nearby Newark Airport and flying the money there.  “xCurrent enables real-time messaging and settlement between banks, ” he said.  Garlinghouse pointed to what he characterized as a  “misunderstanding about digital assets ” that pervasive today, giving an example from the dot-com era that can be applied to today ’s cryptocurrency environment. He recalled how in his earlier days when he worked in telecom, he visited with then-SBC Communications executive Randall Stephenson, who today is at the helm at AT &T.  Back at the turn of the century, Stephenson told Garlinghouse that SBC would never use IP for voice traffic.  “The point was, he said they had a robust analog switch network that worked for voice brilliantly ” and that they invest in data. Garlinhgouse pointed out that today, there is no voice network at AT &T  — it ’s all VoIP.  “I think the same thing will happen in banking. People who are invested in us love xCurrent but they ’re not sure about xRapid (Ripple ’s product for liquidity.) I can hear the echo chamber of Randall Stephenson, ” he said, adding he views xRapid as a crawl-walk-run product, pointing to the four current users that include payment providers MoneyGram and Mercury.  “I think it ’s just the beginning, ” he said.  Overall he believes that the Congressional hearing that unfolded earlier this week on regulation and events such as Yahoo ’s are signs of maturation within the cryptocurrency market.  “For me, it feels like 1997 and the birth of the internet when I was a young whippersnapper in Silicon Valley, ” said Garlinghouse, adding:  “Regulators are behaving as they should to make sure we have regulation around KYL and AML. There are reasons for that. If exchanges are trying to circumvent KYC requirements, [regulators] should come in and enforce that. ”  Garlinghouse on BTC  Meanwhile, though Garlinghouse is long bitcoin personally, saying he is not of the came that  “BTC dies some terrible death. ” He doesn ’t, however, see it solving the world ’s payments problems, saying:  “XRP is 1,000 times faster and cheaper than a bitcoin transaction. Are you going to use a fraction of BTC to buy a cup of coffee? It will take hours to complete the transaction. Your coffee ’s gonna get cold, ” he joked.  Garlinghouse on JPMorgan  Ripple is a payments company that focuses on cross-border transactions, a market that ’s largely powered by SWIFT for global banks. But as Garlinghouse points out, only a small number of banks dominate SWIFT and extract billions of dollars of profits from the rest of the banks in the interim.  “Ask why Jamie Dimon is saying things [he said about bitcoin], ” said Garlinghouse, pointing to Citi, HSBC and Chase at the top of SWFT.  “They are making a lot of money from other banks. We talk to banks, and 99.9% of them want Ripple to be successful because they ’re sick of paying these guys, ” he said.  Early Innings  In conclusion, Garlinghouse gave his view of the industry, which he says remains in the  “adolescent stage. ” It ’s incredibly important for him and for the success of Ripple for the industry to mature, including media coverage. Meanwhile, he doesn ’t view other blockchain startups as competitors.  “A lot of them go after different use cases, like  the early days of the internet. Yahoo is not competing with Amazon. The internet needed to grow up. I want all businesses to rise. An important element of a mature industry is a maturation of all aspects of coverage, ” he said.  Featured image from Flickr/ Christopher Michel .  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Arbitrage Algorithms Rake in Big Profits Amidst Volatility Twitter  Bitcoin’s price may be down for the time being, but bitcoin arbitragers aren’t complaining; they are raking it in using  arbitrage  – buying it at a low price and selling it to exchanges where the price is higher.  Arbitrage opportunities are hard to find in regulated securities markets, but bitcoin trades on more than 100 exchanges. Hundreds of other  cryptocurrencies  trade on exchanges as well.  Arbitrager Rakes It In  Virgil Capital, a cryptocurrency arbitrage fund founded in 2016 by 21-year-old Stefan Qin, returned 500% last year after fees and is now managing $23.5 million,  The Wall Street Journal  reports.  Qin, An Australian living in California who put his studies on hold at Minerva Schools, uses an algorithm called Tenjin that monitors prices on about 40 exchanges The algorithm allows him to identify arbitrage opportunities.  While bitcoin fell 28%% in early January, Virgil Capital was up by 12% after fees, Qin said. Qin thinks he will continue to be profitable even if bitcoin continues to lose value. He said the market is “incredibly irrational” at the present time, and is poised for a correction.  Qin, a former math whiz, plans to finish his college degree at some point, but has no immediate plans to do so.  Also read:  Bitcoin price arbitrage explored  Arbitrage Algorithm Project  Tenjin is not the only cryptocurrency arbitrage algorithm.  RIALTO.AI, a project consisting of data scientists, signal processing experts and trading economists, has  designed proprietary algorithms for market making and arbitrage . RIALTO.AI’s arbitrage algorithm is designed to run 24/7, making small profits every time a divergence in cryptocurrency prices is detected, regardless of a cryptocurrency’s price going up or down. Its algorithm executes chain trades among several cryptocurrencies, effectively maximizing its fund’s value.  On May 12, 2017, bitcoin’s price in the South Korean exchange market was $2,076, approximately 12.7% higher than that of the global average price. Bitcoin was traded on South Korean exchanges and trading platforms at a price that was $269 higher than the global average price of $1,807.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Forbes Unveils its First Ever Cryptocurrency Rich List Twitter  Crypto wealth has this week drawn the attention of the biggest financial reporter.  World-renowned for their yearly billionaire-list, Forbes has released a report detailing the richest people in the crypto space. It ’s a move that goes one step further to legitimizing cryptocurrencies on the mainstream economic stage.  The list features both innovators and institutional investors, and perhaps not surprisingly the average age of the list is 42, a whole 27 years younger than Forbes 400 list of wealthiest Americans at 67.  Here ’s the top ten according to  Forbes .  1. Chris Larsen        $7.5-8b   It ’s no surprise to anyone who saw Ripple ’s parabolic rise last year that the coins key players made this list. According to Forbes however Larsen weighs in at a staggering $7.5-8b, due to his personal holdings of 5.2 billion XRP. As former CEO and now executive chairman he has profited highly from the project that brought blockchain tech to the banking system.  2. Joseph Lubin     $1-5b   Cofounder of Ethereum and founder of Consensys, the success of both platforms has launched the Toronto native from his Goldman Sachs roots to even greater wealth.  3. Changpeng Zhao $1.1-2b   The CEO of the world ’s largest crypto exchange, Binance, comes in at number 3. With over 6 million users the platform has netted Zhao an estimated $1.1-2 billion.  4. Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss $900m-$1.1b   The twin brothers achieved their lofty heights by investing millions in Bitcoin in 2012. The protocol ’s huge surge in price puts the pair somewhere in the $1b dollar range, and they now operate the New York crypto exchange Gemini.  5. Matthew Mellon $900m-£1b   The heir to a banking fortune, Mellon ’s bet on Ripple paid off big, catapulting his crypto wealth to close to a billion dollars. He chose Ripple because  “Crypto is scary and dark. it ’s anti-America ….I am pro-America, pro-business and pro-bank. That ’s why I went with Ripple ”, Forbes reports, earmarking Mellon as one of the players here for solely for financial and not ideological reasons.  6. Brian Armstrong £900m-$1b    The CEO of Coinbase has done exceptionally well creating the user-friendly portal between the fiat and crypto realms. Last year the service allegedly reached its target of $600m annual revenue.  7. Matthew Roszak       $900m-$1b   Roszak too made big bucks off his early Bitcoin and ICO investments, getting involved in 2011. He then moved to Tally Capital, a blockchain start-up fund that has launched over twenty projects, including exchanges Coinbase and Kraken.  8. Anthony Di Iorio $750m-$1b   Di Iorio was an early investor in the hugely successful Ethereum network, and has since diversified his crypto profits, aiming to get in early on newer coins, including VeChain and Qtum.  9. Brock Pierce $700m-$1b   Pierce was an early investor in a range of cryptocurrencies, including Mastercoin and Ethereum. He has made public plans to donate $1b to a DAO (decentralised autonomous organisation).  10. Michael Novogratz $700m-$1b   Novogratz was a hedge fund manager who suffered huge losses in the 2008 financial crisis. His investments and trading in the crypto space led to a huge rebound in wealth, and he is now working on Galaxy Digital, a crypto bank operating in Canada.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Most Cryptocurrencies ‘Will Never See Recent Peaks Again’: Goldman Sachs Twitter  Will the cryptocurrency markets recover from their present correction and ascend to new highs over the long-term? Goldman Sachs doesn’t think so.  Writing in a report dated Feb. 5,  Goldman Sachs  head of investment research Steve Strongin said that  — contrary to the market’s historic movements  — individual cryptoasset price swings should be less correlated to one another moving forward.  This, he said, spells doom for cryptocurrencies that do not emerge as clear winners in what should become a “few-winners-take-most” market:  “The high correlation between the different cryptocurrencies worries me,” Strongin said, according to a  Bloomberg  report. “Because of the lack of intrinsic value, the currencies that don’t survive will most likely trade to zero.”  Strongin stressed that it’s possible that one or a few of the currently-existent cryptocurrencies could emerge from the so-called “speculative bubbles” as the crypto-equivalents of Amazon and Google, but he said that it’s unlikely that most coins will ever recover to their recent all-time highs.  “Are any of today’s cryptocurrencies going to be an Amazon or a Google, or will they end up like many of the now-defunct search engines? Just because we are in a speculative bubble does not mean current prices can’t increase for a handful of survivors,” Strongin said. “At the same time, it probably does mean that most, if not all, will never see their recent peaks again.”  This, of course, supposes that the  “speculative bubble ” is nearing its endpoint and that investors will begin to judge cryptocurrencies on their individual merits, rather than as a collective asset class, as many casual retail investors are wont to do. It would also seem to assume that the  initial coin offering  (ICO) boom will flame out rather than continue to expand.  In any case, the “winners-take-most” view of the market is not unique to Goldman Sachs.  Digital Currency Group  (DCG) founder Barry Silbert made a similar comment on Wednesday at Yahoo Finance’s All Markets Summit: Crypto, although with an understandably more optimistic outlook on the industry as a whole.  Silbert said that the vast majority of cryptoassets face a binary outcome  — they will either become incredibly valuable or they will become worthless. This, he said, is why DCG portfolio company Grayscale Investments launched its latest product, a cryptoasset investment fund that holds market cap-weighted positions in the five largest crptocurrencies and rebalances quarterly to reflect market movements.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   New Regulation Forces South Korean Cryptocurrency Exchange to Suspend Trading Twitter  As new de-anonymity rules come into force in South Korea, banking organizations have been forced to implement new burdensome compliance checks on businesses undertaking exchange-based activities. This has forced banks to become even more critical when evaluating digital transaction accounts, a prerequisite for South Korean cryptocurrency exchange ventures to operate in the coun try.  What Do We Know?  Coinpia, one of South Korea’s fledgling cryptocurrency exchanges has announced that it is suspending trading activity due to banking-related problems. In a statement on the exchange’s website, the company publicised its  position :  “Suspension of transactions due to suspension of KRW deposits… KRW deposit interrupted in sustained accordance trading halt guide(lines) ( sic )”.  The announcement articulates the changing legislative environment with new anonymity guidelines impacting banking operations between banks and cryptocurrency exchanges. Compliance is mandatory, Coinpia was unable to open a bank account accepting South Korean Won deposits due to its involvement in crypto trading.  The reluctance from banks, excluding the big four Korean exchanges, illustrates the disparity between lawmakers who stated the new regulation wouldn’t result in a ‘ban’ whilst banks have become unnerved at the increased compliance demands of accepting new cryptocurrency business.  The  Financial Supervisory Service  had recently  inspected  the top six South Korean banks due to their involvement in virtual currency bank transfers. The  Korean Customs Service  similarly reported $600 million had been found lurking in Korean exchanges with illicit links to organized crime.  How Will This Impact Investors?  The January 30 th  deadline for real-name account system compliance has passed. Cryptocurrency exchanges in South Korea must comply with this regulation. The South Korean’ Blockchain Association, speaking with  Business Korea , stated; “We are seeking out ways to solve problems by launching a self-regulation commission and imposing duty to prevent money laundering.”  The failure of Coinpia, and other smaller exchanges, to find suitable banking support will impact South Korean investors. This could lead to a South Korean monopoly which could hurt exchange-based competition and innovation.  The fallout for customers will result in a greater dominance by the larger cryptocurrency players in the South Korea exchange ecosystem. The banks and trade associations inability to create alternative banking measures that comply with the regulations, whilst at the same time providing some assurances for the banks, have failed to materialise.  Coinpia has stated that all withdrawal-based refunds will be processed in compliance with South Korean consumer regulation rights. The company has announced that it is exploring alternative processes to help the exchange promote cryptocurrency services in the future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Exchange Coinbase Defends Itself on Credit Card Charges, Admits Missteps Twitter  Cryptocurrency investors are seeing added fees on their credit card statements, but Coinbase is just the messenger. Leading US cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase in a blog provided an update to investors about the fees,  which are being levied immediately  following a purchase of a digital coin.  Coinbase said the charges  — which have a separate line item and are being listed as  “cash advance/cash equivalence on bank statements  — weren ’t coming from the exchange but instead third parties amid a change in the Merchant Category Code (MCC) code by banks and card issuers. (MCC is a system of categorization for merchants so tax agencies can follow the trail.)  The charges add insult to injury from the banking community, which in the US has taken to  banning credit card purchases  of digital currencies altogether. While not collecting these added fees, Coinbase did commit a faux pas, pointing to poor communication to its users.   Coinbase defended itself, saying of the fees,  “unfortunately we don’t have a way of knowing when they might be charged or how much they might be. ” They give a word of advice, which is for buyers to contact their banks and request the fees be waived. If that doesn ’t work, change cards to a bank with lower fees.  Meanwhile, Coinbase followers on Twitter lamented the exchange ’s response  –   One-Two Punch  In a one-two punch, Coinbase in addition to the added fees also addressed the ban that US banks  — including Chase, Bank of America, Citi and Capital One  — banned credit card transactions for digital coins. To troubleshoot the ban and the fees as well as experience higher weekly limits, Coinbase informs investors:  “All debit card transactions remain unaffected. ”  Limits vary depending on the linked accounts by which investors perform transactions, and there ’s a separate  “overall limit for your Coinbase account regardless of which payment method is used, ”  as per Coinbase .  In addition to a subtle warning on its site, Coinbase is urging users via an email sent to switch to debit card payments. You can view a copy of that email in  CCN ’s previous coverage here .  Investors can buy bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethreum or Litecoin, which are the four digital coins that Coinbase currently accepts, via debit card or bank account. The latter takes about seven days before the coin arrives in your BTC, BCH, ETH or LTC wallet, which is OK for a long-term investment horizon but less so for trading.  Coinbase also touted  “record signups  … in December, ” which while a positive development also placed a burden on its verification systems, triggering delays in the process. The exchange has since bolstered its verification systems and integrated more ID verification providers.  Coinbase will continue to make public announcements about the latest developments on the Coinbase blog and social media accounts.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Cash Price Leads the Index as Market Recovers to $400 Billion Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets continued to advance on Thursday, but today ’s returns were far more muted than the euphoric leap that greeted investors on Wednesday. The rally was largely concentrated among large-cap coins, and the Bitcoin Cash price posted far-and-away the top gains of any top-tier cryptocurrency. Altogether, the cryptocurrency market cap added approximately $11 billion, enabling it to once again climb past the $400 billion barrier.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Extends Its Recovery  The  Bitcoin price  rose for a second consecutive day, eventually reaching a present value of $8,481 on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex. This works out to a single-day increase of about four percent and provides Bitcoin with a market cap of $142.7 billion.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Ethereum Price Targets $850  The  Ethereum price  charted a similar course to Bitcoin, ending the day in positive territory despite a fairly-pronounced early morning dip. Ethereum is now trading at $833, which represents a 24-hour increase of about two percent and give the second-largest cryptocurrency an $81.5 billion market cap.  Ethereum Price Chart  Bitcoin Cash Price Headlines the Market  Despite minor gains toward the top of the charts, the remainder of the altcoin markets were quite choppy. Aside from Ethereum, only one top 10-altcoin posted an increase for the day  — Bitcoin Cash.   Indeed, while most top-tier altcoins posted minor declines, the Bitcoin Cash price surged by 20 percent, outperforming every other top 35-cryptocurrency. Bitcoin Cash now has a market cap of $20.3 billion, placing it about $9 billion behind third-ranked Ripple, whose price declined three percent for the day.  Bitcoin Cash Price Chart  It ’s not immediately clear what ’s behind today ’s dramatic Bitcoin Cash price rally. Decentralized marketplace OpenBazaar recently added support for BCH, but this was not a surprise and should not have had such a great impact on the coin ’s price.  That said, Bitcoin Cash did post the worst performance among top-10 cryptocurrencies on Wednesday, making it plausible that the coin is just now catching the recovery ’s tailwinds.  Fifth-ranked Cardano, meanwhile, sunk back in the red with a three percent decrease to $0.36. EOS performed slightly better but still declined by two percent.  Litecoin endured a three percent pullback that forced its price back below $150, while NEO declined by two percent to $114.  Stellar and NEM rounded out the top 10 with declines of four percent and two percent, respectively, bringing the two tokens to present values of $0.36 and $0.57.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   JPMorgan, Bank of America Say No to Crypto Transactions on Credit Cards Twitter  The top two US banks took what little wind was left in investors ’ sails today. JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have both placed a ban on cryptocurrency transactions via credit cards,  according to Bloomberg reports . The bitcoin price is holding at about a 5.75% decline, trading at $8,589 in what is shaping up to be a rocky 2018 for cryptocurrency trading so far.   JPMorgan, whose CEO Jamie Dimon famously denounced bitcoin a few months back, doesn ’t want to inherit the credit risk given the volatility in the bitcoin price. By speculating on the price of a highly volatile investment like bitcoin, investors are exposing the bank to a higher risk of default, a scenario that may not have been present when the credit was extended in the first place. Meanwhile, banks and regulators are working in tandem to detect signs of fraud, and taking credit cards out of the equation simplifies things somewhat.  JPMorgan ’s ban goes into effect on Saturday, Feb. 3, while Bank of America ’s ban became effective immediately, with the bank declining credit card transactions with crypto exchanges, as per internal memos obtained by Bloomberg. While personal and business B-of-A credit cards are included in the ban, the bank will continue to honor all debit card transactions with cards issued by the bank.  The move no doubt has investors scrambling, some of whom have automatic buy orders in place at exchanges. And it places an immediate hurdle in bitcoin ’s move toward the mainstream, as potential investors who may have been weighing the field now have another hoop to jump through to gain exposure to cryptocurrencies.  But by the same token, if what ’s going to move bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies forward is investors  “ not investing more than they can afford , ” than the bank ban becomes less of a hurdle and more of an inconvenience.  Meanwhile, Chase and B-of-A aren ’t the first banks to move on bitcoin. Discover and Capital One already ruled out cryptocurrency charges, while Citi appears to be on the fence.  But for Discover ’s chief executive David Nelms,  there may be some wiggle room. Discover has banned cryptocurrency transactions because the only use cases Nelms is witnessing today are for ransomware and money laundering. But he stopped short of writing bitcoin off,  telling Bloomberg  that what could inspire a shift is customer demand.  So perhaps in this early stage of loose regulation governing the cryptocurrency space, it ’s prudent for banks to take a step back so the industry can move forward.  In the words of Wences Casares, chief executive of Xapo  –   Featured image from Shutterstock.        
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Mining: AMD to Boost Production of Graphics Cards Twitter  AMD has announced plans to boost its production of graphics cards amid a global shortage with demand for them driven by their use in mining cryptocurrencies.  AMD released earnings for Q4 2017 on Tuesday, announcing  revenues of $1.48 billion , a 34 percent year-on-year increase. Of that total revenue, the company’s Computing and Graphics division contributed $958 million, up 60 percent from the same quarter in 2016.  Demand for GPU processing power has surged due to a spike in interest from the blockchain and cryptocurrency community. In an investor call, AMD CEO and president Dr Lisa Su  told investors  that the cryptocurrency mining market was “a good part of our business.”  Graphics card shortages have become an increasing dilemma facing both AMD and its main rival Nvidia. Over the past year, prices of Nvidia’s graphics cards have  surged , with  GeForce GTX 1050 Ti cards increasing by 27 percent, GeForce GTX 1060 3GB cards by 86 percent, GeForce GTX 1060 6GB cards by 89 percent, and GeForce GTX 1080 Ti cards by 59 percent.  According to a  TechRadar  review, Nvidia’s  GeForce GTX 1070 was the best-suited graphics card for cryptocurrency mining. It boasts a  high hashing rate and low power consumption, the perfect combination of features for cryptocurrency miners looking to mine Bitcoin, Ethereum and other coins.  Bitcoin mining, in particular, is becoming increasingly difficult by design as its circulation climbs and approaches its supply limit. Of the total 21 million Bitcoins that will ever be mined, there are currently almost 17 million in circulation, according to  Blockchain.info .   As mining complexity increases, processing power needs will rise accordingly. In 2017, Bitcoin miners used as much as 36 terawatt hours of energy, according to  ccn.com . Recent analysis suggests that the  Bitcoin network consumes  more electricity  than 159 individual countries. It sits  just behind Singapore  in terms of electricity consumption.  GPU supply woes have hit gamers hard. AMD’s XFX Radeon RX Vega 56 graphics card, released in August last year,  sold out within 5 minutes . Only months before,  AMD’s Radeon RX 580 and RX 570 models were listed as  sold out  at most major retailers including Amazon, Newegg and Best Buy.  As AMD and Nvidia continue to see GPUs run out of stock and customers often buying them in bulk, both companie s are working hard to ensure their loyal gaming fans are not priced out of the market. Nvidia has even  resorted  to asking retailers to limit single purchases to two cards.  Supply shortages have spiked in the past. In 2013, Bitcoin and Litecoin GPU-based mining drove demand for the cards. Last year, it was Ethereum and Bitcoin mining that attracted the attention of miners. With China’s recent decision to force cryptocurrency mining out of the country, the shortage of mining power is only going to become more acute.  AMD’s recent announcement that it plans to ramp up production will come as some relief to both the gaming and mining communities. While the supply of silicon is not causing production constraints, the company faces shortages of both GDDR5 and HBM2 memory.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Prescient Investor Predicts Stability and Bitcoin Price Back at $20,000 Twitter  No need to hit the panic button. Ran Neu-Ner, a South African investor who was savvy enough to invest in his first bitcoin half a decade ago, said the recent volatility in the bitcoin price is nothing new and in fact, bitcoin is headed to $20,000 in 2018. He made the  remarks to CNBC , where he also suggested that things could get worse before they get better, pointing to a floor for the bitcoin price of about $8,000 but probably not below $7,500, pointing to  “retail money ” that ’s poured in.  “We ’ve seen bitcoin go up, and we ’ve seen bitcoin go down. We ’ve seen it go down 50% at a time. But it ’s quite a resilient currency/commodity/asset that just keeps going up afterward, ” said Neu-Ner.  He reminded the host about his previous visit a couple of months ago when bitcoin was trading below $8,000 only to spike to nearly $20,000 shortly thereafter.  Despite his bullish call on bitcoin, Neu-Ner ’s money is on Ethereum, which he says is run by  “the smartest people in the world, ” in reference to the developers who he recently got to know at a conference held in Cancun.  He touts Ethereum for its multiple use cases, ranging from hedging to betting, to voting, for instance, all on the Ethereum network. Meanwhile, bitcoin ’s use cases are twofold  — as a currency or a store of value, the latter of which is how Neu-Ner views the cryptocurrency, referencing it as  “digital gold. ”  Meanwhile, he points out it ’s only been about a year that cryptocurrencies have become accessible to the retail investor, and they ’ve not even attained wide-scale adoption yet.  “2018 is the year where the mechanisms to allow retail consumers to get into cryptocurrencies start to open themselves up, ” he said, adding that it will stabilize the price.  Neu-Ner vs. Roubini: Biggest Bubble Ever?  American economist and chairman of Roubini Macro Associates, Nouriel Roubini, on the other hand, believes bitcoin is the  “biggest bubble in human history, ” one that he told Bloomberg  “is finally crashing. ” If he ’s right, the bitcoin bubble must be greater even than US housing bubble that he forecasted in 2006, two years prior to the sub-prime mortgage crisis. That prediction won him accolades and the nickname Dr.  Doom, which he apparently is still making use of today. An avid user of Twitter, Roubini often tweets about bitcoin, mostly documenting as he says,  ‘the mother of all crypto bubbles go bust. ”   Roubini Says Bitcoin Is the ‘Biggest Bubble in Human History’ https://t.co/J6uFp9raYr  — Nouriel Roubini (@Nouriel)  February 2, 2018   If bitcoin is the biggest bubble in human history, it must surpass even the stock market crash of 1929, when investors lost $25 billion, equivalent to hundreds of billions in today ’s dollars compared to bitcoin ’s present market cap of $150 billion. The  Crisis Economics  author also likes bitcoin to the internet bubble, tulip mania of the 1600 ’s and London ’s South Sea bubble in the 1700 ’s  — all of which Roubini says bitcoin surpasses for a bursting bubble.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Embattled Tezos Community Launches T2 Foundation  Twitter  Utah native Ryan Jasperson and fellow members of the Tezos community  have officially launched  the T2 Foundation. The mandate of the new foundation is to  support the launch  of the Tezos network “…if the Tezos Foundation is not able to do so in an adequate and timely manner”.  Ending The Infighting  Tezos Foundation head Johann Gevers has been accused of slowing down the development of the project. Fortunately, Gevers published a blog post via Medium saying  he intends to step away  from Tezos.  Gevers has since taken down the post. However, a subsequent statement confirmed that he’ll stick to the plan. It seems even whenever Gevers strives to provide the community with clarity, he fails.  Gevers has struggled to make friends in the Tezos community since October. A  report from Reuters  outlines several disagreements between Gevers and Arthur and Kathleen Breitman. The husband and wife tandem are the leaders of Tezos ’ Development team and the corporation behind the project,  Dynamic Ledger Solutions.  Despite the fallout, Arthur Breitman maintains that the beta version of the  Tezos blockchain could  launch within the next five weeks if impending legal issues can be resolved sooner rather than later. He also confirms development of the project is progressing considerably. This despite the fact developers are waiting to receive adequate compensation from the Gevers-led foundation.  T2 Foundation Comes In Peace  The T2 foundation will feature seven board members, including Jasperson, who spent an estimated $50,000 of his own money to launch the T2 Foundation and the Swiss association, The Association for the Tezos Protocol and Ecosystem.  Also joining the board is Olaf Carlson-Wee, head of  cryptocurrency hedge fund  Polychain Capital. Wee is a significant stakeholder in the project dating back to September 2016. He  first penned a letter  back in December stating his interest in joining the original Tezos Foundation.  Less than two months later, it appears Carlson-Wee, Jasperson and the rest of the Tezos community are ready to take control of Tezos.   Furthering Development  As the tenuous situation involving Tezos’ two different foundations appears to be slowly resolving itself, development of the protocol continues to forge ahead. The inner workings of its development are  on public display,  and its obvious significant progress is being made.  That’s great news for the project as it aims to revolutionize blockchain technology through its on-chain governance model.  It ’s just too bad computer code can ’t get rid of can ’t get rid of off-chain governance issues.  
DECREASE	   Tor Proxy Service Caught Diverting Ransomware Extortionists’ Bitcoin Payments Twitter  Extorting bitcoin using ransomware is a profitable business. One Google report pegged a group of extortionists  making $25 million  in two years. Now, at least one Tor proxy service is trying to get its cut, as it was caught diverting victims’ payments to its own wallets.  Ransomware extortionists ask their victims to pay in bitcoin, and to use the deep web so they can escape authorities. When a ransomware victim doesn’t want to or isn’t able to install the Tor browser, used to access the deep web’s .onion domains, operators ask them to use a Tor proxy, such as onion.top or onion.to.  Tor proxy services allow users to access .onion websitse using a regular browser such as Google Chrome, Edge, or Firefox, simply by adding the .top or .to extension to the end of any Tor URL. These services have been getting increasingly popular among ransomware authors. So much so, a few strains even added alternative URLs to help victims pay using these services.  According to  cybersecurity firm Proofpoint , at least one of these services, onion.top, was caught replacing the ransomware’s bitcoin payment address with its own. Per the researchers, the service was secretly doing this, and has seemingly netted over $22,000 from the move.  Researchers discovered onion.top was doing this after noticing a ransomware strain dubbed LockeR warned users not to use the service as it was stealing its  bitcoin . The warning reads:  “Do NOT use onion.top, they are replacing the bitcoin address with their own and stealing bitcoins. To be sure you ’re paying to the correct address, use Tor Browser. ”  Onion.top is altering bitcoin wallet addresses of at least three different ransomware strains: LockeR, Sigma, and GlobeImposter. The wallets are seemingly manually configured, on a per-site basis. The low amount earned suggests that the move either wasn’t that successful, or that wallets aren’t always replaced.  Ransomware Authors are Countering the Move  According to reports, the authors behind affected  ransomware  strains are countering onion.top’s move in a variety of ways. Most are simply trying to get users to skip Tor proxy services altogether, and just pay using the Tor browser. Others, such as MagniBer, decided to split the bitcoin payment address shown to the victim across different HTML tags, to avoid automatic replacement.  Victims who decide to pay the ransom and end up sending their funds to the Tor proxy service aren’t paying the ransomware extortionists, and won’t likely see their files decrypted as, in the extortionist’s eyes, the ransom was never paid.  Proofpoint’s researchers stated:  “While this is not necessarily a bad thing, it does raise an interesting business problem for ransomware threat actors and practical issues for ransomware victims.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   No, India Isn’t Banning Bitcoin as Mainstream Media Gets it Wrong [Again] Twitter  Contrary to the  – now global  – news coverage of Indian authorities enforcing an imminent ‘ban’ on bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, India is, quite simply, not banning cryptocurrencies nor their trading on exchanges.  As CCN  reported  yesterday, India’s finance minister Arun Jaitley was delivering the country’s budget for 2018-19 when he touched on the subject of cryptocurrencies and their usage in the country.  To quote, Jaitley stated:  “The Government does not consider cryptocurrencies as legal tender or coin and will take all measures to eliminate the use of these cryptoassets in financing illegitimate activities or as part of the payments system. ”  The takeaways from the statement are:  Indian authorities do not recognize bitcoin as legal tender. Indian authorities will crackdown on cryptocurrency usage in illegitimate activities and; Indian authorities will dissuade the public from using cryptocurrencies as payment instruments.  Jaitley did not make any pointed remark on a ban of cryptocurrencies, nor signal a clampdown on cryptocurrency exchanges. A side note  – India’s tax authorities are, in fact, using the help of cryptocurrency exchanges to  chase tax evaders .  However, the immediate aftermath of Jaitley’s remark sparked a torrent of erroneous reporting from India’s national press and mainstream media outlets about the Indian government outlawing and banning cryptocurrencies.  “Arun Jaitley has just killed India’s cryptocurrency party,” screamed a headline from  Quartz India , one of the earliest mainstream publications to report on the finance minister’s statement. ‘It appears to be the end of the road for cryptocurrencies in India’, read the introduction to the article with the rest following in a similar tone.  A prominent news anchor for a major TV news channel watched by tens of millions of viewers  wrote : “Bitcoin to be banned. Crypto currency illegal in India says Arun Jaitley” on her Twitter account of over a million followers.  “India vows to eliminate use of cryptocurrencies,” read a dramatic headline from  Reuters India , pointing to a “no-holds-barred attack on virtual currencies such as bitcoin” by Indian authorities.  Global mainstream reports ran with the same narrative. “Bitcoin Price Slides Again As India Announces Ban Plan” read a headline from  Fortune . That has since been amended to “India Just Caused the Price of Bitcoin to Slide Again.”  No Ban. Repeat: No Ban!  As CCN stressed yesterday, none of the above rings true. To be precise, Jaitley spoke of a crackdown on the abuse of cryptocurrencies in illegal activities as well as their use as a method of payment.  Indeed, in an  interview  with Indian state-owned broadcaster Doordarshan following his national budget delivery, Jaitley was explicitly asked if the government was moving to ban cryptocurrencies.  A direct translation of the exchange reads:  TV Host: We’ve seen a lot of excitement over bitcoins. Why aren’t you banning it instead of stating it isn’t legal tender?  Jaitley: We are discouraging people from using it now. There is a government committee that’s looking into it right now and they will announce their decisions and next steps after they are done.  Still, no ban. The reference to the government committee is the long-established “ Virtual Currency Committee ’, an inter-disciplinary committee comprising of representatives from a number of ministries as well as those from the central bank and India’s biggest bank (also state-owned) tasked toward proposing a regulatory framework for cryptocurrencies in India. The committee was established by India’s Ministry of Finance in April 2017. To date, no findings have been made public yet.  What ’s the Fuss About?  For India’s bitcoin industry, it’s business as usual.  Sathvik Vishwanath, chief executive Unocoin, one of India’s largest -and  best-funded  – bitcoin exchanges told  CCN :  “We did not see any change in the stance of the government. We are pleased the authorities are taking action against illicit usage of cryptocurrencies but, otherwise, there is no reason for any panic. It’s business as usual at Unocoin. ”  Zebpay, another leading Indian cryptocurrency exchange, added:   #Budget2018 Wrong interpretation: Bitcoin is illegal. Correct interpretation: Bitcoin cannot be used as legal tender. Bitcoin cannot be used for illegitimate activities.  — zebpay (@zebpay)  February 1, 2018   To the contrary, India ’s bitcoin industry is buoyed by the finance minister ’s remarks on cryptocurrencies during a national address in delivering the nations ’ budget.  “When a platform as significant as the Union Budget speech mentions cryptocurrencies, it is clear that the sector is coming of age, ” read a statement from the Blockchain and Cryptocurrency Committee of India.   “We welcome this positive development, and see it as an important milestone in the journey to policy-clarity and consumer-education. ”  Meanwhile, India ’s mainstream media has previously jumped the gun with false reporting on cryptocurrencies and their legality in the country. In March 2017, a number of major Indian media sources  incorrectly reported  bitcoin has been classified “illegal” by the Indian government.  In summary, do not be misled.  India isn’t banning cryptocurrencies, nor their trading in the country.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   35% Leap: DigixDAO Price Makes Lonely Advance as Market Retraces Twitter  The DigixDAO price rose 42 percent on Friday, making it the lone cryptocurrency in the top 100 to resist the deepening market correction and achieve an advance against the value of the dollar.  DigixDAO Price Makes Lonely Advance as Market Retraces  First launched in 2016,  DigixDAO  was one of the first decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs), and it provides the backbone for the gold-backed Digix (DGX) ecosystem.  Simply put, while each DGX token is backed by one gram of gold stored in reserve, DGD tokens float according to market demand, which is based primarily on the fact that DGD holders accrue dividends derived from DGX transaction fees.  The DigixDAO price began the year near $180, and it gradually ticked up through the month of January. On Jan. 31, though, DGD began to hasten its climb, and on Feb. 2 it briefly spiked to an all-time high of $491 before sinking back down to a present value of $361. Despite this moderate pullback, the DigixDAO price is still up 42 percent for the day, which is all the more remar kable considering that every other top 100-cryptocurrency is in decline. DGD now has a $723 million market cap.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The vast majority of DGD volume is centralized on Binance, where the token ’s BTC and ETH pairs account for approximately 88 percent of its global trading volume. Huobi ’s BTC and ETH pairs add another nine percent, and OKEx is the only other exchange that has processed more than $1 million worth of DGD volume in the past day.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Digix Partners with MakerDAO to Produce  ‘Stablecoin ’  The DigixDAO price rally appears linked to the Jan. 31  announcement  that Digix had formed a partnership with  MakerDAO  to help produce the latter ’s so-called  “stablecoin ”  — a cryptocurrency whose price is stabilized to the value of the US dollar. According to Digix, MakerDAO will use DGX tokens as collateral in its portfolio and, in its words,  “be a driver of billions of dollars of DGX demand. ”  Since DGD holders reap dividends from DGX transaction fees, speculators immediately began purchasing DGD to profit from this development.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Crypto ’s  ‘Positive Story Remains Intact ’: Wall Street Strategist Undeterred by Bitcoin Price Decline Twitter  It’s been a dismal year so far for the cryptocurrency markets, and  — as evidenced by the Bitcoin price’s more than 50 percent retrace from its all-time high  — the volatility has begun to shake out investors with weak hands.  Bitcoin bears have begun to take their victory laps, with skeptics forecasting that its plunge to zero is now inevitable.  Wall Street Strategist Tom Lee, however, refuses to waver from his optimistic outlook  — or his bullish  Bitcoin price  forecast.  Lee, a former JPMorgan equity strategist who now runs market research firm Fundstrat Global Advisors, told clients that now is an excellent opportunity to consider adding to their cryptoasset stakes.  “It has been a terrible few weeks but the fundamental positive story for crypto remains intact, ”  CNBC  cites him as saying in the report, distributed late Thursday night just hours after the Bitcoin price declined below $8,000 for the first time since November.  He told clients not to panic, reminding them that throughout Bitcoin’s history, sell-offs have been generally been followed by significant rallies within a relatively short period of time. Based on this data, he said that it is worth the risk for investors to add to their positions, even if the market continues to decline.  “Past sell-offs were followed by rallies of ~150% within 84 days, ” Lee said.  “In other words, we think the risk/reward at these levels warrants adding here, even if there is additional downside. ”  Lee reiterated that, according to  Fundstrat’s valuation model , the Bitcoin price should reach $20,000 by mid-year and ultimately attain the historic $25,000 milestone before the market rings in the new year. He added that the Bitcoin Investment Trust (OTC: GBTC)  — which recently  executed a 91-for-1 stock split   — should trade at $30 during that same timeframe.  Other large-cap coins, meanwhile, have a similarly-bullish future. He forecast that Ethereum, which is currently trading at $943, should more than double to $1,900 by the end of the year, while NEO and Ethereum Classic could reach $250 and $60, respectively.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Psych! Ex-Iced Tea Co. ‘Long Blockchain’ Cancels Order for 1,000 Bitcoin Miners Twitter  Long Blockchain Corp. has canceled plans to open a 1,000 rig bitcoin mining farm.  The firm, which was formerly known as Long Island Iced Tea, made its  eyebrow-raising pivot  into the blockchain space in December, just days after the Bitcoin price hit a record $19,891 on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex.  At the beginning of January, Long Blockchain announced that it had inked a $4.2 million to  purchase 1,000 AntMiner S9 units  and set up a bitcoin mining farm in Iceland.  “We view this transaction as an important and validating initial step in the Company’s progression into blockchain technology,” Long Blockchain CEO Philip Thomas said at the time.  However, the cryptocurrency markets have entered a steep decline since that announcement, and Long Blockchain’s share price hasn’t fared much better. On Friday, LBCC shares were trading at $3.11, more than 50 percent below the all-time high it set in December.  Against this backdrop, it appears that Long Blockchain his having second-thoughts about its enthusiastic foray into the blockchain space. On Friday, the firm announced that it has canceled its plans to establish a Bitcoin mining operation, according to a  statement  filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  “While we continue to believe in the value of mining equipment to the blockchain ecosystem, the purchase of these machines  – which was negotiated as a no-risk option to the Company  – was just one of the multiple strategic avenues we have been considering,” said Shamyl Malik, head of the firm’s blockchain strategy committee.  Malik said that the company remains committed to its new focus on blockchain technology, however, noting that Long Blockchain has negotiated a merger proposal with UK firm Stater Blockchain, and he added that the company may purchase Bitcoin mining equipment in the future.  “We will continue to evaluate the purchase of mining equipment for Bitcoin and other digital currencies as part of our larger blockchain initiative, which includes among other potential transactions the proposed merger with Stater,” he said.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Lightning Network Reaches 1,000 Mainnet Payment Channels Twitter  The Bitcoin price has entered a steep decline in 2018, leaving many recent investors heading for the exits to cut their losses. Behind the scenes, though, Bitcoin development continues to plug along without regard for market movements, and one much-anticipated technology  — the  Lightning Network  (LN)  — has quietly passed a major milestone.  Lightning Network Reaches 1,000 Mainnet Payment Channels  Earlier this week, the number of open LN payment channels reached 1,000 for the first time. This marked yet another historic checkpoint for the development and adoption of this nascent technology, which many developers could be one of several long-term solutions to Bitcoin’s network congestion, which has reduced the most prominent cryptocurrency’s utility for small-value transa ctions and led many companies  — including  payment processor Stripe   — to abandon support for Bitcoin payments.  The Lightning Network promises to ease network congestion by moving transactions off the main blockchain and onto the second-layer LN protocol. Using payment channels, LN users will be able to make near-instant transactions at virtually no cost, which proponents argue will make Bitcoin an attractive medium of exchange for transactions of all sizes.  LN Node Map | Source: https://lnmainnet.gaben.win/  Although Lightning Network software is still firmly in the alpha testing phase, enthusiastic users have nevertheless begun setting up LN nodes on the Bitcoin mainnet and opening payment channels with one another. As of the time of writing, there were already 419 nodes running LN software on the mainnet, up from fewer than 30 on Jan. 17.  For reference, Bitcoin Cash  — the fourth-largest cryptocurrency by market cap  — has  1,171 active nodes  (excluding duplicate and non-listening clients), less than three times more that of the alpha-stage LN.  Other Notable Lightning Milestones  Lightning adoption has passed several other notable milestones in recent weeks, as brave users have risked mainnet BTC to help speed the development of this promising technology.  In January,  TorGuard  began accepting mainnet LN payments for its VPN service, and the company later marked the Lightning Network ’s  “ pizza transaction ” when it allowed a brave user to pay for a physical item using an LN payment.  Earlier this week, meanwhile, Austria-based startup  Coinfinity  completed what is believed to be the first LN transaction on a Bitcoin ATM.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Opinion: Bitcoin Price Dip Could Get Worse Before the Inevitable Rebound Twitter  The valuation of the cryptocurrency market has nearly halved from its all-time high. Bitcoin has declined by more than 14 percent in the past 24 hours, while Ethereum, Ripple, Bitcoin Cash, and other major cryptocurrencies fell by more than 20 percent.  Throughout the past 12 months, the cryptocurrency market has experienced several 30 to 40 percent corrections. But, the latest correction is one of the worst corrections the cryptocurrency market has endured in the past year because it has lasted for awhile. For a few weeks, the cryptocurrency market has struggled to demonstrate any signs of short-term recovery and as a consequ ence, the valuation of the market has continued to fall by large margins.  Still, the cryptocurrency market is not at its 3-month low. In November, the valuation of the cryptocurrency market was less than $200 million, less than bitcoin’s market cap in January. Hence, even if most major cryptocurrencies fall by more than 30 percent from current levels, it will set back the market by only three months.   Several analysts including BKCM’s Brian Kelly and renowned trader Peter Brandt stated that the price of bitcoin could dip again before the market shows signs of short-term recovery. Kelly said that the price of bitcoin could decline by 15 percent and the cryptocurrency would still be overvalued. Brandt explained that based on the current trend, the price of bitcoin could drop to $7,700 before rebounding.  Kelly noted:  “The intrinsic value, the way I measure it is transactions. And I do kind of a simple regression with number of transactions and velocity. And you get an intrinsic value somewhere in the $8,000s.  This is such a young technology. To short it, makes absolutely no sense in terms of the risk/reward because this thing can move 20 or 30 percent in a day. So the most I ’m going to make is 100 percent of my downside [over time]. And the worst is I ’m going to lose 30 percent in a day. And then compound that.”  Kelly emphasized that he would not bet against bitcoin even after the recent correction, as it still remains the most dominant cryptocurrency in the market.  Brandt, who continuously called out bitcoin’s $7,700 dip since January 22, stated that based on classical charting, bitcoin would likely experience another dip before a recovery.  “The crypto-snobs have been quick and dependable to blast classical charting. Yet, classical charting has been an outstanding lens to understand bitcoin price movements,” said Brandt.   $BTC  likely headed to 7700-7800, but  $ETHBTC  could thrust to 2.9xxx  pic.twitter.com/cwpeiqxQL0  — Peter Brandt (@PeterLBrandt)  February 1, 2018  Brandt added that during a phase like this, it is important for traders and investors to remain patient with their investments. The market is extremely volatile and it could move upwards or downwards by more than 30 percent overnight.  “Patience and discipline to trade well defined geometric price patterns with predetermined risk/trade mgmt provides me with my trading edge, ” added Brandt.  But, one positive development which has occurred in the past few days is the elimination of premiums in the South Korean market. While the decline in demand for cryptocurrencies may have contributed to it, the South Korean government ’s crackdown on investors taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunity acted as the driving factor of decreasing premium rates.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Fever Catches the Attention of Nigeria ’s Lawmakers Twitter  Nigeria has been a hotbed for bitcoin trading, at least among African nations. Now the West African country ’s policymakers want to examine the digital coin to determine whether or not it has a place in the Nigerian economy, as per a  report in Bloomberg . The concerns surfaced during a Senate session earlier this week in Abuja in which bitcoin took center stage.  African millennials are especially keen on bitcoin,  as per the BBC , including in Lagos, where bitcoin is looked to not only as a form of investment but also as a means to remit payments cross-border. But it may soon be tougher for them to do so.  According to Deputy Senate President Ike Ekweremadu, the Senate Committee on Banking, Insurance and Other Financial Institutions will launch an investigation into  “the viability of bitcoin as a form of investment, come up with recommendations on how to control its uses and trade. ”  It ’s to the dismay of some policymakers that bitcoin ’s traded in Nigeria amid what Senator Benjamin Uwajumogu described in a motion as investors being  “persuaded ” of quick returns.  The Nigerian Senate is joining the chorus of the country ’s central bank, the head of which told said in recent days to Bloomberg that trading bitcoin was akin to gambling, saying that the Central Bank of Nigeria couldn ’t support such risky behavior.  Caution has been the tone of Nigerian policymakers since a year ago, when the central bank approached lenders amid the bitcoin price volatility and propensity for money laundering. They appear to be digital-coin agnostic,  having cautioned  that bitcoin, Monero, Litecoin and other altcoins are not recognized as legal tender in the country and therefore any transactions are done so at the risk of the bank.  The CBN even approached lenders, requesting they steer clear of digital coins before  “substantive regulation and/or decision ” by policymakers. The time appears to have come, as the Senate plans to give its recommendations within a couple of weeks.  An Affinity for Bitcoin  Without formal regulation till now, traders have taken to forming their own clusters to implement standards for bitcoin trading. They had to do something, given their affinity for trading the digital coin coupled with the widespread fraud that had gripped the nation and took Nigerians for millions of dollars. This hit hard in a nation whose per-capita yearly income falls below  $3,000.  So the  traders reportedly took to  messaging app Telegram and created their own Know-Your-Customer (KYC) protocols, so to speak, in which interested parties are vetted, sometimes face-to-face, before joining the group, which has since ballooned to some 800 members.  Meanwhile, the fate of bitcoin trading in Nigeria is out of their hands.  Lagos image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   FedEx Turns to Blockchain to ‘Transform the Logistics Industry’ Twitter  Shipping and logistics behemoth FedEx is firmly turning to decentralized technology by implementing blockchain solutions into its core processes.  Global delivery giant FedEx is working with the Blockchain in Transport Alliance (BiTA) – a working group of leading freight, shipping and logistics companies coming together to develop and implement blockchain technology among everyday operations. First reported by industry publication  FreightWaves , FedEx is specifically delving into creating uniform logistics standards for blockchain applications across the industry.  BiTA, which sees members such as UPS and SAP, is the  blockchain consortium of choice  for the trillion-dollar shipping and logistics industry.  Among BiTA’s founding members, FedEx is already undertaking several blockchain pilots with a focus on dispute resolution, according to FedEx Freight vice president for strategic planning Dale Chrystie. Blockchain tech could prove a key resource to enhance customer experience by providing secure and transparent data, he added.  Speaking to the publication, the executive went on to state:  “We have millions of records a day in our system, and we think of blockchain as a secure chain of custody that could transform the logistics industry. We believe it holds a lot of promise in that space and would streamline all that data exchange in a very secure way. ”  The logistics and freight industry is particularly ripe for transformational disruption by blockchain technology. An immutable, real-time, transparent decentralized ledger could significantly bring down operational cost by increasing efficiency and quicker turnaround times for a faster supply chain process.  FedEx Services’ senior vice president of IT Kevin Humphries underlined the importance of delivering complete transparency to customers using the company’s freight and logistics services.  He added:  “And blockchain is opening the door to that by giving customers even more visibility to their package before it gets in our hands and after it leaves our hands.”  Humphries went on to confirm FedEx’s development of blockchain pilots to have a proactive ‘edge’ in understanding the technology before an eventual rollout across different platforms in the industry.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Discover CEO Explains Why Credit Cardholders Can’t Buy Bitcoin Twitter  On cryptocurrency exchanges and brokerages, traders are not permitted to use their Discover credit and debit cards to purchase or sell bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency in the market.  False Statements  In an interview with Bloomberg, Discover CEO David Nelms stated that for financial institutions to process payments for cryptocurrency traders and investors, they are required by the government to implement strict Anti-Money Laundering (AML) systems and closely monitor the transactions of the traders.  For a company like Discover, that would lead to many millions of dollars in additional compliance costs to address cryptocurrency investors.  Nelms also criticized investors in bitcoin, calling them “crooks that are trying to get money out of China or wherever.”   Evidently, the generalization of institutional investors, retail traders, and individual investors including Fidelity, Tim Draper, Winklevoss Twins, Barry Silbert, Mark Cuban, and tens of millions of people in the US, Japan, and South Korea as money laundering “crooks” can be considered as a baseless condemnation of investors within the global cryptocurrency market.  Currently, the global cryptocurrency market has a daily trading volume of $24 billion, which is larger than some of the world’s largest stock markets combined. Bitcoin alone processes $8 billion on a daily basis and has more liquidity than the most liquid stock on earth, Apple.  Nelms added that the only use case of bitcoin he personally sees is money laundering and financial crime, stating, “or if someone steals our credit card numbers they’re going to ask for payments in Bitcoin. Those are the only use cases I’m actually seeing today.”  On a factual level, the argument of Nelms that the primary usage of bitcoin as a money laundering tool for Chinese investors is highly incorrect because the Chinese government imposed a strict ban on cryptocurrency trading in September 2017. As of now, the Chinese market is nearly zero trading volume, and the largest cryptocurrency markets are the US, Japan, and South Korea.  Isolation  Earlier this week, Robinhood, a major US-based financial services company that allows individuals to invest in publicly traded companies and exchange-traded funds (ETFs), announced its plans to launch a cryptocurrency exchange by next month.  Robinhood developers have already updated the company’s mobile app to add a feature showing the prices of 14 major cryptocurrencies.  Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the largest financial conglomerate and bank in Japan, also revealed its finalized plans to launch a cryptocurrency exchange within 2018, to address the rapidly increasing demand for bitcoin from institutional investors and retail traders.  The cryptocurrency market is an exponentially growing sector with tens of millions of both individual and institutional investors across the globe eager to invest. Failing to flow with the modern trend and address growing demand from cryptocurrency investors could result in Discover losing its market share to other competitors in the market like Visa, which have been pro-crypto currency since 2015.  But, Discover emphasized that if everyday cardholders push for the integration and support of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ethereum, it will consider implementing them in the long-term. For now, Nelms explained that Discover customers are not “clamoring to use it.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   CoinCheck Announces Compensation to 260,000 NEM Holders Following Major Hack Twitter  Tokyo-based cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck has today announced a plan to compensate approximately 260,000  NEM  holders for $523 million XEM that was illegally removed from Coincheck. The cause of the hack is currently under investigation, according to a  notice  on the company ’s website. Similar events in other currencies including JPY have not been confirmed.  On Jan. 26, Coincheck suspended some of its functions after an event occurred around 02:57 on that date. The company detected an abnormality around 12:07 and issued a notice regarding the temporary suspension of NEM payments. At around 12:38, NEM trading was temporarily suspended. At around 16:33, withdrawals of all handling currency including JPY were suspended, followed by th e temporary suspension of trading other than BTC, including credit card, pay day and convenience store activity. Eventually, exchange executives  confirmed  the theft near the end of the day.  Coincheck will refund NEM holders in Japanese yen to their CoinCheck wallets.  Coincheck To Calculate Losses  Coincheck will calculate the compensation price using the weighted average of the volume, with reference to the Zaif XEM currency exchange operated by Tek Bureau Inc. The calculation period is the time of the sale stop, 12:09 Japan time on Jan. 26, to the release delivery time, 23:00 Japan time on Jan. 27.  The compensation amount will be 88.549 yen times the number of units held.  Coincheck apologized for any inconvenience caused to business partners, customers and related parties.  The exchange stated that it is committed to resuming services, to investigate the causes of the illegal remittance and to strength its security system.  Coincheck also said it will continue its efforts to seek registration of virtual currency exchanges to the Financial Services Agency.  A Security Failure  During a press conference following the suspension of activity, CoinCheck executives  revealed several details  about the hack and specifically the infrastructure of the Coincheck cryptocurrency exchange. Yuji Nakamura, a technology reporter based in Japan, reported that the Coincheck trading platform had not implemented multi-signature technology, stored all of the hacked funds in a hot wallet, and that the developers of Coin c heck were still not sure how the exchange was hacked.  Most major cryptocurrency exchanges such as Kraken, Coinbase, and Bitfinex have multi-signature security measures in place, which prevent funds from being processed on public blockchain networks until a third-party security service provider confirms the legitimacy of transactions.  The lack of a multi-signature service is a critical security flaw for any cryptocurrency exchange. If multi-signature technology was integrated, the security breach could have been prevented.  Also read:  Coincheck ’s $530 million cryptocurrency hack was inevitable  Funds Stored In  ‘Hot Wallet ’  In addition to not having implemented multi-signature security measures, Coincheck kept all of its funds in a hot wallet. In cryptocurrency, a hot wallet is defined as a wallet that is connected to the Internet, while a cold wallet is described as a wallet which is stored offline. For large sums of user funds, cryptocurrency exchanges usually store cryptocurrencies in cold stor age, to ensure that even in an event of a hacking attack, hackers cannot access user funds.  The malpractice of Coincheck of storing funds in a hot wallet and not implementing a multi-signature system ultimately led to the loss of user funds.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘We Are Disturbed’: SEC and CFTC Chairmen Issue Stark Warning to Cryptocurrency Industry Twitter  The chairmen of two US regulatory agencies have written a joint statement expressing their concerns over the present state of the cryptocurrency markets.  Writing in an op-ed published in  The Wall Street Journal , Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) chief Jay Clayton and Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) head J. Christopher Giancarlo expressed their disapproval over the manner in which many market participants in the distributed ledger technology (DLT) space flout regulations and attempt to circumvent rules governing investor protection.  “[T]oday we are seeing substantial DLT-related market activity that shows little or no regard to our proven regulatory approach. This concerns us,” Clayton and Giancarlo wrote. “Some proponents of cryptocurrencies note that the jurisdiction of the CFTC and SEC over cryptocurrency transactions is limited and cite the absence of U.S. and other government market regulation as an investment attribute. Such claims should give prospective investors pause.”  Clayton and Giancarlo took lawyers, trading platforms, and financial services firms to task for their behavior, which the two regulators said “disturbed” them in many cases. In particular, they repeated the  oft-stated-but-rarely-heeded  statement that merely wrapping an investment product in new terminology does not exempt it from regulations governing securities and investor protection.  “Market participants, including lawyers, trading venues and financial services firms, should be aware that we are disturbed by many examples of form being elevated over substance, with form-based arguments depriving investors of mandatory protections, ” they said.  Notably, Clayton and Giancarlo said that they would like to  “revisit ” frameworks under which cryptocurrency exchanges other trading platforms have registered as payment services, which are regulated primarily at the state level and do not provide federal regulators with direct oversight.  “Many of the internet-based cryptocurrency-trading platforms have registered as payment services and are not subject to direct oversight by the SEC or the CFTC, ” they said.  “We would support policy efforts to revisit these frameworks and ensure they are effective and efficient for the digital era. ”  Both agencies have been steadily ramping up their oversight of the nascent blockchain space. Last week, the CFTC  brought charges  against several cryptocurrency-related investment schemes that regulators said were fraudulent, while the SEC has  shut down several ICOs  for failing to register as securities.  For Clayton, this op-ed marked the second time this week that he had issued  public comments  about the failure of market “gatekeepers” to act responsibly within the DLT space. On Monday, he said that, “particularly in the initial coin offering space, they can do better” and added that he had instructed SEC staff to be on “high alert” for “ICOs that may be contrary to the spirit of our securities laws.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   CoinCheck ’s $530 Million Cryptocurrency Hack Was Inevitable Twitter  Yesterday, on January 26, CoinCheck executives  officially stated  in a press conference that $530 million worth of XEM, the native cryptocurrency of the NEM network, was stolen by an unknown group of hackers.  Poor Security Measures  During the press conference, CoinCheck executives revealed several details about the hack and specifically the infrastructure of the CoinCheck cryptocurrency exchange. Yuji Nakamura, a technology reporter based in Japan,  reported  that the CoinCheck trading platform had not implemented multi-signature technology, stored all of the hacked funds in a hot wallet, and that the developers of CoinCheck are still not sure how the exchange was hacked.  Most major cryptocurrency exchanges such as Kraken, Coinbase, and Bitfinex have multi-signature security measures in place, which prevent funds from being processed on public blockchain networks until a third party security service provider confirm the legitimacy of transactions.  For instance, Kraken and Bitstamp have partnered with BitGo, the largest multi-signature technology and blockchain security firm in the industry, to ensure that hackers cannot withdraw funds from their platforms.  The lack of a multi-signature service is a critical security flaw for any cryptocurrency exchange. If multi-signature technology was integrated, the $530 million security breach could have been prevented.  In addition to not having implemented multi-signature security measures, CoinCheck kept all of its funds in a hot wallet. In cryptocurrency, a hot wallet is defined as a wallet that is connected to the Internet, while a cold wallet is described as a wallet which is stored offline. For large sums of user funds, cryptocurrency exchanges usually store cryptocurrencies in cold stor age, to ensure that even in an event of a hacking attack, hackers cannot access user funds.  The malpractice of CoinCheck of storing funds in a hot wallet and not implementing a multi-signature system ultimately led to the loss of $530 million in user funds.  Throughout the press conference, CoinCheck executives and its CEO refused to admit that the exchange was not secure, despite the obvious weaknesses in its infrastructure. Nakamura noted:  Only NEM was impacted CoinCheck plans to continue operating Not decided on how to reimburse customers No Multi-Signature Would not admit security was weak Not sure how it was hacked  It was also revealed that CoinCheck had not filed with the Japanese Financial Services Agency (FSA) because it was confident in its security measures. Yet, the CoinCheck development team is yet to understand how the trading platform was hacked.  If the method of a security breach cannot be unraveled, the exchanges cannot possibly add necessary improvements to prevent similar attacks from happening in the future.   Do Not Store Funds on Exchanges  Given the poor and weak infrastructure of CoinCheck, a large-scale hacking attack was inevitable. Developers of the company are likely relieved that other cryptocurrencies on the trading platform such as Ripple or bitcoin were not affected.  As a general rule of cryptocurrency investment, it is extremely insecure to leave funds on centralized platforms. The most secure way of storing cryptocurrencies is to leave them on non-custodial platforms, wherein users have absolute control over their private keys.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Major Cryptocurrencies Recover, Bitcoin and Ethereum Post 5% Gains Twitter  After recording a minor correction on January 26, major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, Ethereum, and Cardano increased by more than 5 percent.   NEM, which declined significantly in value after leading Japanese cryptocurrency exchange CoinCheck announced a $530 million hack into its NEM hot wallet, also recorded a 5.6 percent increase in price.  Bitcoin and Ethereum  Since a major correction occured in late December, most cryptocurrencies in the market have failed to recover back to their all-time highs. Bitcoin is still down nearly 50 percent from its all-time high at $19,000, and other cryptocurrencies like Ripple and Bitcoin Cash are almost down 70 percent from their all-time highs.  At one point, Ripple neared $150 billion in market valuation but as of January 27, the market cap of Ripple remains below $50 billion. That is a 3-fold fall within a two-month period.  Ethereum has fallen the least from its all-time high at $1,300, and has been one of the best performing major cryptocurrencies in the market. It has held above the $1,000 mark throughout several major correction and today, the price of Ether, the native cryptocurrency of the Ethereum network, increased by 4.6 percent.   Last week, the $9 billion financial service provider Stripe noted that due to the high fees and long confirmation times of the Bitcoin network, it has started to search for alternatives within the global cryptocurrency market to bitcoin. Stripe mentioned Ether and other cryptocurrencies launched on top of the Ethereum protocol such as OmiseGo.  “Fees have risen a great deal. For a regular Bitcoin transaction, a fee of tens of U.S. dollars is common, making Bitcoin transactions about as expensive as bank wires. Because of this, we’ve seen the desire from our customers to accept Bitcoin decrease. And of the businesses that are accepting Bitcoin on Stripe, we’ve seen their revenues from Bitcoin decline substantially,”  said the Stripe team.  Currently, fees on the Bitcoin network are less than $1, because the daily transaction volume of bitcoin has declined over the past few weeks. When the demand for bitcoin spikes again as its price increases, it is likely that fees will increase as well.  Financial service providers like Stripe believe that in the short-term, businesses could move away from bitcoin due to its high fees to other alternatives like Ethereum. The adoption of Ethereum by retailers could be a driving factor for its mid to long-term price growth.  “We’re interested in what’s happening with Lightning and other proposals to enable faster payments. OmiseGO is an ambitious and clever proposal; more broadly, Ethereum continues to spawn many high-potential projects,” added Stripe.  While the Ethereum network was not designed specifically to process payments, it has become a widely utilized digital currency. It is processing 7x more transactions than bitcoin, with a daily transaction volume of 1.4 million. The rapid increase in the user base of Ethereum has led its price to increase over the past few weeks.  Ripple  For a month, Ripple has struggled to demonstrate any strong signs of recovery despite several high profile partnerships it had secured with companies such as MoneyGram and major South Korean banks. Japanese and South Korean financial institutions are expected to roll out Ripple integration by early February. If the integration turns out to be successful, it will be reflected positively by the price trend of Ripple. If not, the price of Ripple could continue to decline in the short-term.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Industry Firm Blockchains, LLC Scoops Up 67,000 Acres in Nevada Twitter  Google, Tesla and Switch will be their new neighbors. You may never have heard of Blockchains, LLC till now, but they are soon going to be on the fintech map. They ’re expanding and have chosen a 67,000-acre plot of land in Northern Nevada ’s up-and-coming Emerald City. The company, which focuses on the distributed ledger technology for decentralized apps, is  moving its corporate headquarters  to the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center, the world ’s largest industrial park that has blossomed over the past two decades.  The industrial park closed a total of $175 million in land sales in 2018 across 74,000 acres, the bulk of which went to Blockchains, LLC, according to the county commissioner and broker on the deal  cited in reports . Lance Gilman said he closed escrow on the deal a week ago, but details surrounding Blockchains, LLC ’s development plans are scarce.  “From 15,000 feet (above ground view), I believe they envision a product that will showcase all of the capabilities of the blockchain technology, ” Gilman told Nevada Newsmakers.  Blockchains, LLC describes itself as an advocate for social change, with a focus on providing digital-fueled financial services and software Dapps on the Ethereum blockchain. They ’re an incubator of sorts for the development of blockchain-driven ideas and businesses.  Gilman went on to describe a blockchain-based community comprised of thousands of houses and apartments and brick-and-mortar retail shops  — all powered by distributed ledger technology. The development would extend to services you would expect to gain access to from a major highway, from hotels to truck stops, to dining establishments.   “And again, all with the blockchain technology foundation ” he added.  Blockchains, LLC will be sharing the spotlight with Nevada ’s  “Emerald City, ” an off-the-chain development with revolving around a lake in the center of town, surrounded by piers, bike paths, casinos, etc., whose treated water will serve as a reservoir for use among the local residents. There is also a mini-rail line in the works, which could involve the participation of Blockchains Inc.  More details about software startup Blockchains, LLC ’s research and development project are are expected to emerge next month in an official announcement.  Tech Disrupters  The purchase gives the startup, which was legally registered in 2017, an anchor position on a campus that is comprised of 107,000 acres across 100+ businesses.  According to reports , Jeffrey Berns of the law group Berns Weiss, of which he is co-founder of the currency practice, is a part-owner of Blockchains, LLC.  Blockchains, LLC, whose attorney reportedly said the company will remain in  “stealth mode ” till Q2 2018, has a larger plot than Google, which in 2017 acquired more than 1,200 acres, Switch ’s 2,000 acres and Tesla, whose Gigafactory for lithium-ion batteries are produced on nearly 3,000 acres of land. Tesla ’s $5 billion Gigafactory is designed to support the company ’s goal of making half-a-million cars per year  by 2018 .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Mining Isn ’t an ‘Environmental Armageddon ’ : Credit Suisse Report Twitter  A Credit Suisse report downplayed fears that the growth of the bitcoin mining industry would initiate an “environmental armageddon.”  Bitcoin Mining Not an  ‘Environmental Armageddon ’  The emergence of bitcoin as an economic force has had a correlative effect on the  bitcoin mining industry , as increased profitability has attracted more miners to the ecosystem.  This increased hashpower has come at the price of increased electricity consumption, provoking consternation among environmental activists and leading some critics to warn that bitcoin could cause a global energy crisis.  However, a new report from Credit Suisse Group throws shade on those apocalyptic predictions.  Last Week, Morgan Stanley  predicted  that cryptocurrency miners could consume as much as 140 terawatt-hours of electricity this year, which equates to about 0.6 percent of global demand. Citing this report, Credit Suisse said that bitcoin mining is unlikely to cause an  “environmental Armageddon ”  — at least anytime soon.  “This is a far cry from the power and environmental Armageddon that some have feared,” the Credit Suisse analysts, led by Michael Weinstein, wrote in this week’s report, according to  Bloomberg .  They added that it is a mistake to project miners’ power consumption lineally, as the industry will likely develop hardware and practices that are more energy-efficient in a bid to gain a competitive advantage. The report noted that this phenomenon occurred among both marijuana growers and data center operators during high-growth periods for these industries.  $5 Billion Annual Revenue Opportunity  The report predicts bitcoin mining is “very unlikely” to approach 350 terawatt-hours of energy consumption a year, a mark that qualifies an industry as an “ultra-high-end” electricity consumer.  Rather, the analysts anticipate that the mining industry could present electricity producers with a $5 billion “global annual revenue opportunity,” which is a far cry from the $6 trillion worth of energy consumed globally each year.  “This is a small portion of global electric usage and an even smaller portion of total global energy expenditures,” the report concluded.  Miners Seek Out Surplus Electricity  Moreover, apocalyptics predictions about mining’s electricity consumption ignore that the industry naturally gravitates toward locations with low utility rates, which tend to have low-cost energy due to an excess supply.  Canadian utility Hydro-Quebec, for instance, is  actively courting bitcoin miners  in the wake of China’s apparent desire to reduce the amount of electricity available to domestic miners.  This concentration of cryptocurrency mining operations in regions with surplus electricity will further mitigate the potential environmental impact of this burgeoning industry.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   OKCoin: Formerly Largest Cryptocurrency Exchange in China to Launch in South Korea Twitter  Following the roadmap of its competitor Huobi, formerly the largest cryptocurrency exchange in China OKCoin will launch a trading platform in the South Korean market.  OKCoin’s South Korea Expansion  Earlier today, on January 19, local media outlets in South Korea reported that NHN Entertainment, one of the biggest multi-billion dollar game developers in the country that operates Hangame.com, has partnered with OKCoin to create an exchange within the local cryptocurrency market.  According to South Korean media outlet News 1,  OKCoin plans to list more cryptocurrencies than Bithumb and UpBit, which have integrated 10 and 30 cryptocurrencies respectively. Both Bithumb and UpBit are operated by some of the country’s most influential conglomerates including Kakao’s Dunamoo. Korbit, the third largest cryptocurrency exchange market, is operated by NXC, a $10 billion gaming company.  To compete against local trading platforms like Bithumb, Korbit, UpBit, and CoinOne, OKCoin has partnered with a major conglomerate in NHN Entertainment, to obtain sufficient resources and capital to address the South Korean market. OKCoin will also integrate 60 cryptocurrencies upon its launch, more than all of the cryptocurrency exchanges in the local market combined.  Chris Lee, the president of OKCoin, told News 1 that the company currently houses 100 full-time developers and is aiming to evolve into a global cryptocurrency exchange. Lee emphasized that in order for OKCoin to expand internationally, South Korea is an important market for the company to address and penetrate.  Last month, Huobi, another major Chinese cryptocurrency exchange that migrated to the Hong Kong cryptocurrency market, announced its partnership with Japanese financial giant SBI Holdings to expand into the Japanese and South Korean markets.  Due to the recent crackdown on cryptocurrency trading by the Chinese government, trading platforms within the Chinese market have started to expand into other major regions in Asia, such as Japan and South Korea.  Optimistic For South Korea?  Apart from OKCoin and Huobi, 10 more cryptocurrency exchanges are expected to launch in the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market over the next few months.   Evidently, if the South Korean cryptocurrency market is unstable and a trading ban is imminent, cryptocurrency exchanges would not allocate millions of dollars in development and compliance to expand into the South Korean market.  Local exchanges including Bithumb, Korbit, and Coinone, as well as exchanges overseas like Huobi and OKCoin are optimistic in regards to the regulatory roadmap of the South Korean government, given that the government has reaffirmed a cryptocurrency trading ban will not be imposed.  Recently,  as CCN reported , chairman of the Fair Trade Commission of South Korea Kim Sang-Joo, stated:  “[Shutting down cryptocurrency exchanges] is not realistically possible. Based on electronic commerce law, the government does not have the authority to close down cryptocurrency trading platforms.  From the viewpoint of an economist, it is not a fair and transparent decision to outright ban economic activity. Whether it is excessive speculation or not, the gain or the loss is the responsibility of the investor.”  Given that the South Korean government has officially refuted the claims of the Justice Minister and rejected the cryptocurrency trading ban proposal, more cryptocurrency exchanges from overseas markets will expand into the local market, to address the exponentially increasing demand for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in the global market.  
DECREASE	   CFTC Files Fraud Suits Against Cryptocurrency Investment Schemes Twitter  The US Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) filed charges against several cryptocurrency investment schemes for allegedly defrauding customers and investors.  The suits, which were filed on Thursday in US federal court in New York, accuse CabbageTech and the Entrepreneurs Headquarters Limited of engaging in fraudulent practices to obtain cryptocurrencies from investors.  CabbageTech, which operated under the name Coin Drop Markets, was a New York company that purportedly offered real-time cryptocurrency trading advice as well as asset management services. The complaint alleges that CabbageTech owner Patrick K. McDonnell failed to provide the promised trading advice to customers and stole funds that clients had entrusted to his management.  The complaint alleges that, after receiving the funds, the defendants cut off communications with customers and erased their internet presence.  “This action is among the latest examples of the CFTC’s continuing commitment to act aggressively and assertively to root out fraud and bad actors involved in virtual currencies,” CFTC Director of Enforcement James McDonald said in a statement. “We will continue to work hard to identify and remove bad actors from these markets.”  In the second case, the CFTC alleged that Colorado resident Dillon Michael Dean, along with his UK-registered company The Entrepreneurs Headquarters Limited, had operated a Ponzi scheme in which he solicited and misappropriated at least $1.1 million in bitcoin from more than 600 investors under the guise of establishing an investment pool.  “Increased public interest in Bitcoin and other virtual currencies has provided new opportunities for bad actors, McDonald said. “As this case shows, the CFTC will continue to take swift action to stop such fraudulent schemes and to hold fraudsters accountable for their misconduct.”  Reuters  reported  that the CFTC filed a third suit against a cryptocurrency investment scheme, but the details of that case are currently sealed.  The suits come as US regulators have been eyeing the cryptocurrency ecosystem with increased scrutiny.  On Friday, the CFTC and US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued a joint enforcement warning stating that they will continue to patrol the cryptoasset markets and  “look beyond form, examine the substance of the activity and prosecute violations of the federal securities and commodities laws. ”  CFTC Chairman J. Christopher Giancarlo, meanwhile,  reportedly  said at an industry conference that he had instructed his staff to develop a  “heightened review process ” for bitcoin futures and other cryptocurrency-related derivatives.     
DECREASE	   MMA Title Contender Rory MacDonald Talks Dash Sponsorship Ahead of Bellator 192 Twitter  When Rory MacDonald squares off against welterweight champion Douglas Lima in Saturday’s Bellator 192 title fight, he will be sporting branded gear from what may seem to be an unlikely sponsor: Dash.  MMA Title Contender Rory MacDonald Lands Dash Sponsorship  However, as his Twitter followers know, the 28-year-old MacDonald has been active in the cryptocurrency scene since 2014, when his coach, Firas Zahabi, first introduced him to bitcoin.  Through Zahabi, MacDonald connected with Dash representatives, and together they drafted a proposal for the cryptocurrency to sponsor him through the network’s budget voting process. Masternode owners overwhelmingly approved the proposal, and MacDonald was paid 320 DASH, worth about $271,000 at the present exchange rate.  The “Red King” told CCN that he is also a proponent of bitcoin cash, which he favors over bitcoin due to the forked coin’s support for robust on-chain scaling.  “I’m not a big supporter of Bitcoin Core development,” MacDonald said during a phone interview. “I believe that bitcoin cash is making the right decisions and scaling properly toward the original idea of bitcoin.”  ‘The Next Wave ’ of MMA Sponsorships  MacDonald’s Dash sponsorship is not the first time cryptocurrency and sports have converged. BitPay bankrolled the “ Bitcoin Bowl .” Dogecoin sponsored NASCAR driver Josh Wise’s famous “ Dogecar ” and helped send the  Jamaican bobsled team  to the 2014 winter Olympics.  But while those were largely one-off events, MacDonald hopes that his sponsorship is just the opening bell of a long-term partnership between Bellator and the cryptocurrency industry.  “The exciting thing about [the Dash budget system] is that it’s a voting process, so we can make all kinds of different, unique ideas to pitch to the network,” he said. “It could be the next wave of sponsorships pouring into the MMA community.”  He added that he had already introduced Bellator president Scott Coker to the Dash representatives who helped him draft his sponsorship proposal.  This crypto-evangelism has already begun to pay dividends. Douglas Lima, MacDonald’s opponent in Saturday’s title bout, told  MMAimports  that he is researching bitcoin and would consider accepting payment in cryptocurrency.  Additionally Former lightweight champion Michael Chandler, who will also be fighting on the Bellator 192 card, has  inked a deal  with cryptocurrency exchange startup CoinLion.     
DECREASE	   Russia’s Largest Bank Has Launched a Blockchain Laboratory Twitter  Sberbank, Russia’s largest bank by assets, has opened a blockchain lab to develop, test and pilot blockchain projects.  The newly established blockchain lab will focus on developing business solutions for the wider Sberbank Group in addition to cooperating with startups, associations, communities and alliances to further blockchain awareness and development.  Blockchain specialists will arrive as new hires to work under the laboratory’s roof, particularly those with experience in creating and implementing solutions for existing financial and corporate products. When staffed and running, the laboratory will ‘test cutting-edge solutions, generate ideas to develop blockchain-based solutions, create product prototypes, carry out pilot p rojects, and implement applied business solutions for Sberbank Group’ an accompanying  release  added.  In statements, Sberbank senior vice president Igor Bulantsev said:  “Blockchain can considerably reshape many business areas related to the financial market, as well as classic activities of the bank and our clients…It is important to note that blockchain helps market participants cooperate more efficiently.”  Sberbank claims it is already undertaking over 20 blockchain-based pilot projects which include an endeavor with a federal agency for  the encrypted exchange of documents .  Sberbank is notably a member of two of the world’s largest open-source blockchain consortiums. Following a failed attempt to join the banking blockchain consortium led by New York-based R3, the Russian bank  became a member of  the cross-industry Hyperledger Blockchain Project in September 2016. A year later, Sberbank joined the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA), becoming the first Russian financial institution to  join  the working group developing enterprise solutions based on open-source Ethereum technology. Sberbank was also among select participants in ‘Masterchain’  – an Ethereum blockchain prototype deployed by Russia’s central bank to test interbank transactions.  Sberbank’s own blockchain lab follows a prediction from CEO and noted bitcoin advocate Herman Gref who claimed “the application of blockchain technology in commercial applications” will happen in 2019.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Petro Discount: Venezuela is Luring Qatar to Invest in State Cryptocurrency Twitter  A delegation of officials from Venezuela’s government is reportedly pitching the country’s upcoming cryptocurrency petro in Qatar in an attempt to gain the latter as an early investor.  Citing source with knowledge of the diplomatic meetings, Bloomberg is reporting that a group of Venezuelan officials led by ‘crypto superintendent’ Carlos Vargas is currently in Qatar, hoping to land the oil-rich Middle Eastern state as an early investor. The delegation is luring Qatar by ‘currently negotiating discounts’ ahead of the oil-backed cryptocurrency’s upcoming ‘sale’ in February, the report added.  It’s notable that Venezuela is reaching out to Qatar to buy into its cryptocurrency. Qatar is facing its own economic blockade by a Saudi-led coalition since mid-2016 and has been making friends elsewhere by  purchasing Airbus commercial planes  from France ($6.35 billion),  warships  from Italy ($5..91 billion), 24  Typhoon fighter jets  from the UK ($8 billion) and a $12 billion deal with the US for 72  F-15 fighter jets .  The Pre-Sale  A month-long ‘private pre-sale” will begin on February 15, where government officials expect to raise as much as $1.3 billion, before the sale extends to individuals. Venezuela’s government also intends to pay public workers in the digital token before encouraging them to use the cryptocurrency with tax benefits.  As reported in December, controversial Venezuelan president Nicolás Maduro  first announced  the state cryptocurrency as a solution to circumvent economic sanctions imposed by the United States’ presidential administration. The sanctions have proved a crippling blockade, cutting Venezuela’s access to global finance and international banking. Petro will be primarily backed by oil, Maduro said, alongside other commodities in gold and diamonds.  On January 9, Maduro doubled down on the plan to launch the petro by announcing the upcoming issuance of  100 million petros  – some of which is currently being offered on a discount to Qatar. Each petro will be backed by an oil barrel in Venezuela’s reserves, valuing the first issuance of the petro at approximately $6 billion.  The following day, the opposition-run Venezuelan congress outlawed Maduro’s petro as an “ illegal and unconstitutional ” instrument that was effectively “an effort to illegally mortgage” Venezuela’s oil reserves.  The Venezuelan Parliament’s legislator Jorge Milan said:  “This is not a cryptocurrency, this is a forward sale of Venezuelan oil. It is tailor-made for corruption.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Israel Tax Authority is Looking to Collect from ICOs Twitter  Israel is calling for a tax on upcoming ICOs for both issuers and investors, opting in a double-edged sword scenario to tighten the noose on regulation as opposed to a more severe approach taken by China and South Korea.  Israel ’s Tax Authority, which is comparable to the IRS, has published draft legislation with details of the proposed ICO tax, targeting blockchain companies that turn to the wildly popular token sales to raise funds. While a tax was inevitable, it is also a sign of maturity within the ballooning ICO market, which raised more than $4 billion last year.  One ICO that under the new law may have been subject to the tax is Swiss-Israeli startup Sirin Labs. The startup, which is developing a blockchain smartphone and which issued the SRN tokens,  attracting $118 million  to its coffers in an ICO at year-end 2017.  The draft makes it clear that it ’s addressing utility tokens, which is how the lion ’s share of issuers characterize their digital coins as opposed to securities, with tax authority director Moshe Asher emphasizing transparency.  “The Tax Authority is monitoring the technological developments and is working to provide an answer regarding the tax implications of virtual currency transactions and the issuance of digital tokens, thereby increasing the certainty and tax transparency of those operating in the field. ”  Similar to a recent declaration by the Tax Authority to treat  bitcoin as an asset , ICO tokens are being deemed an asset, and issuing companies behind them as well as the investors who buy the tokens would be subject to the tax. It ’s a balance sheet event, with companies being required to report P &L with cryptocurrencies similar to how they would with other assets. The tax may be postponed until the product in development is actually supplied. According to the  draft , as translated by  Finance Magnates :  “A person whose income from the sale of tokens reaches the level of a business, his income will be classified as a business income and it will be subject to tax rates under sections 121 or 126 of the ordinance.”  Back to Barter  Israel ’s central bank previously revealed its position on bitcoin, saying that  it didn ’t recognize  the cryptocurrency or altcoins as a legitimate form of payment. Meanwhile, The Tax Authority ’s draft legislation addresses bitcoin, saying that transactions involving the cryptocurrency would be treated as barter based on the value of assets.  Israel ’s securities regulator previously moved to block bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies from trading on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. Taxing ICOs sends a message to issuers that while they may dream of being the next bitcoin, their cryptocurrency similarly will have limitations. Israel is currently pursuing a digital shekel,  whose value would be equal  to the country ’s fiat money.  Public comments on the proposed law are being accepted for two weeks before the rule becomes final.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Visa CEO: We Won’t Accept Bitcoin Directly Twitter  Visa will not directly accept bitcoin, according to company CEO Alfred Kelly in a recent  CNBC interview  during the National Retail Federation trade show in New York City.  “We at Visa won ’t process transactions that are cryptocurrency-based,” he said. “We will only process fiat currency-based transactions. ”  Kelly pointed to the problem posed by a currency like bitcoin with rapidly fluctuating value. “People want a fair exchange of value when they’re buying something, so if it costs $100, I want to pay $100,” he said.  If you are paying for something that is “bouncing around at the level bitcoin’s bouncing around, and think about ‘buy ahead ’ kinds of transactions” – such as an airline ticket or a car – “If you’re using bitcoin, when is it valued?” he asked – when you buy it, when you use it?  Kelly said he currently views bitcoin as a speculative commodity as opposed to a method of payment.  A Commodity, Not A Payment System  “I don ’t view it as payment system player, ” he said. ”My take is that bitcoin is much more today a commodity that somebody could invest in; and honestly, somewhat of a speculative commodity that people can invest in. ”  Depending on when a person invested in bitcoin in the last three months of the currency ’s intense volatility, someone could have earned a lot of money, he said.  One CNBC anchor pointed out that Visa does have a bitcoin payment card through  BitPay .  Visa Terminates Bitcoin Credit Cards  However, Visa,  recently terminated its partnership with Wave Crest , a Gibraltar-based digital payment processing company, effectively disabling bitcoin and cryptocurrency debit cards.  All of the bitcoin and cryptocurrency debit card service providers including TenX, Xapo, Coins.ph, Bitwala, BitPay and CryptoPay have been affected by the crackdown of Visa on Wave Crest. Cryptocurrency debit card service providers have been relying on Wave Crest and its Visa partnership to process cryptocurrency payments.  In 2016, BitPay introduced its bitcoin  Visa debit card  that enabled users to make payments at any Visa point-of-sale (POS) terminals and withdraw cash at Visa ATMs, anywhere across the United States.  The CNBC anchors said that Kelly’s input was one of the more direct answers they’ve gotten about bitcoin’s role in the mainstream economy.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   OKCoin: Formerly Largest Cryptocurrency Exchange in China to Launch in South Korea Twitter  Following the roadmap of its competitor Huobi, formerly the largest cryptocurrency exchange in China OKCoin will launch a trading platform in the South Korean market.  OKCoin’s South Korea Expansion  Earlier today, on January 19, local media outlets in South Korea reported that NHN Entertainment, one of the biggest multi-billion dollar game developers in the country that operates Hangame.com, has partnered with OKCoin to create an exchange within the local cryptocurrency market.  According to South Korean media outlet News 1,  OKCoin plans to list more cryptocurrencies than Bithumb and UpBit, which have integrated 10 and 30 cryptocurrencies respectively. Both Bithumb and UpBit are operated by some of the country’s most influential conglomerates including Kakao’s Dunamoo. Korbit, the third largest cryptocurrency exchange market, is operated by NXC, a $10 billion gaming company.  To compete against local trading platforms like Bithumb, Korbit, UpBit, and CoinOne, OKCoin has partnered with a major conglomerate in NHN Entertainment, to obtain sufficient resources and capital to address the South Korean market. OKCoin will also integrate 60 cryptocurrencies upon its launch, more than all of the cryptocurrency exchanges in the local market combined.  Chris Lee, the president of OKCoin, told News 1 that the company currently houses 100 full-time developers and is aiming to evolve into a global cryptocurrency exchange. Lee emphasized that in order for OKCoin to expand internationally, South Korea is an important market for the company to address and penetrate.  Last month, Huobi, another major Chinese cryptocurrency exchange that migrated to the Hong Kong cryptocurrency market, announced its partnership with Japanese financial giant SBI Holdings to expand into the Japanese and South Korean markets.  Due to the recent crackdown on cryptocurrency trading by the Chinese government, trading platforms within the Chinese market have started to expand into other major regions in Asia, such as Japan and South Korea.  Optimistic For South Korea?  Apart from OKCoin and Huobi, 10 more cryptocurrency exchanges are expected to launch in the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market over the next few months.   Evidently, if the South Korean cryptocurrency market is unstable and a trading ban is imminent, cryptocurrency exchanges would not allocate millions of dollars in development and compliance to expand into the South Korean market.  Local exchanges including Bithumb, Korbit, and Coinone, as well as exchanges overseas like Huobi and OKCoin are optimistic in regards to the regulatory roadmap of the South Korean government, given that the government has reaffirmed a cryptocurrency trading ban will not be imposed.  Recently,  as CCN reported , chairman of the Fair Trade Commission of South Korea Kim Sang-Joo, stated:  “[Shutting down cryptocurrency exchanges] is not realistically possible. Based on electronic commerce law, the government does not have the authority to close down cryptocurrency trading platforms.  From the viewpoint of an economist, it is not a fair and transparent decision to outright ban economic activity. Whether it is excessive speculation or not, the gain or the loss is the responsibility of the investor.”  Given that the South Korean government has officially refuted the claims of the Justice Minister and rejected the cryptocurrency trading ban proposal, more cryptocurrency exchanges from overseas markets will expand into the local market, to address the exponentially increasing demand for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in the global market.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Will ‘Totally Collapse,” Even if it Takes 100 Years: Nobel Prize Winner Twitter  Nobel laureate Robert Shiller is fairly confident bitcoin will collapse, but he’s not quite sure when that collapse will occur.  Shiller, a Yale University professor who won the Nobel Prize for Economics in 2013, told  CNBC  that bitcoin will likely “totally collapse and be forgotten,” although it could linger for as long as 100 years.  “It reminds me of the Tulip mania in Holland in the 1640s, and so the question is did that collapse? We still pay for tulips even now and sometimes they get expensive. (Bitcoin) might totally collapse and be forgotten and I think that ’s a good likely outcome but it could linger on for a good long time, it could be here in 100 years,” Shiller said.  Citing a  well-worn comparison  to the so-called “tulip bubble,” Shiller said that bitcoin has no value outside of the “common consensus that it has value, ” which makes it different from gold and other commodities.  “It has no value at all unless there is some common consensus that it has value. Other things like gold would at least have some value if people didn ’t see it as an investment, ” he said, adding that he “doesn’t know what to make of bitcoin ultimately.”  This is not the first time that Shiller has given bitcoin a bearish forecast. In 2014, he called bitcoin an “ amazing example of a bubble ,” adding that currency-wise it is a return “to the dark ages.” Last month, he  opined  that bitcoin’s mythology would be a “wonderful story  — if only it were true” and predicted that although it may not immediately crash to zero, it will definitely “come down” considerably.  Nor is Shiller the first Nobel winner to throw cold water on the lunar aspirations of bitcoin investors. Joseph Stiglitz, who won the award in 2001, has argued that cryptocurrency “ ought to be outlawed ” because  — in his view  — it “doesn’t serve any socially useful function.”  
DECREASE	   South Korean Officials Initiated Insider Trading, Bought Bitcoin Before Trading Ban Fiasco Twitter  According to Choi Heung Sik, the director of South Korea’s Financial Supervisory Service (FSC), the country’s integrated financial regulator that examines and supervises financial institutions, several officials and employees of the FSC sold bitcoin immediately before the premature statement on a possible cryptocurrency trading ban was released by Justice Minister Park Sang-ki.  Insider Trading Probe  In a hearing conducted by the South Korean financial committee, director Choi was asked by an opposition party’s lawmaker Ji Sang-wook about an insider trading allegation that emerged earlier this week. Ji directly inquired director Choi if one or more employees of the FSC sold bitcoin before statement of the Justice Minister was released and in response, director Choi stated,  “yes.”  As CCN previously reported, on January 11, South Korea’s Justice Minister released an independent and premature statement during a press conference that the government is planning to ban cryptocurrency trading. Merely hours later the press conference was aired on national TV, the Ministry of Strategy and Finance along with the Blue House, the executive office of President Moon  Jae-in, officially refuted the potential of imposing a cryptocurrency trading ban.  “The cryptocurrency trading ban proposal introduced by Justice Minister Park Sang-ki was a suggestion made by the Justice Ministry on December 28 to bring speculation within the cryptocurrency market under control. The proposal will be discussed and changed by the task force participated by the Ministry of Strategy and Finance, central bank, Fair Trade Commission, and other age ncies,”  said  Blue House spokesperson Jeong Ki-joon.  At a financial committee hearing, FSC director Choi admitted that several officials within the agency committed insider trading by obtaining knowledge about the Justice Ministry’s statement prior to its release and selling bitcoin immediately before the statement was introduced to the public.  Hong Nam-ki, the head of the state coordination division, clarified at the hearing that the employees or officials who are accused of initiating insider trading will be investigated and punished accordingly by law. Hong emphasized that the agency will likely enforce a law to prohibit officials within the agency from trading cryptocurrencies, as it would prevent the agency, whic h is a part of the cryptocurrency regulation task force established by the government, from being neutral and transparent in regulating the cryptocurrency market.   “The government is currently investigating into the several government officials that were alleged to have initiated insider trading. Given that it is not appropriate for a government official to trade cryptocurrencies, the agency will encourage its employees to prevent from trading cryptocurrencies i the short-term.”  Citizens Outrage  South Korean citizens, who already submitted a petition to the Blue House signed by more than 250,000 citizens to reject the cryptocurrency trading ban, were outraged once again by the negligence demonstrated by the FSC, an agency that is supposed to remain neutral for the benefit of the market and consumers.  The FSC will undeniably have to face questions on whether insider trading initiated by the officials within the agency impacted the motivation of Justice Minister to release such a statement in a press conference in the future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ripple Price Continues to Outperform Index as Market Recovers Twitter  The ripple price continued to outperform other top-tier coins as the cryptocurrency markets made slight gains against their previous-day levels.  Cryptocurrency Market Cap Nears $600 Billion  Friday ’s contribution to the recovery was not as pronounced as the one fate dealt the markets on Thursday, but the  cryptocurrency market cap  nevertheless climbed to $592 billion, a $21 billion gain that works out to an increase of about four percent.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Trades Sideways  The  bitcoin price  spent the majority of the day fluctuating between $10,600 and $11,800 and is currently trading at $11,637, placing it toward the higher end of that spectrum. Bitcoin now has a market cap of $201.3 billion, which represents a 24-hour increase of two percent.  Bitcoin Price Chart  Ethereum Price Holds Above $1,000  Like bitcoin, ethereum traded sideways on Friday but ended the day on a slight incline. At present, the  ethereum price  is $1,060, which is an increase of about four percent from yesterday and translates into a $105.7 billion market cap.  Ethereum Price Chart  Ripple Price Outperforms the Index  Ripple, meanwhile, outperformed the index for the second consecutive day. Since briefly falling below $0.90 on Wednesday, the  ripple price  has increased by nearly 100 percent.  Ripple ’s strong showing is likely connected to investor optimism over the increasing number of financial institutions who are adopting Ripple ’s blockchain technology. While only one major firm  — MoneyGram  — has implemented the XRP token itself, investors appear willing to bet that others will integrate it in the future.  Ripple Price Chart  At the time of writing, the ripple price was $1.64, which constitutes a single-day gain of 10 percent and provides XRP with a circulating market cap of $65.6 billion.  Altcoins Post Mixed Returns  Altcoins rose a combined $14 billion on Friday, but many coins and tokens made little movement or even dipped back into the red.   Bitcoin cash and EOS each rose less than one percent, while cardano made a slight decrease to $0.64. Litecoin rose by about one-and-a-half percent, but its price continues to trade below $200.  NEO posted the worst performance among top 10-cryptocurrencies, but investors are unlikely to be concerned about this two percent decline as the  “Chinese Ethereum ” is still valued at $145.  Next to ripple, the day ’s top return came from NEM, which rose just under 10 percent to lift its price back above dollar parity.  Stellar rounded out the top 10 with a one percent increase to $0.51.  
DECREASE	   Portuguese Bank Santander Totta Backs Down, Allows Bitcoin-Related Transactions Twitter  Earlier this week,  CCN reported  that Portuguese branch of Spanish bank Santander, Banco Santander Totta, was blocking bitcoin-related transactions. The financial institution was blocking the transactions while claiming cryptocurrency exchanges were transacting in non-regulated financial products. Following a backlash, the bank has seemingly backed down, and is now processing these transactions.  Santander Totta was blocking transactions to and from popular cryptocurrency exchanges like Bitstamp and Coinbase. An employee even revealed the existence of an internal directive to block transactions using Coinbase’s IBAN. This, despite Coinbase being a digital currency organization In the European Union the country’s central bank, Banco de Portugal (BdP), authorizes.  The bank’s move forced some of its clients to switch banks, while others asked consumer protection organization DECO to step in. In response,  the consumer watchdog scolded the bank  for its move, stating it has “no known legal basis” to block cryptocurrency-related transactions.  The backlash forced the bank to send the press an update on the situation, clarifying it hasn’t adopted any measures against cryptocurrencies or cryptocurrency users. The bank added that it oversees its clients’ operations to ensure they comply with applicable regulations. Its update reads (roughly translated):  “Banco Santander Totta hasn’t adopted any measures against cryptocurrencies or those who operate with them (…) Naturally not being able to comment on the activity of its clients, Banco Santander Totta reaffirms that it follows all operations carried out within its scope, always complying with supervisory rules and legal regulations applicable to each case.”  According to local publication  ECO , the backlash got to Santander Totta, as at least one client confirmed he was able to transfer funds to Coinbase. This seemingly marks a victory for bitcoin in the country, as according to the publication the bank is now allowing transactions to and from bitcoin exchanges.  Various bitcoiners were already  signing a petition  that would be sent to the Portuguese parliament once it got to 1,000 signatures. The petition claimed Santander Totta’s move was attempting to keep “Portugal in the middle ages,” and accused the bank of not acting in its clients’ interest.  Santander Totta’s blockade was seemingly incomplete, as various users reportedly managed to transact to and from other cryptocurrency exchanges like Kraken. The financial institution hasn’t yet issued a statement on reenabling bitcoin-related transactions.  Meanwhile DECO, the same organization that scolded the bank for blocking bitcoin-related transactions, recently sent the Ministry of Finance, and the European commissioner in charge of consumer defense a  proposal to tax cryptocurrency gains.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Next Up, Paying Uncle Sam Taxes in Bitcoin Twitter  The ink is barely dry on President Trump ’s tax legislation, and a new bill has surfaced in Arizona that kicks things up another notch. The bill proposes using bitcoin to pay state income taxes, and it was submitted by Senators Warren Petersen and David Farnsworth as well as Reps. Travis Grantham and Jeff Weninger, all of whom are Republicans.  SB 1091 , whose short title is  “income tax payments; bitcoin, ” was introduced on in recent days. While the bill is specific to the state of Arizona, if it takes off, there could be a push for federal adoption of a similar policy.  In addition to paying the old-fashioned way, by check, the bill suggests:  “A payment gateway, such as bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies, using electronic peer-to-peer systems. The Department shall convert cryptocurrency payments to US dollars at the prevailing rate within 24 hours after receipt and shall credit the taxpayer ’s account with the converted dollar amount. ”  The risk of doing so, of course, is tied to the volatility in the bitcoin price. For instance, the bitcoin price in 2017 ranged from $1,000 at the start of the year, to nearly $20,000 before finishing year-end at around $13,000.  Indeed, bitcoin surged by  “quadruple digits ” in 2017, and as long as it continues to do so will work in the state of Arizona ’s favor. But in the event of a correction, that exposes the state to possibly getting the short-end of the stick, unless they have some hedging features integrated into the payments system, which is the approach taken by blockchain-based P2P lender Salt Lending.  Arizona is not the maiden US state to pursue the use of cryptocurrencies for tax payments. Last year at about this time, New Hampshire policymakers submitted a similar bill designed to allow the use of bitcoin to pay taxes. That bill never saw the light of day, however, after overwhelmingly getting shot down. Policymakers took one year-plus to vote on the predecessor bill, and  if it takes that long for the latest attempt the bitcoin price could be in a different stratosphere.  Meanwhile, Arizona is somewhat progressive when it comes to new technology. Governor Doug Ducey, for instance,  supports a sharing economy,  even taking a spin in a Google self-driving car. He also signed a law in 2016 supporting blockchain and smart contracts for sales, leases, etc., perhaps seemingly setting the stage for a deeper push into cryptocurrencies. Nevada, meanwhile,  “recognizes blockchain and smart contract technologies, ” they were also the maiden state to  “ban local governments from taxing blockchain use. ”  Each state will likely take its own stance on cryptocurrencies, and more bills similar to the Arizona one could surface throughout the year, with the possible amalgamation of such policies being introduced at the federal level, someday.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Korea’s Justice Ministry Softens Crypto Exchange Ban Proposal after Backlash Twitter  The South Korean Justice Ministry has backpedaled somewhat on its proposal to brazenly shut down all domestic cryptocurrency exchanges following a public statement by the country’s Presidential Office.  Earlier today, South Korea’s Ministry of Justice organized a press conference wherein Justice Minister Park Seng-ki spoke of drawing up legislation to shutter local crypto exchanges in the country. The move would effectively halt trading of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin in the Korean market which resembled “gambling and speculation,” Park said in his briefing.  The official’s remarks have seen a backlash from everyday citizens petitioning – some 71,000 signatures and counting  – against the proposed ban to such an extent that Korea’s Presidential office, through its chief press secretary, moved to issue a statement stressing that the proposed ban was “not a finalized decision.”  The Justice’s Ministry’s proposed ban hasn’t found support from within the government either. “We do not share the same views as the Ministry of Justice on a potential cryptocurrency exchange ban,” read an official statement from the government’s Ministry of Strategy and Finance.  Following the Presidential office’s public message, the Justice Ministry has since softened its stance on its ban proposal, to an extent. Stressing that it intends to complete the draft the cryptocurrency trading closure bill, the Justice Ministry  said :  “The ministry has been preparing a special law to shut down all cryptocurrency exchanges, but we will push for it after careful consideration with related government agencies.”  As  reported  in December, any proposal to a blanket ban was certain to meet opposition within governmental ranks and it remains to be seen what curbs are to be enforced on Korea’s local cryptocurrency ecosystem, if any.  Elsewhere, South Korea’s primary financial regulator – the Financial Services Commission (FSC), is also unlikely to support any blanket ban on cryptocurrency trading. The regulator has long insisted on introducing regulations for the industry that will see licenses granted to bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchanges. “The government will push for the systemization of digital curren cy on a full scale in tandem with a global trend in the U.S., Japan and other countries,” said FSC chairman Yim Jong-yong in late 2016 when setting out to  introduce embracive regulations .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ukraine Will Regulate Bitcoin, Considers Issuing State Cryptocurrency Twitter  Ukrainian authorities have formed a working group comprised of major government watchdogs, authorities and the central bank to introduce ‘comprehensive regulation’ of the cryptocurrency sector.  A  statement  released by Ukraine’s security council yesterday reveals a prolonged discussion on the advent of cryptocurrencies in Ukraine during a meeting centered on matters related to the security and defense of the state. Participants of the meeting, which included National Security and Defense Council Secretary Oleksandr Turchynov, specifically ‘considered a complex of problems related  to the uncontrolled circulation of cryptocurrencies’ in Ukraine.  Vehemently stating that a lack of oversight into the use of cryptocurrencies “poses a threat to the economy and security of the state,” Turchynov remarked:  “Given the rapid development of cryptocurrencies in the world, this issue cannot be left out of the state’s attention. ”  To this end, senior Ukrainian officials are establishing a working group of market regulators, financial authorities and watchdogs to develop legally compatible proposals to regulate cryptocurrencies, have broader oversight into the cryptocurrency market, monitor transactions ‘with the use of  “cryptography’ and identify participants in cryptocurrency transactions. In addition, the working group will also work taxing adopters gaining income in cryptocurrency payments.  “Moreover,” the statement continued, “the authorities were assigned to develop a mechanism for ensuring access of law enforcement bodies to the data of cryptocurrency exchanges with the obligation of the given subjects to store information about all transactions within the period established by law for financial institutions and disclosure of customer information on a motivated  request.”  The working group will specifically comprise of representatives from National Bank of Ukraine, the Ministry of Finance of Ukraine, the National Securities and Stock Market Commission of Ukraine, the SSU, the National Police of Ukraine, the State Financial Monitoring Service of Ukraine, the State Fiscal Service of Ukraine and the State Service for Special Communications and Info rmation Protection of Ukraine.  The statement added:  “The development and implementation of all these measures will also include boosting international cooperation to establish a comprehensive regulation of the cryptocurrencies circulation and to avoid the criminalization of this segment. ”  Curiously, the statement also hinted at the development of a state cryptocurrency.  It read:  “The National Bank of Ukraine is considering the relevance of establishing its own cryptocurrency. ”  Ukraine’s central bank has already confirmed its intention to  establish a definitive regulatory framework  for cryptocurrencies in the country, a move that would “develop a common position on the legal status of Bitcoin and its regulation,” read a notice from the central bank in mid-2017.  Featured image from Shutterstock.     
DECREASE	   Blockchain Insider: FarmaTrust CEO on Saving Lives with Blockchain Technology Twitter  Blockchain Insider is a new column dedicated to interviewing leaders in the blockchain world. These include founders, traditional industry veterans turned ICO participants and everything in-between. The weekly interviews will cover a wide range of questions and try to explore the motivation behind blockchain-based ideas and the problems blockchain technology is being used to so lve.  A more recent trend emerging within the blockchain industry is the use and application of blockchain technology for social and humanitarian needs. The power of the blockchain is that it is essentially is borderless, scalable, and can be implemented across sectors.  FarmaTrust  is one such example. Using blockchain technology, FarmaTrust will disrupt the pharmaceutical supply chain industry, ensuring counterfeit medications are not sold or consumed around the world. From a commercial perspective, their tech stack is highly adaptable and can be immediately used by governments, NGOs, and regulators to help enhance their tracking and supply chain capabi lities.  FarmaTrust ’s CEO, Raja Sharif, took time to explain how FarmaTrust was started and provide more details on how they are looking to revolutionize the pharmaceutical industry using blockchain technology.  1. Tell us a little bit about yourself:   I am British, trained as a barrister, and have worked as head of legal for some of the largest international tech and telecoms brands. I worked in Doha Qatar, and before leaving I spent 5 years in commercial management, launching digital channels of Al Jazeera.  I also lived in San Francisco launching AJ+, the most viewed millennial digital channel in the world, and Istanbul to launch Al Jazeera Turk (Digital).  2. Quite the international background. How did you get involved with blockchain technology?  Since I am a lawyer, a few years ago I read about “smart contracts” and how lawyers would no longer be required. As I investigated it more and started to become curious about blockchain technologies. I invested in the DOA project to see how the concept would work.  Then, due to a distant family member being sick overseas, I came across the fact that there were significant counterfeit drugs in circulation. Having done my research, the extent to which can be seen in our  whitepaper , thought that blockchain would be the ideal solution to save lives.  3. What makes FarmaTrust different from competitors, such as Ambrosus?  First, we would like to make it clear that we take a collaborative approach to our business and project. We believe not only is there commercial profit to be made from this system, but it is one of the few companies that is there to service society. After all, we have a strong conviction that our project will save lives.  We also believe that the market is of a significant size to accommodate a number of companies (just like all the other commercial sectors). Over time, the companies that innovate and are able to serve the pharmaceutical companies as well as the public will win through.  In terms of competitive advantage, we believe we have the following advantages:  1. We focus on nothing other than the pharmaceutical supply chain. Our system was designed for the pharma industry from the beginning. We understand the regulations that apply, the issues that they face, and we have solutions for the supply chain participants.  2. Our system does not require any new hardware or software to work with our blockchain product. We are also tech neutral, so it doesn’t matter what systems companies are using.  3. We can work in the developed and emerging markets. In the developed markets we plug into existing ERP systems. In the emerging markets (where manual paper records are still used) we have a number of different smart phone Apps which can scan labels and collect data for us. We incentivize the pharmacies, hospitals, and warehouses in the emerging world, by giving free accounting and stock control software services, and in return we get data.  4. Our system can allow for automated payments, automated audits and automated regulatory reporting (our system is regulatory neutral).  5. Our system provides different data dashboards for different institutions (pharmaceutical, ministries of health, regulators, logistics). Each can be provided with different data consoles. This ensures that there is transparency throughout the SCM.  6. FarmaTrust can be used to automatically notify law enforcement (eg Interpol) if there are a lot of counterfeits found in a particular area and will help avoid corruption on the black market.  7. We see ourselves as a data company, so that we when we have enough data, we can use predictive supplies, so that medicines are sent to places where and when they are needed.  8. We can also use our system to avoid waste for the pharmaceutical industry, through expired drugs, and also avoid returns fraud which is endemic in the pharma industry.  9. We are also sensor neutral, so we can scan labels, but we can also use environmental sensors to ensure that medicines are kept at the correct temperature – again, avoiding waste.  10. Farmatrust is future proof. Since we are system agnostic, and we can use any edge computing sensors, we can innovate quickly and regularly, which ensures our longevity.  11. Finally, we are the only company which provides the end user with the ability to check the medicines prior to purchase to ensure that they are genuine, ensuring confidence for ecommerce.  4. What is the biggest problem currently in the pharmaceutical industry?  Currently, people are not aware of the size of the problem. It’s a $200 billion counterfeit industry (the total market is worth $1.3 trillion) and between 500,000 and 1 million people die yearly because of fake drugs.  The pharmaceutical industry is extremely conservative and innovation on the tech side is seen with some trepidation. This stalls the potential to disrupt the industry, along with a significant number of participants in the supply chain mechanism which do not want change  5. What does 2018 have in store for you guys?  In 2018, we will have our first batch of customers who will trial the system. This includes the deployment of our mobile applications and the continued development of our API ecosystem.  6. What are the 3 most important lessons you could give aspiring blockchain entrepreneurs?  First, research everything you do in depth. Second, be decisive. Third, be determined.  Disclaimer: The author has had a working or personal relationship with FarmaTrust in the past. Access to FarmaTrust management was made through the author’s personal network.   
DECREASE	   ‘Next Coin to Surge ’: Stellar Price Soars 28% after Hedge Fund Manager Pump Twitter  The stellar price surged 28 percent after cryptoasset hedge fund manager and CNBC contributor Brian Kelly said that XLM could be the  “next coin to surge. ”  Stellar Price Leaps 28 Percent  The stellar price entered 2018 knee-deep in a  breakneck 338 percent rally , rising as high as $0.92 on Jan. 4 after trading at $0.21 just one week prior. Ultimately, however, XLM failed to reach dollar parity, and the token endured a 53 percent correction that reduced its price below $0.44 on Jan. 11 during intraday trading.  On Friday, however, the stellar price leaped out of its week-long rut and began to scale the charts more quickly than any other top 10-cryptocurrency, save EOS. At present, the stellar price is trading at $0.68 on Bittrex, which represents a single-day increase of 28 percent and a 50 percent increase from its intraday low. Stellar now has a $12.4 billion market cap, which makes  it the eighth-largest cryptocurrency according to this metric.  XLM Price Chart  A plurality of stellar ’s trading volume is located on Binance, a rapidly-expanding cryptocurrency exchange that reportedly registered 240,000 users in a single hour earlier in the week. At present, more than 43 percent of all XLM trading is concentrated on this exchange, where stellar ’s token trades against BTC, ETH, and BNB. Bittrex and Poloniex comprise the majority of the remaining XLM volume.  Source: CoinMarketCap  XRP ’s Tailwinds and a CNBC Pump  The surge coincided with a  CNBC segment  in which contributor Brian Kelly  — who also founded the BKCM Digital Asset Fund  — forecast on live television that stellar could be the  “next coin to surge. ”  However, the rally could also be partially tied to the 18 percent bounce that ripple received after money transfer service MoneyGram announced that it would  adopt the XRP token  in an open-ended trial.  While ripple and stellar are completely separate projects  — apart from sharing a co-founder in Jed McCaleb  — stellar has tended to ride ripple ’s tailwinds in recent weeks, perhaps because it is (rightly or wrongly) viewed by some investors as a  “poor man ’s XRP. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Portuguese Bank Santander Totta Blocks Bitcoin-Related Transactions Twitter  Banco Santander Totta, the Portuguese branch of Spanish bank Santander, is reportedly halting bitcoin-related transactions, according to  local publication ECO . Per the publication, the bank has recently started blocking transactions from various cryptocurrency exchanges, claiming these exchanges are transacting in non-regulated financial products.  In an email the bank sent to a client who complained he couldn’t transfer funds from the San-Francisco based exchange Coinbase to his bank account, the bank stated that Coinbase is an entity dedicated to buying and selling digital currencies, and that Santander Totta doesn’t transact operations related to unregulated digital currencies, meaning the clients’ transactions would n ever go through.  According to ECO, a who client managed to speak with a bank employee through a personalized service dubbed “Superlinha” claims the employee confirmed the existence of an internal directive to block transfers using Coinbase’s IBAN. On social media, the issue has seemingly been initially brought up near the end of 2017, a few days before Christmas. In response, various users simp ly changed banks.  Coinbase isn’t the only platform Santander Totta is refusing to process transactions from. Earlier this week, a Facebook user revealed that Bitstamp wasn’t an option for Santander Totta’s clients, as Bitstamp informed him that the bank wasn’t processing transactions that “originate from bitcoin-related businesses.”   The blockade doesn’t seem to be complete, however, as various reportedly manage to send and receive funds from other cryptocurrency exchanges such as Kraken. Others, in an attempt to bypass Santader Totta’s move, have been omitting the recipient’s name when transferring the funds. Notably, Santander Totta reportedly processes transaction in Ripple’s XRP token.  As reported by CCN, Portugal’s central bank, Bank of Portugal, has in the past stated that  bitcoin has no legal tender in the country , nor a central authority controlling it. Nevertheless, there are several digital currency organizations in the European Union the financial regulator authorizes, and  Coinbase is one of them .  In an attempt to know more, ECO contacted the central bank, which didn’t address Santander Totta’s blockade, but instead just restated that bitcoin has no central authority controlling it, and that, given the lack of regulations, no cryptocurrency-related business has to register with the financial institution.  A few banks in the country, including Banco CTT, Caixa Geral de Depósitos, and Novo Banco revealed potential clients can use their services to transfer to and from regulated cryptocurrency exchanges.  Others, including Montepio and BPI, refused to comment, although various users claim no transactions are blocked. As reported by CCN, Portugal is a country that wants to  tax bitcoin users  despite a lack of regulations, and in which the  Securities Market Commission (CMVM) is supervising banks and brokerages  on the “bitcoin euphoria.”  Last year,  Bank of Portugal issued a warning against OneCoin , the purported altcoin scheme widely seen as a scam The country’s Finance Minister and Eurogroup president Mário Centeno, as reported, has stated he is confident  regulators are overseeing bitcoin’s impact .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Korea ’s Opposition Party Rallies Against Proposed Cryptocurrency Trading Ban Twitter  As recently  reported by CCN , the cryptocurrency market took a hit after the South Korea Ministry of Justice revealed it plans to continue drafting a cryptocurrency trading ban bill. The market soon  started to recover , after the South Korea Ministry of Strategy and Finance came forward and stated that it does not support nor agree with the Ministry of Justice’s ban proposal.  Any draft legislation would require the parliament’s approval, which could take months to happen. Moreover, the timing seems odd at best, with local elections upcoming this year. Cryptocurrencies are popular in South Korea, so much so that a  petition opposing the potential ban  already gathered nearly 100,000 signatures.  Several South Korean opposition parties, according to local news outlet  Hani , took advantage of the trading ban fiasco, by pointing out that instead of cracking down on cryptocurrency exchanges, regulations should be drafted, and that there should be “detailed review and coordination” on the subject.  A spokesperson for an opposition party notably pointed out that a lot of people lost money because of the government’s announcement. The spokesperson said (roughly translated):  “The government announcement should be based on detailed reviews and coordination. If there is a problem, we should warn and prepare in advance, the behavior we showed today was the opposite.”  The spokesperson further added that if there is the possibility of tax evasion through cryptocurrency trading, that possibility should be discussed so as to arrange a “taxation plan as soon as possible,” similarly implying a ban on cryptocurrency exchanges isn’t the right move.  Per the opposition party, the fear, uncertainty and doubt (FUD) spread by the South Korean Ministry of Justice unfairly punished local investors and effectively turned them into “gamblers” in what it deemed a policy of seclusion.  Taking into account that “a lot of people’s property has evaporated,” the spokesperson added that president Moon Jae-in should “apologize to the people and take appropriate measures.” Given the backlash, that saw petitions being filed and opposition parties rally against the move, South Korea’s Ministry of Justice  softened its stance on the ban  proposal to an extent.  South Korea’s primary financial regulator, the Financial Services Commission (FSC), is unlikely to support a ban, as it has long insisted on introducing regulations that will see cryptocurrency exchanges be granted licenses. In 2016,  FSC chairman Yim Jong-yong stated  that the government would push for the “systemization of digital currency on a full scale in tandem with a global trend in the U.S., Japan and other countries.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   China ’s Bitcoin Miners Begin Exodus amid Government Crackdown Twitter  Some news reports have started to emerge indicating that China may discourage  bitcoin mining  operations in the country by curbing their access to electricity. The move, however, may not affect all miners as the People’s Bank of China has only laid down a plan affecting  a small subset  of all mining companies in a meeting held on January 3, 2018. Part of the plan also involves keeping track of the  electricity consumed  by such large-scale operations and debating whether they are unfairly affecting power prices in the areas around them. An official in the Xinjiang province  told the Wall Street Journal  that the Chinese government had sent notices to local agencies and that he would be doing “what the country wants.”  In anticipation of such a restrictive policy being introduced, industry leaders with expansive mining operations have already been looking at other options overseas. Jiang Zhuoer, the founder of China’s third largest bitcoin mining pool, BTC.TOP, revealed in an interview with  Bloomberg  that the company  “chose Canada because of the relatively cheap cost, and the stability of the country and policies”.  According to Wu Jihan, CEO of the Chinese company  Bitmain  , his company is responsible for the production of around 70 percent of all bitcoin mining rigs currently in use. Bitmain also runs two of China’s largest bitcoin mining pools and is currently moving its regional headquarters to Singapore. It has also managed to set up its operations in the United States and Canada. Based off a report from the Swiss newspaper  Handelszeitung , Bitmain has also established a subsidiary in Switzerland, which a company spokesperson said was chosen because it is “one of the most progressive countries…with good legal stability”. Likewise, ViaBTC, the fourth largest pool is also eliminating its dependence on China by starting its mining operations in North America and Iceland.  Philip Gradwell, chief economist at Chinalysis Inc, a blockchain analysis firm, stated in an interview with the Wall Street Journal:  “If China really does switch off all the minters suddenly, there could be a very high level of disruption. It’s very hard to estimate back-of-the-envelope how big an impact would be.”  He also believes that bitcoin could be in trouble, at least for a few weeks, before the network would be able to readjust the rate of mining new coins.  Arthur Hayes, CEO of the Chinese cryptocurrency exchange BitMEX, said:  “I don’t think miners have been sitting on their hands. Some people have already moved their hardware out of China.”  China, being an industrial nation, offers enterprises inexpensive electricity among other utilities. This is an especially important consideration since Digiconomist  estimates  that the annual power consumption due to bitcoin mining is a staggering 37.8 TWh, surpassing the total consumption of several nations, or 3.5 million average US households. Mining activities are, therefore, only profitable in the event that the electricity available to the parent companies is heavily subsidized. China can offer such discounts on energy prices due to its massiv e investment in coal and hydropower.  Studies have repeatedly shown that Chinese bitcoin miners account for a rather large percentage of the total bitcoin mining efforts worldwide. In fact, as much as 71 percent of all bitcoin mining pools are based in the country, at least as of mid 2017. The  Chinese government’s crackdown  on Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) and cryptocurrency exchanges in September, 2017 may have deterred some of them, but the country is still home to a lion’s share of the mining efforts.  The ASIC (Application Specific Integrated Circuit) hardware used to mine bitcoin and other similar proof-of-work based cryptocurrencies are also almost exclusively manufactured in China, making it readily accessible for mining businesses in bulk quantities. As a whole, the Chinese have a relatively large monopoly over the cryptocurrency mining ecosystem, both in terms of market  share and manufacturing.  China’s move to ban bitcoin miners, even selectively so, is likely in response to recent reports  indicating the scale and extent  of power consumption due to bitcoin mining. As the cryptocurrency ecosystem grows and bitcoin’s usage progressively increases as it has for several years now, the electricity usage is only expected to continue rising with time.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ripple Price Earns MoneyGram Bounce as Market Recovers from Mid-Week Dip Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets achieved a near-comprehensive advance on Friday, bolstered by several reports that South Korea was not currently seeking a blanket ban on cryptocurrency trading. The ripple price headlined the day after MoneyGram revealed that it would adopt XRP in an open-ended pilot, while every other top 15-coin or token rose against the dollar as well.  These rallies combined to lift the cryptocurrency market cap by nearly $40 billion, from $673 billion on Thursday to $712 billion today  — a 24-hour increase of six percent.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Flirts with $14,000  The  bitcoin price  rose about three percent for the day, bringing it close to $14,000 on all major exchanges. On Bitfinex, the bitcoin price briefly surpassed that mark this morning but had subsided to $13,852 by the time of writing, although the flagship cryptocurrency ’s global average held at $14,180 due to higher premiums on Binance and bitFlyer. This provides bitcoin with a $238.2 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart  The moderate rally was spurred by  reports  that  — contrary to suggestions in an earlier statement from South Korea ’s Ministry of Justice  — the government ’s cryptocurrency task force had not decided to  ban cryptocurrency trading  in the country.  Ethereum Price Inches Past $1,200  The  ethereum price  also posted a three percent increase, enabling it to inch back above the $1,200 barrier on Bitfinex and other major exchanges. At present, the global average ethereum price is trading at $1,240, which translates into $120.3 billion market cap.  Ethereum Price Chart  Ripple Price Soars on MoneyGram Bounce  Neither bitcoin or ethereum could match the performance of ripple, however. The third-ranked cryptocurrency soared by 18 percent after money transfer service MoneyGram announced that it would  adopt XRP  in an open-ended blockchain payments trial. At present, the  ripple price  is valued at just below $2 on Bittrex, while its global average is $2.06. This gives ripple a circulating market cap of $79.6 billion.  Ripple Price Chart  EOS and Stellar Lead the Pack  The majority of top 100-ranked altcoins rose against the dollar on Friday, but EOS and stellar returned what were far and away the best single-day performances.   The bitcoin cash price rose by four percent to $2,556, while fifth-ranked cardano increased by eight percent to $0.73. EOS, meanwhile, exploded by 48 percent after the company teased that it will  livestream an announcement  from Seoul on Saturday.  Litecoin, ranked seventh, rose by four percent to $239, and NEM added eight percent to crack the $12 billion market cap threshold.  Next to EOS, the stellar price posted the best performance among top 10-cryptocurrencies, rising 36 percent after CNBC contributor Brian Kelly told viewers that it could be the  “ next coin to surge . ”  IOTA rounded out the top 10 with a six percent increase to $3.60, which raised the token ’s market cap to just above $10 billion.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ripple Price Surges 18%, as MoneyGram Finds Use Case for XRP Twitter  Over the past 24 hours, the price of Ripple’s native cryptocurrency XRP has increased by more than 18 percent, recovering back to $2 after dipping below $1.7 during a major cryptocurrency market correction that occured on January 11.   Ripple Surges in Value  Analysts have attributed the recent increase in the value of XRP to the newly established strategic partnership between Ripple Labs and MoneyGram, one of the largest remittance companies in the global industry behind Western Union, the $9 billion remittance giant.  With a market valuation of just under $700 million, MoneyGram operates a major remittance network with around  350,000 agents , processing payments for tens of millions of users on a regular basis.  Earlier today,  as CCN reported , Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse announced that MoneyGram will begin using Ripple’s blockchain network and its cryptocurrency XRP to process international payments.   “The payments problem doesn’t just affect banks, it also affects companies like MoneyGram, which help people get money to the ones they care about,” said Garlinghouse. “By using a digital asset like XRP that settles in three seconds or less, our clients can move money as quickly as information.”  Alex Holmes, chief executive officer of MoneyGram, explained that the company will begin using Ripple’s blockchain solution xRapid, a service developed specifically for payment providers and other financial institutions for liquidity cost reduction, to seamlessly process payments for its global customer base.  The announcement of MoneyGram immediately led to the surge in the value of Ripple. Prior to the January 11 correction, the market valuation of Ripple remained below $67 billion. The partnership between Ripple and MoneyGram added a staggering $13 billion to Ripple’s market valuation, allowing RIpple to recover to its previous levels.  Since CoinMarketCap had removed the trading prices of the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market, the price and the market cap of Ripple have struggled to recover. From $147 billion, within one week, the Ripple network’s market valuation fell by over $67 billion, an unprecedented drop in market cap in the cryptocurrency market.   In late December, Ripple had demonstrated a meteoric rise in value, overtaking the Ethereum network in market valuation and appealing to the South Korean exchange market with its cheap tokens. Regardless of the market valuation, which is the accurate depiction of the value of a cryptocurrency, casual traders and newcomers tend to consider the price of the cryptocurrency more than the market cap.  Demand for Ripple Still High  Thus, for the majority of investors that are new to the space, a $3 token of XRP seems substantially cheaper than the $300 Litecoin, even if the Ripple network is significnatly larger than Litecoin by market cap. The advantage of having cheap tokens led the South Korean exchange market to drive the price of XRP up by massive margins.  In the South Korean exchange market, regardless of the recent cryptocurrency trading ban fiasco, XRP is being traded at nearly $3. The demand for Ripple has increased over the past two days, largely triggered by the long-term plan of MoneyGram to utilize XRPs in processing international payments.  Click  here  for a real-time Ripple price chart.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   EOS Price Spikes 40% as South Korea Cryptocurrency Market Recovers From FUD Twitter  EOS has surpassed $9 billion in market valuation for the first time in history, recording a daily gain of over 40 percent as the South Korea cryptocurrency exchange market recovered from the trading ban FUD.   EOS Popular in South Korea  Over the past 48 hours, the global cryptocurrency market struggled to rebound from a major correction triggered by South Korea Ministry of Justice head Park Sang-ki’s premature statement on a cryptocurrency trading ban, which was refuted by the country’s Ministry of Strategy and Finance, and the Blue House, the executive office of President Moon Jae-in.  Upon the fallout of the cryptocurrency trading ban proposal by the Justice Ministry, cryptocurrencies heavily concentrated in the South Korean market in terms of daily trading volume and user base have increased in value. Cryptocurrencies like Zcash, Qtum, Monero, and EOS that have nearly 50 percent of their daily trading volumes processed on South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges have increased significantly in value.  In the South Korean market, EOS has gained popularity due to its relatively cheap tokens and Ethereum-like ecosystem. Built on top of the Ethereum protocol, EOS powers decentralized applications with a flexible and scalable network. Each EOS token is worth about $11, which is substantially lower than that of Ethereum’s Ether, which is valued at $1,260.  Newcomers and beginner traders in the cryptocurrency exchange market often tend to evaluate the potential growth capacity of cryptocurrencies based on their price, not market cap. For instance, many investors in the South Korean market believe that Litecoin is worth more than Ripple, because Litecoin costs more than $250, while Ripple costs less than $3.  “For new investors in crypto, think in market cap. Not price per coin. Market cap gives an estimate of the potential growth. Price per coin doesn ’t mean anything as the supply for each altcoin differs. $0.1 per coin doesn ’t mean it ’s cheap. $100 per coin doesn ’t mean it ’s expensive,”  explained cryptocurrency trader Squeeze.  But, the vast majority of investors in emerging markets like South Korea still have not grasped the concept of market valuation and evaluate cryptocurrencies based on the price of individual tokens. As such, the popularity of EOS increased in South Korea because it functions and operates similarly as Ethereum and Cardano but is cheaper in price.  Currently, Bithumb, the second largest cryptocurrency exchange in the global market based in Seoul, is processing $1.3 billion worth of EOS, as the second most traded cryptocurrency in the South Korean market. The EOS trading volume on Bithumb is larger than bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, Monero, Dash, and Zcash combined.  Short-Term Trend  In the short-term, cryptocurrencies with a strong consumer base in South Korea such as Monero, EOS, ZCash, Qtum, Ripple, and Ethereum will likely surge in value, as the entire cryptocurrency market recovers from the recent correction.  Ripple and Ethereum have also large communities and followers in the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market, which has been driving the price of most of the abovementioned cryptocurrencies up over the past several months.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   The  ‘Bitcoin Bucket ’: KFC Canada Accepts Bitcoin for Fried Chicken Twitter  The biggest name in fried chicken has launched a cryptocurrency-themed “Bitcoin Bucket,” and yes, you can pay for it using the flagship cryptocurrency.  KFC Canada Launches  ‘Bitcoin Bucket ’  KFC Canada began the publicity stunt on Thursday, advertising the Bitcoin Bucket on social media and  livestreaming its price in bitcoin , which constantly fluctuates based on the exchange rate of $20 CAD, the product’s fiat price.   KFC Canada presents The  #Bitcoin  Bucket. Sure, we don’t know exactly what Bitcoins are, or how they work, but that shouldn’t come between you and some finger lickin’ good chicken.  https://t.co/2OKuCHk5Hb   pic.twitter.com/UwaduB8toi  — KFC Canada (@kfc_canada)  January 11, 2018   Unfortunately, the Bitcoin Bucket is not available at your local restaurant, but customers lucky enough to live within one of KFC’s Canadian delivery zones can schedule evening deliveries through Jan. 19 at 8 pm EST.  “Apologies, rest of the world, ” the product description reads.  For the few customers who are interested in what is actually in the bucket, it includes 10 original recipe tenders, waffle fries, a medium side, medium gravy, and two dips.  The company is partnering with BitPay to accept bitcoin payments for the meal, but Luddites can still complete the purchase using fiat currency to avoid the rising transaction fees now associated with bitcoin payments. However, the company is purportedly considering  updating the promotion  to include altcoin payments.  ‘Avoid Bucket FOMO ’  KFC’s corporate Twitter account is known for its hilarious antics  — the company sent a custom portrait to the first person who discovered  why the account only followed the Spice Girls and six people named Herb   — and KFC Canada lived up to this reputation in its tweets promoting the product.  In addition to warning customers to stay away from alt-recipes, the company advised customers to “Avoid Bucket FOMO” and buy the dip (they offer five different kinds).   Give us your Bitcoins. Then tell us how to spend a Bitcoin.  #BitcoinBucket   https://t.co/QUTJN809H5  — KFC Canada (@kfc_canada)  January 11, 2018   The company has even concocted a plan to discover the true identity of Satoshi Nakamoto, bitcoin ’s pseudonymous creator without whom the Bitcoin Bucket would never have become a reality.   If Satoshi reveals his true identity, his bucket is on us.  #BitcoinBucket  — KFC Canada (@kfc_canada)  January 11, 2018   So place an order  — if you ’re lucky, maybe they ’ll even throw in some  blockchain-themed iced tea .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   InsurePal Welcomes Bitcoin Pioneer Charlie Shrem to Its Advisory Board, Sold-Out Pre-ICO Twitter  This is a sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  InsurePal , the world’s first social proof insurance platform, is proud to welcome Bitcoin pioneering evangelist, Charlie Shrem to its illustrious advisory board. Charlie Shrem joins InsurePal as business development advisor, bringing an unparalleled wealth of rich entrepreneur experience to the future of insurance on the blockchain.   “I’m excited to join the advisory team on this project, and our company, Crypto IQ, is getting involved as well,” Charlie declared. “InsurePal is a very interesting concept, and I like to get involved in blockchain projects that are not finance-related. This team has its past success. It has been involved with other companies   and has performed well. I believe we can be the bridge between crypto and non-crypto insurance, which will be a very interesting thing.”  As an advisor, Charlie has been instrumental in the successful launch of over a dozen blockchain startups and the initiation of numerous partnerships between crypto and non-crypto Enterprises. His recently founded media and advisory company, Crypto.IQ, boosts of a team of seasoned Wall Street veterans that aims to bring simplicity and clarity to the crypto industry. Same thing InsurePal will do for the insurance industry.  “InsurePal will bring this innovative concept of social proof and blockchain insurance to the people who have yet to be involved in crypto and provide an insurance solution for them,” Shrem said. “That is the most interesting part of it.”  World-class Team  Charlie Shrem and Crypto.IQ join a   world-class team of experts , partnering to harness the power of social proofing on the blockchain.   InsurePal’s  next-generation peer-to-peer insurance platform solution reinvents the industry through social proof endorsements. The   award-winning platform  replaces the traditional  – and often draconic  – process of insurance coverage, offering not only a revolutionary new standard of coverage for the industry, but also bringing legitimacy to blockchain businesses.  Charlie will help InsurePal become a bridge between tradition and innovation that will shape the insurance industry moving forward.  Raising The Bar  InsurePal embeds social proof  – the inbuilt mechanism representing our moral compasses  – as a form of financial commitment on the network.   Social proof endorsement  allows both businesses and individuals access insurance coverage at a lower cost based on Trustscores.   InsurePal’s Trustscore  is a risk-aware measurement metric for ascertaining performance on the network. Endorsers are scored based on the performance of their endorsee.  At the prestigious   d10e pitching contest  in Ljubljana and Bucharest, InsurePal took home the top prizes indicating its resonance with the community and their backing of the platform’s bold reinvention of the industry.  Strategic Partnership  With cryptos expanding from mere speculative vehicles to real-world solution assets, InsurePal has signaled its intention to bring legitimacy to the crypto industry through strategic partnership. By synergizing with key players in the industry, the platform is poised to bridge the divide between cryptos and mainstream market, the first step towards which is the future-proofing of blockchain-based ventures.  Through its collaborative agreement with the first Internet of Agreements infrastructure platform, Mattereum, InsurePal will further the adoption of blockchain technology by providing insurance and arbitration for all business transactions on the blockchain  Sold Out Presale  InsurePal is also pleased to announce that its whitelist presale has successfully reached its hard cap and has now ended. 70% (140,700,000) of IPL tokens were sold, raising $12 million for the further development of the platform. The public is invited to join its public token crowdsale on January 16th and be a part of the future of insurance on the blockchain.  Find out more about InsurePal’s disruption of the insurance industry   here  Read the   White  or   Light  paper  Join the conversation on   Telegram  Watch the explainer video about   Personal  and   Business  transaction insurance  Follow on   Telegram  
DECREASE	   Online Decentralized Marketplace PocketInns Changes the ICO Game Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Imagine a shopping mall with numerous stores, but instead of these stores being owned and run by just the shopping mall directly these are operated by a diverse set of owners providing varied services. The shopping mall has its own financial setup catering to the needs of their customers and the transaction on the entire network happens through their own currency. The shopping mall does not collect commissions and fees on every transaction that a stores transacts instead they pay the shopping mall a rent or lease.  Pocketinns is exactly that kind of a decentralised market[lace platform and their blockchain technology allows both buyers and sellers to buy and sell without worrying about commissions and fees. To monetize, Pocketinns instead relies on a flat monthly subscr iption, inspired by the barter system where everyone works together on a single platform as a community. Online marketplaces are in a way a representative of this concept and they are becoming increasingly popular.  Forrester Research  Retail Dive Reports as saying, “Last year, shoppers did half of their online spending through marketplaces, and that could rise to two-thirds in five years.” As such there is a great deal of interest in this segment of the internet, which is currently dominated by big names like Amazon, eBay, Rakuten etc. Shopper interest in these markets has also been increasing as Retail Dive elaborates further, “More than a quarter (26%) of European online shoppers used Amazon to research their most recent product prior to purchase, more than the 21% who used a physical store. Shoppers in Japan, India and China were the most likely to turn to marketplaces over other sources to get information on potential purchases, the study found.”  It is amidst such a backdrop of a surge in online marketplaces that the world’s first decentralised blockchain based community driven marketplace ecosystem is being built by  Pocketinns  with the beta version already in place. This market place would be a platform for consumers as well as online retailers. The benefit of blockchain would ensure that there is an increased amount of trust and safety baked into the platform, while also both the sellers experience benefits like safety, value and savings.  Pocketinns ICO to set standards for token sales  Pocketinns will be holding a token auction for PINNS following the Dutch Auction model. Dutch auctions or reverse auctions work with the principle that a high price is lowered by investor participation as bids are made to lower the price, this is done till sufficient buyers are found at a particular price point. The PINNS token will be sold in blocks, with the Initial Coin Offering (ICO) starting on January 15, 2018 till January 31, 2018. The auction will come to an end if 30 mln PINNS tokens are sold, a hard cap of US$ 46 mln is raised in  Ethereum  (ETH) or at the end of 16 days. There will be no pre-sale, this has been done deliberately to bring more transparency into the token sale. Pocketinn investors will be safeguarded against a runoff sale by not having this type of bonus tokens on pre-sale incentives given to select investors. In a  blog , the CEO of Pocketinn talks about their decision not to go for the presale, “It’s our biggest risk as a project, as we outright rejected big money offered for discounts on our tokens. But the decision was made as a team. We know we’re working to redefine how the cryptocurrency space is operating.” This approach could act as a beacon  for the coming ICOs  to enshrine a higher level of transparency into their issues and a successful Pocketinns ICO is a precursor of the changes that can be ushered into the ICO space, making the whole process more favourable to investor interests.   Transparency to protect the community  While the decision to not hold a pre-sale or do bonus token distribution is one fa
DECREASE	   Visa Crackdown on Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency Debit Cards Has No Big Impact Twitter  Visa, the $270 billion financial service provider and credit card network, has terminated its partnership with Wave Crest, a Gibraltar-based digital payment processing company, effectively disabling bitcoin and cryptocurrency debit cards.  TenX, Xapo, Coins.ph, Bitwala, BitPay, CryptoPay, Users All Affected  All of the bitcoin and cryptocurrency debit card service providers including TenX, Xapo, Coins.ph, Bitwala, BitPay, and CryptoPay have been affected by the crackdown of Visa on Wave Crest. Cryptocurrency debit card service providers have been relying on Wave Crest and its Visa partnership to process cryptocurrency payments.  The immediate termination of partnership between Visa and Wave Crest led to the abrupt closure of cryptocurrency debit card services provided by many companies in the cryptocurrency sector.  “We can confirm that Wave Crest’s Visa membership is being terminated due to non-compliance with our operating rules. All Wave Crest-issued Visa card programmes will be closed as a result. The termination of Wave Crest’s Visa membership does not affect other Visa issuers’ card programmes, including those using fiat funds converted from cryptocurrency,”  said Visa in a statement.  Users of Xapo, TenX, BitWala, and BitPay, which amount to several millions, have been told that they will no longer be able to utilize their cryptocurrency debit cards. Xapo, which has been operating one of the most widely utilized bitcoin debit card platforms, told its users in an official statement that it will explore new methods the company can implement to revive its crypt ocurrency debit card venture.  On January 5, Anni Rautio, head of Xapo Debit Card,  wrote:  “As of January 4th, 2018, Wave Crest Holdings, Ltd. issuer of the the Xapo Card Program, was instructed by Visa to cancel all its Visa Programs effective immediately. As a result, all the cards of the Xapo Cards Program were deactivated.  We’re already exploring various alternative card solutions. While we are not ready to announce anything yet, looking for potential new card issuers has been (and continues to be) at the forefront of our mission.”  Other cryptocurrency debit card service providers issued similar statements, and reassured their users that they will seek out new ways to roll out debit card services to users.   The Bitwala team also stated, “following an announcement from our card issuer on behalf of Visa Europe, Bitwala cards are taken out of operation starting today. Our team is holding an emergency meeting to resolve the issue with the card holders ’ best interest in mind and will make an update shortly.”  No Big Impact  Visa’s abrupt termination of its partnership with Wave Crest has not impacted the cryptocurrency sector and companies within it at a large scale, contrary to the expectations of analysts. With the exception of TenX, which operates a cryptocurrency of its own that solely revolves around the debit card venture of the company, Visa’s termination of cryptocurrency debit card servic es have not had a big impact on the price of bitcoin.  The recent Visa and Wave Crest fiasco has demonstrated to the users and investors within the cryptocurrency market that the bitcoin industry is not dependent on a single company or a service provider to maintain its user base and user activity.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Jamie Dimon  ‘Regrets ’ Bitcoin ‘Fraud’ Remark, Remains Uninterested Twitter  JPMorgan Chase chief executive Jamie Dimon has admitted “regrets” to his now infamous remark from last year when the Wall Street banker called bitcoin a “fraud”.  It was in September 2017 and a banking conference when Dimon called bitcoin a “ fraud ” that was “worse than tulip bulbs”. A longstanding critic, Dimon also threatened to fire employees trading bitcoin.  Now, the high-profile Wall Street figure has backpedaled on those remarks and softening his stance in a televised interview with  FOX Business Network , stating “I regret making them.”  He stated:  “The bitcoin to me was always what the governments are gonna feel about bitcoin as it gets really big, and I just have a different opinion than other people. I’m not interested that much in the subject at all. ”  Dimon went on to separate bitcoin from blockchain technology, as  he has done  for several years now.  “The blockchain is real. You can have crypto yen and dollars and stuff like that. ICO ’s you have to look at individually,” he stated. Fuelled by cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ethereum’s ether, initial coin offerings (ICOs) are a radical new form fundraising that has proven both proven controversial and successful.  Dimon has long stuck with his dismissive stance on bitcoin. “Bitcoin is like 2 billion dollars or 3 billion dollars,” he said of the cryptocurrency’s market cap belittlingly in 2015. “We (JP Morgan) move 6 trillion, a day. So you’ve got to (put it in perspective,” Dimon claimed, adding that bitcoin was going “ nowhere .” Two years later, bitcoin had  surpassed  the market valuation of JPMorgan Chase, albeit briefly, and the entire cryptocurrency market cap is now is now three-quarters of a trillion dollars.  Featured image from Flickr/ FORTUNE Global Forum .  
DECREASE	   TRON’s Whitepaper Appears to Plagiarize from Filecoin and IFPS Twitter  A whitepaper published by decentralized content distribution platform TRON appears to plagiarize at least two whitepapers written by Protocol Labs, the creator of both IPFS and Filecoin.  TRON Accused of Plagiarizing Filecoin, IPFS Whitepapers  The charge was brought to light on Sunday, when  Protocol Labs  founder Juan Benet tweeted out a picture alleging that at least 9 pages of TRON’s English language version whitepaper were copied from either the IPFS or Filecoin papers, both of which Benet had co-written with other members of Protocol Labs.   Wow! Absurd! TRON 's  "paper " is mostly copied from other projects, or is super basic p2p passed off as original. Zero references.  Archived that PDF in IPFS, in case they take it down:  https://t.co/jv7EuSYenL   pic.twitter.com/GbiL7MUrnc  — Juan Benet (@juanbenet)  January 7, 2018   A closer inspection of the documents appears to confirm those charges, as there are multiple instances in which extended portions of  TRON’s whitepaper  closely mirror text from either the  Filecoin  or  IPFS  papers.  In most instances, the text does not appear to have been copied word-for-word. However, the similarities in both vocabulary and structure throughout extended sections of the paper give the impression that at least portions of the TRON paper are little more than sloppy rewrites of those by Protocol Labs.  This is further evidenced by the fact that while the sections convey fundamentally the same information, the Protocol Labs papers always exhibit more detail and, when applicable, cite sources.  For example, these sections describe the BitSwap Strategy as it applies to nodes within their respective networks.  Sources: TRON/IPFS  In another example, TRON ’s paper even appears to pull charts from that of Filecoin:  Sources: TRON/Filecoin  The most damning fact is that TRON’s whitepaper does not cite any references, which at the bare minimum violates the  Creative Commons license  under which the IPFS whitepaper was published, which allows for reuse with attribution.  TRON Removes Whitepapers From Site But Does Not Admit to Plagiarism  Plagiarism runs rampant in the burgeoning initial coin offering (ICO) space, but, as the 10th-largest cryptocurrency with a circulating market cap of $9.4 billion, TRON is undoubtedly the most high-profile project caught engaging in the practice.  CCN has not confirmed whether the apparent plagiarism is isolated to the English version of the whitepaper or whether it is present in the Chinese version as well.  TRON had not responded to a request for comment by the time this article was written. However, CEO Justin Sun stated the following on Twitter:  “Our original version of the whitepaper is in Chinese and we have a very detailed reference to the latest Chinese version. The English, Korea, Japanese and Spanish versions are translated by the volunteers. The translation missed numerous important details not just reference, ” Sun  said .  Despite this assertion, TRON removed both the English and Chinese versions of its whitepaper from its website, as can be seen by viewing an  archived version  of the site through the Internet Archive’s Wayback Machine.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Israel Central Bank Refuses to Recognize Bitcoin as a Currency Twitter  Israel’s central bank has said it will not recognize cryptocurrencies like bitcoin as a currency nor a foreign currency as it does “not fit the legal definition” nor “fill the main functions of currency.”  In a  speech  on Monday, Bank of Israel deputy governor Nadine Baudot-Trajtenberg revealed the central bank’s official position on the recognition and regulation of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. The central bank official also admitted fielding a number of public complaints about banks making it difficult to move fiat money from their accounts to purchase cryptocurrencies while adding it wo uld be “difficult” to issue regulations for cryptocurrencies.  Pointedly, she stated:  “Bitcoin and similar virtual currencies are not a currency, and are not considered foreign currency. The Bank of Israel’s position is that they should be viewed as a financial asset, with all that entails.  The official was speaking at a finance committee meeting specifically convened to address the increasing adoption and use of cryptocurrencies.  Bitcoin Doesn’t Fit “Legal Definition” of Currency  “Bitcoin and similar currencies do not fit the legal definition of a currency or foreign currency,” Baudot-Trajtenberg said, arguing that they do not fulfill the core functions of a currency. The measure of confidence from its users is a critical element of a currency, the central bank said, stressing that this confidence only comes from a currency deemed legal tender with lega l backing.  She added:  “[A currency] fulfills the functions ascribed to it in the economic literature—a unit of account,  an mean of payment,  and stability that enables it serve as a store of value.  None of these exist with Bitcoin or similar currencies, which are characterized by higher volatility, difficulty in making transactions, and a lack of certainty regarding the parties that stand behind i t. ”  Banking Blockade? Deal With It  Addressing customer concerns about using their fiat money to buy cryptocurrencies, she stressed that banks face compliance risks, particularly when fiat funds swapped into cryptocurrencies “may be used to launder money, finance crime and so forth.”  A citizen who transfers his fiat money “to an exchange where virtual currencies are sold may later transfer the money anonymously to any unreliable party in Israel or abroad,” the deputy governor reasoned, claiming the bank will have to bear responsibility in such a scenario. This, she added, is why banks must define their own parameters in providing services to customers inter ested in adopting cryptocurrencies. As such, she absolved the central bank of weighing into the matter and having a say in how banks manage their customers’ cash, when they’re interested in cryptocurrencies.  She stated:  “[A]s far as we know, no banking regulator anywhere in the world has issued guidelines to the banking system on how to act in relation to customers’ activity in virtual currencies.”  Bitcoin Could Be “Central to Our Financial Lives,” Says Panel Chairman  While the central banker stressed that the government bears no responsibility for investors in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, committee members from the panel urged authorities to develop regulations to embrace cryptocurrencies quickly.  According to Israeli publication  Haaretz , panel chairman Moshe Gafni notably said of bitcoin and emerging financial technologies:  “There seems to be a great possibility that they [cryptocurrencies] will become central to our financial lives. ”  The chairman called on the central bank and other regulators to turn in a report on how to develop a regulatory framework for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies within a month. Details of an upcoming pivot to regulating – in essence recognizing – bitcoin and cryptocurrencies are currently unknown.  The central banker’s remarks on cryptocurrencies come in the weeks following a marked threat by Israel’s capital markets regulator who  proposed a ban  on cryptocurrency companies trading on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, Israel’s only public stock exchange.  Meanwhile, Israeli authorities are also working on a state cryptocurrency dubbed the ‘ digital shekel ’ that will be identical in value to its fiat currency.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	    Ethereum Alumni and Cardano Creator Predicts a Cryptocurrency Market Crash Twitter  The creator of cardano portends that the cryptocurrency markets will undergo a serious correction that will help weed out projects with poor fundamentals.  The 2017 market run-up injected hundreds of billions of dollars worth of capital into the cryptocurrency ecosystem, but many industry observers believe that the rally has been indiscriminate and could trigger a crash as investors gradually recognize that many projects have poor fundamentals.  “My personal opinion is that we ’re going to see a consolidation after a crash, ” ethereum co-founder Charles Hoskinson told  CNBC  in an interview Friday.  Hoskinson served as chief executive of the ethereum project during its early stages in late 2013 and early 2014. At present, he heads blockchain research firm IOHK, which is best known for its development of  Cardano , which currently ranks as the fifth-largest cryptocurrency by market cap.  The developer said that he believes the sheer number of cryptocurrencies with poor fundamentals makes a crash inevitable, as many of these projects are wildly-overvalued and ultimately unsustainable.  The latest punching bag for analysts who share this opinion has been  Dentacoin , a self-described “blockchain solution for the global dental industry” that currently boasts a market cap of $1.5 billion.  “What ’s going to occur is a lot of these ventures that don ’t have strong fundamentals, don ’t have good tech, or just unrealistic projects, they will eventually run into some major wall they can ’t quite overcome,” Hoskinson said. “They will fracture up and you will see a lot of them are certain to fail. ”  This, however, could not be realized for some time, as many projects raised large amounts of capital through initial coin offerings (ICOs).  Eventually, though, Hoskinson predicts that the market will undergo a crash that will consolidate capital in projects with stronger fundamentals, strengthening the industry over the long-term.  Early Ethereum Advisor Still Bullish on Near-Term Outlook  Early ethereum advisor Steven Nerayoff, however, foresees a much brighter near-term outlook for the cryptocurrency markets.  “The entire space is increasing. There is huge interest by the public and there are more areas in which the public can invest, even in bitcoin, so you could just see an expansion in the entire space, ” Nerayoff told  CNBC  on Monday.  Nerayoff, who describes himself as the  “architect ” of the Ethereum ICO, predicted that the  ethereum price  could triple over the next year, which may or may not lead to the long-anticipated  “ flippening , ” after which ethereum would rank as the most valuable cryptocurrency.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   1,000 Bitcoin Mining Rigs: Long Island Iced Tea Completes ‘Long Blockchain’ Pivot Twitter  A former beverage producer has completed a pivot into the blockchain space with the purchase of 1,000 bitcoin mining rigs from hardware producer Bitmain.  Long Blockchain Leaps Headfirst Into Bitcoin Mining Market  Long Blockchain Corp.  — formerly known as Long Island Iced Tea  — is purchasing 1,000 AntMiner S9 units, along with power supplies, for $4.2 million, according to  documents  filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and dated Jan. 4.  “We view this transaction as an important and validating initial step in the Company’s progression into blockchain technology. The commencement of our mining operations places us on a path to generating blockchain-related revenue through the accumulation of bitcoin. This platform will help support our longer-term strategy of engaging in partnerships, investments and acquisition s in the blockchain ecosystem, ” said Philip Thomas, chief executive of the company.  The transaction will be partially financed by issuing 260,000 shares of Long Blockchain common stock to the vendor, which is not named in the filing. The company also plans to issue 1.6 million shares of common stock in a bid to raise another $7.7 million in funding.  Manufactured by China-based Bitmain, the AntMiner S9 can purportedly achieve a hash rate as high as 14 TH/s, according to the company website.  Long Blockchain ’s bitcoin mining operation will be hosted in Iceland under a Master Services Agreement (MSA) with Verne Real Estate, which owns a data center in Reykjanesbaer.  Long Blockchain Avoids Nasdaq Delisting Following Rebrand  The firm is one of a  number of companies  that have sought to position themselves as leaders in the blockchain space despite having little to no industry experience.  Nearly all of these companies have seen their share prices increase significantly following the rebrands, even though the US Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) has  warned  investors that at least some of these pivots may be carefully-orchestrated scams intended to facilitate share price  “pump and dumps. ”  “Our management has relatively little experience in the blockchain technology industry,” the company acknowledged in the Friday filing, but this fact has not prevented Long Blockchain’s share price from soaring since the rebrand.  Source: Bloomberg  As CCN reported in December, the company’s share price  jumped close to 300 percent  after rebranding to Long Blockchain.  This, according to  Bloomberg , conveniently enabled the company to avoid being delisted from Nasdaq, which had threatened to do this unless the company’s market capitalization rose above $35 million for 10 consecutive business days.  At the time of writing, Long Blockchain shares were trading at $4.96, which gave the company a market cap of $48.4 million, well above the Nasdaq-imposed threshold.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)ccn.com.  
DECREASE	   Low Supply? China ’s Crackdown on Mining Could Lead to Bitcoin Price Surge Twitter  As Bloomberg and CnLedger have reported, the Chinese government intends to crackdown on the cryptocurrency mining industry in the upcoming months. Analysts have stated that the dismissal of miners in China could lead to a bitcoin price surge due to a decrease in supply.  No Ban  According to CnLedger, it is unlikely that the Chinese government will outright ban cryptocurrency and bitcoin mining in the short-term, because it is difficult to do so through strict regulations and policies. But, the government has taken the approach of collaborating with local electricity grid operators to provide a more challenging ecosystem for miners. Essentially, the Ch inese government is trying to push miners out of the local industry.  CnLedger reported:  “Caixin: PBoC did not hold a closed-door meeting, nor are they asking to shut down mining fields before a ‘deadline.’ However, the regulators are indeed gradually canceling the preferential policies offered previously in electricity fees, taxes and land to some mining facilities.  YiCai: Regulators are asking local departments to report the current status of bitcoin mining companies under administration, and ‘guide the mining firms to exit in an orderly manner’ by taking various measures from the aspects of electricity, land, tax, environmental protection.”  In an interview with South China Morning Post, one bitcoin miner who requested his name to remain anonymous due to the sensitivity of the subject, revealed that there exists corruption within the Chinese bitcoin mining sector and that miners have been paying local grid operators to be able to mine cryptocurrencies.  As such, since November of 2017, Chinese miners have been exploring other potential regions to relocate and migrate their cryptocurrency mining ventures. While southwest China has become a popular destination for miners because of its cheap electricity, other regions such as Norway and Chile have cheaper electricity with naturally cold climates that are optimal for bitcoin mini ng centers.  CCN previously reported , “Cui noted that bribery is common in the Chinese mining scene, as electricity providers have absolute control over their decision to restrict power supply to certain businesses that fail to comply with their demands.”  Decreased Supply  Although analysts have claimed that the decrease in the supply of bitcoin upon the dismissal of bitcoin mining companies by the Chinese government could lead to a price surge, such a situation can only occur in the short-term.  If Chinese miners are forced by the government to give up their operations and move elsewhere, miners will simply relocate to better regions with cheaper resources such as Chile and Norway to continue their mining pools. While the short-term supply of bitcoin could become impacted, in the long-term, it will have minimal effect on the supply of bitcoin.  Also, the plan of the Chinese government is to try push bitcoin miners out of the local sector in the mid to long-term through stricter regulations and policies. The bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market will likely not be affected by the government’s crackdown on cryptocurrency mining in the next few months.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Goldman Sachs Predicts Profitable 2018 for Nvidia, Which Bodes Well for Ethereum Miners Twitter  Goldman Sachs predicts that chipmaker Nvidia is headed for another banner year, a forecast that is bullish not only for shareholders but also ethereum miners.  Goldman Sachs Predicts Profitable 2018 for Nvidia  After last year’s 109 percent increase, one might assume that Nvidia’s share price is primed for a correction.  Goldman Sachs analyst Toshiya Hari, however, predicts that 2018 will be a banner year for Nvidia, citing growth potential in the gaming and VR/AR sectors.  “Nvidia is one of the few stocks in our coverage universe exposed to multiple secular growth markets … With the emergence of eSports and the potential proliferation of VR/AR, we view Gaming as a meaningful and sustainable growth driver for the overall company, ” the analyst wrote in a note to clients Friday, according to  CNBC .  “In terms of single stock, our top picks in Semis and Semi Cap are Nvidia and Entegris. ”  Though not mentioned, this bullish forecast also assumes a solid outlook for cryptocurrency miners because the industry served as a  driving force  for share prices of both Nvidia and AMD, its archrival and fellow GPU manufacturer.  The two companies have become so closely associated with mining that analysts have even characterized them as proxies for cryptocurrency market movements because as prices increase and mining becomes more profitable, demand for GPUs rises as well.  Both companies have leaned into the burgeoning cryptocurrency mining sector, releasing drivers and even  graphics cards  designed specifically for mining-specific applications, all the while  incurring the ire  of their traditional gaming-focused clientele.  Nvidia Exempts Miners from Data Center Restrictions  More recently, Nvidia has even structured the license agreement for its consumer-focused GeForce and Titan graphics cards to exclude cryptocurrency mining from restrictions on using these cards in data centers, according to a report from  The Register .  “No Datacenter Deployment. The SOFTWARE is not licensed for datacenter deployment, except that blockchain processing in a datacenter is permitted,” the  licensing agreement  reads.  This exemption allows large-scale miners to purchase high-end GeForce GTX 1080 Ti graphics cards, which retail for $699 rather than being required to fork over as much as $9,000 for enterprise-level Tesla V100 chips.  Featured image from Wikimedia.  
DECREASE	   Singapore Dollar and Bitcoin the Same Under AML/CFT Laws: Deputy PM Twitter  Singaporean laws do not make any distinction between transactions involving fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies like bitcoin under money laundering and counter-terrorism financing laws, the country’s deputy prime minister said yesterday.  Tharman Shanmugaratnam, Singapore’s deputy prime minister and minister in charge of the central bank, was speaking at a parliamentary session on Monday when he was asked by MP Foo Mee Har about how authorities could enforce anti-money laundering laws and counter-financing of terrorism (AML/CFT) laws on cryptocurrency transactions with a specific focus on bitcoin.  What are the ‘levers’ available, she asked, to the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) and law enforcement agencies to enforce AML/CFL financing laws for bitcoin transactions where conventional regulatory oversight of traditional markets do not apply.  In  response , the deputy prime minister stated in no uncertain terms:  “When it comes to money laundering or terrorism financing, Singapore’s laws do not make any distinction between transactions effected using fiat currency, virtual currency or other novel ways of transmitting value…   Hence, MAS’ AML/CFT requirements apply to all activities of financial institutions, whether conducted in fiat or virtual currencies. ”  Despite issuing a  recent caution  to investors getting into cryptocurrencies, Singapore’s central bank is pressing ahead with regulation that will bring a number of retail payment services, including bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchanges, under the  singular regulation of its Payment Services Bill . Under the regulatory framework, all payment services will be overseen in a single legislation wherein t he authority will have oversight into cryptocurrency exchanges and bitcoin trading platforms. The second public consultation of framework came to an end on Monday.  Shanmugaratnam referenced the bill in his response , confirming the central bank’s intention to impose and mandate AML/CFT requirements on  intermediaries. “[A]t some stage, fiat currency will have to be exchanged for virtual currency, or vice versa, at intermediaries that sell or exchange virtual currency,” the official said.  Finally, the deputy prime minister stressed that the “still evolving” virtual currency space is being watched closely by the MAS as it determines a balanced approach that fosters innovation in the space.  He stated:  “Like most innovations, it presents new opportunities as well as risks. MAS is closely watching these developments and studying the approaches taken in other jurisdictions. The basic idea is for our policies and rules to foster innovation while mitigating risks, including from ML/TF.  “  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   XWIN ICO off to a Rousing Start, Bringing Blockchain Integrity to Online Betting Twitter  This is a sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  XWIN , a transparent betting platform that uses smart contracts, has already registered more than 5,000 people since its ICO began on Jan. 1. The ICO lasts through the end of the month, and those who invest by Jan. 15 can gain a 20% bonus, with 1 XWIN token being equal to 0.004 ETH.      The ICO gives investors the unprecedented chance to hold a stake in the crypto-bookmaking platform that awards them 20% of its profit margin. XWIN delivers privacy, security and guaranteed access to betting events, giving investors the chance to earn a hefty income form bookmaking.  The XWIN ICO itself operates on an Ethereum smart contract, ensuring transparency, safety, sustainability, 24/7 control and streamlined investment potential.     Unprecedented Opportunity  The bookmaker business offers major income potential, as margins range from 6% to 20% per bet. The remotely controlled margin transfers to the XWIN smart contract account.  The cost per token is 0.004 ETH.  • 20% of the tokens will be available for the founders one year later. • 80% of the tokens will be for the open sale.  XWIN’s mission is to provide the most convenient and successful platform in the crypto betting industry.  The income from online betting will grow by nearly 12% annually, according to H2 Gambling Capital.  Smart Contract Governs Payout  The XWIN smart contract sets the payout amount when a bet is placed, and it cannot be spent prior to the contract settlement.  The platform prevents lockouts that might otherwise occur due to frequent wins or arbitrages. There are no infrastructure risks related to technical issues with interruptions of Internet access or equipment problems, and there is no risk of embezzlement of funds.  The XWIN smart contract performs the role of an arbitrator who manages funds automatically. Players’ accounts are placed on the XWIN smart contract.  Registration on the platform and the purchase of tokens provide players the benefits of ID protection, winnings protection and low fees.  Payments will be made from the general fund, which will combine free exchange pricing, commissions and token price increases. The smart contract guarantees the XWIN token price.  All Types Of Bets Allowed  The XWIN CryptoBet platform will allow for betting on football, hockey, tennis, basketball, motorsports, badminton, baseball, biathlon, boxing, volleyball, handball, darts, E-sports, politics, rugby, mixed martial arts, snooker, chess, show business and other games.  All bids, bets, games, payoffs and results get recorded in the smart contract and are verified against several sources of information, which prevents errors during the transfer of bets and results to the smart contract.  Users can verify the results in the XWIN.io interface or through the XWIN API. They can also verify results through any wallets and web interfaces in the Ethereum blockchain.  The margin will be credited to the smart contract account and managed autonomously. The margin will be distributed as follows: 25% to guaranteed payments to the players; 35% to marketing; 20% to administration; and 20% to investors.  XWIN token holders will be able to sell tokens, redeemed directly by the smart contract, at any time at a nominal price.  Third party counterparties will connect to the XWIN platform using tokens, which are used to account for all transactions on the Ethereum blockchain. Bookmakers, casinos and rating games can gain automatic access to information such as betting odds, settlement services and betting contracts.  
DECREASE	   Indian Lawyer Demands ‘Urgent’ Regulation of Bitcoin with Court Petition Twitter  A second Indian lawyer has filed a petition to urge authorities develop a regulatory framework for cryptocurrencies like bitcoin in the country.  Calcutta-based lawyer Bivas Chatterjee, who notably serves as the nodal office in the state of West Bengal, has filed for a public interest litigation (PIL) in the Calcutta High Court to force authorities into an “intervention to regulate the flow of Bitcoin” in India. The lawyer, who is also a cyberlaw expert, underlined links between cryptocurrency and the dark web, alleging  their use in purchasing drugs, money laundering and terrorism funding, according to a  Times of India  report.  The PIL filing reportedly comes in the aftermath of arrests of two Calcutta youths who sold LSD patches after procuring them through the dark web with payments made in bitcoin.  “In Bengal, the economic impact of such a decentralized, unregulated and unaccounted parallel economic system is huge,” Chatterjee claimed, blaming cryptocurrencies for their alleged use in money laundering, tax evasion and terrorism funding.  The lawyer also expressed concerns toward the soaring gains in value and adoption of cryptocurrencies, claiming the lack of regulation “ to monitor the market of the ever-increasing value of Bitcoin,” was a huge threat.  He went on to state:  “There is an urgent need to frame a joint panel or a group of committees with experts from various fields to ensure the legality and accountability of cryptocurrency. ”  The lawyer’s call comes in spite of the central Indian government establishing  an inter-disciplinary committee  to research and develop a framework for cryptocurrencies in April 2017. To this day, the panel’s findings remain under wraps and has not provided any clarity to the ongoing ambiguity of the cryptocurrencies’ legality in India.  After an unprecedented  demonetization purge  where the Indian government purged nearly 90% of all circulating cash obsolete overnight in late 2016, bitcoin has seen remarkable rates of awareness and adoption among everyday citizens and retail investors in the country. Chatterjee referenced this in his petition, claiming India’s advent into becoming a cashless economy saw bitcoin’s usage “maximized post demonetization.”  In a statement reported by the  Indian Express , he added:  “In India, law enforcement agencies are confused… Either the government should ban Bitcoin by declaring it illegal like China or there must be a regulatory body to control its flow. ”  As such, the Calcutta High Court is expected to hear the case on February 2. This is the second known petition by a lawyer forcing the issue of cryptocurrency regulations after a  previous PIL  submitted to India’s Supreme Court, the foremost court in the land, in November 2017. The PIL also called for a framework “to regulate the flow of Bitcoin” and gained support from the Supreme Court which  demanded  the Indian government and relevant ministries to respond to the petition.  Featured image of Calcutta High Court from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ethereum Price Continues to Advance as Other Coins See CMC-Induced Correction Twitter  The ethereum price increased by six percent on Tuesday, surpassing the $1,200 barrier and raising its market share to nearly 16 percent. Meanwhile, other top cryptocurrencies saw their markets turn sour after a data point adjustment at market statistics website CoinMarketCap appears to have induced an artificial correction.  Cryptocurrency Market Cap Briefly Slips Below $700 Billion  The cryptocurrency market cap began the day above $750 billion, which appeared to be a moderate decline from its previous day level but actually reflected the fact that CoinMarketCap had decided to  stop factoring prices from South Korean exchanges   — which often trade far above their global averages  — into their pricing algorithm.  The website did a poor job of communicating this, leading most visitors to incorrectly believe that cryptocurrency prices were plunging across the board, particularly those  — like ripple  — that see heavy trading volume on Bithumb and other South Korean exchanges.  Source: CoinMarketCap  This seeming market correction appears to have induced a real one. Traders panic-sold their assets and the cryptocurrency market cap briefly plunged to $668.7 billion. Ultimately, cryptocurrencies experienced a moderate recovery, bringing the cryptocurrency market cap to a present value of $740.8 billion.  Bitcoin Price Drops Below Another Checkpoint  The  bitcoin price  was near the front of the retreat, declining five percent to $14,489. The most prominent cryptocurrency has dropped by nearly $3,000 since peaking at $17,252 over the weekend, reducing its market cap to $250.4 billion.  24-Hour Bitcoin Price Chart  Aside from the CoinMarketCap data point adjustment, there was no clear explanation for bitcoin ’s price decline, although it could stem from continuing unease about  inspections  South Korean regulators are currently conducting into bank accounts belonging to domestic bitcoin exchanges.  Ethereum Price Posts Lone Advance Among Top-10 Cryptocurrencies  The  ethereum price  swam against the current for the second consecutive day, posting a five percent advance even as bitcoin and other top cryptocurrencies fell into decline. At present, the ethereum price is $1,186 on Bitfinex, while its global average (now excluding Korea) is $1,217. Ethereum has a market cap of $117.9 billion, providing it with a $26 billion edge on third-ranked ripple.  24-Hour Ethereum Price Chart  Altcoins Suffer CMC-Fueled Decline  CoinMarketCap ’s decision to stop factoring South Korean data into its pricing algorithms may have been an artificial change, but it appears to have led to a real decline in the altcoin markets.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The ripple price declined nearly eight percent on Tuesday, falling to $2.28 on Bittrex and $2.37 overall. This reduced ripple ’s market cap to $91.7 billion and placed it well behind ethereum in the struggle for the silver podium.  24-Hour Ripple Price Chart  The bitcoin cash price declined by two percent $2,414, and cardano ’s price dropped by seven percent to $0.87. Sixth-ranked NEM declined by three percent, while both litecoin and stellar posted four percent losses for the day.  The IOTA price declined by seven percent, although the token managed to maintain a market cap of greater than $10 billion  — at least for now  — and TRON posted a 12 percent pullback  — worst among top 10-cryptocurrencies  — to round out the top 10.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ready to Rally? Ethereum Aside, All Major Cryptocurrencies Fall in Value Twitter  Apart from Ether, the native cryptocurrency of Ethereum, all major cryptocurrencies or the 10 most valuable digital assets in the global market have fallen in value.   Tokens Adding Value to Ethereum, Justifiable Market Cap  Over the past few months, since late 2017, many decentralized applications utilized at a large commercial scale have emerged. Apps like CryptoKitties, EtherDelta, and 0x have obtained hundreds of thousands of active users, by integrating seamless trading of digital assets.  On 0x for instance, a decentralized exchange protocol previously introduced by Coinbase co-founder Fred Ehrsam, successful decentralized applications and blockchain projects such as Aragon, ETHFinex, Radar, Melonport, Augur, Status, and District0x have launched, utilizing the 0x protocol for off-chain order relay and on-chain settlement.  As Ehrsam noted in his paper released in  September 2017:  “Decentralized exchange protocols are also open standards that are easy for anyone to build on and customize. For example, dYdX, a protocol for decentralized derivatives, is being built on 0x. People can create any sort of custom product they want using these protocols which is then freely available for anyone else to trade, use, or modify.”  ETHFinex, the digital tokens trading  & discussion platform of BitFinex, noted that the rising value and popularity of digital tokens and decentralized applications have added significant value to the Ethereum network.  “The tokens we listed today are adding fantastic value to the Ethereum ecosystem, disrupting power structures in many different industries, and we are proud to provide a venue for them to reach more supporters,”  said the ETHFinex team.  Ethereum remains as one of the only few blockchain projects with a realistic and justifiable market valuation. Decentralized applications building on top of the Ethereum blockchain protocol have hundreds of thousands of active users and the Ethereum blockchain network is being utilized on a daily basis for payments, decentralized operations, and financial activities.  According to Etherscan, the Ethereum network has been processing more than 1.2 million transactions on a daily basis, more than the transaction volume of all cryptocurrencies in the market combined, including bitcoin.  Is the Cryptocurrency Market Ready to Rebound?  Within a three-day span, the market valuation of the cryptocurrency market fell from nearly $900 billion to $727 billion, experiencing a major correction that affected almost every digital asset in the global market.   Specifically, the 10 most valuable cryptocurrencies in the market such as bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Ripple, that struggled to record major gains over the past week, will likely recover in the short-term, given that they have underperformed against smaller digital assets in the space for a relatively long period of time.  It is rare for major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin to fall by more than 10 percent within a week and not demonstrate early signs of recovery. Given that the daily trading volume of the cryptocurrency market still remains high, and the daily trading volume of bitcoin alone remains above $17 billion, the market could recover in the next few days.  Still, despite the current state of the market, smaller assets like 0x, Storm, Augur, and NEO have made large daily returns over 10 percent.  Click  here  for the current cryptocurrency market-cap.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Rogue Software Mines and Sends Monero to North Korean University Twitter  A software application has been discovered that installs code for mining Monero and sending the coins to Kim Il Sung University in Pyongyang,  North Korea .  The report by  Alien Vault , a security firm, indicates North Korea is seeking sources of cash for its suffering economy. The application was created on Dec. 24 and uses host computers to mine Monero, the firm noted.  The software is often used in malware campaigns and was recently used in campaigns exploiting IIS servers to mine Monero, Alien Vault noted. The firm noted cryptocurrencies may provide a financial lifeline to a country hit hard by sanctions, and that the software may be the most recent product of endeavors at the university.  One North Korean IP address has also been active on  bitcoin  trading sites, the firm noted.  Another security firm, Ahn Lab, noted the address is the same as the one used to control compromised web servers in cyberattacks in 2014 and 2015 on energy, traffic, telecommunications, broadcasting, financial and political institutions in South Korea.  A North Korean server used in the code does not appear to be connected to the wider Internet, Alien Vault, noted, indicating its inclusion could be meant to trick observers into making a North Korean connection. Kim Il Sung University, however, plays host to foreign students and lecturers in addition to North Koreans.  Kim Il Sung University did not respond to Reuters requests for comment. North Korean officials at the United Nations were not immediately available for comment.  North Korean Interest Grows  Other observers have cited growing signs of interest from North Korea in cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology.  Mun Chong-hyun, chief analyst at ESTsecurity, a South Korean cybersecurity firm, said cryptocurrencies are the best way for North Koreans to earn foreign currency. Cryptocurrency can be laundered several times and is hard to trace, the analyst said. Cryptocurrency observers note that Monero appeals to users who value secrecy since its funds go to a one-time address created with  random numbers with every payment. This makes it harder to trace than bitcoin.  FireEye, a cybersecurity firm, reported in November there were North Korean activities against  South Korean  cryptocurrency sites. Analyst Luke McNamara said it is not surprising that cryptocurrencies are being targeted by a government that operates as a criminal enterprise.  Also read:  North Korea did target South Korean bitcoin exchanges: police  Westerner Lectures On Crypto In North Korea  Federico Tenga, the Italian co-founder of Chainside, a bitcoin startup, noted in November that he lectured on bitcoin and blockchain at Pyongyang University of Science and Technology that the lectures were at a basic level.  A university spokesperson said the teaching can provide the next generation of North Korean professionals more concepts in seeking to develop their country. The spokesperson also said the country is aware of issues around sanctions.  Tenga said his aim was to spread technical knowledge, not suggest how to use it.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Is the Third Revolution of the Internet Here Yet? Twitter  This is a sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Blockchain technology has demonstrated new ways for the Internet to deliver more value and trust. Web 3.0, also known as the Internet of Everything, will allow users to access a variety of applications without expensive equipment.   Web 3.0 has been designed to address the many shortcomings of Web 2.0. While Web 2.0 delivered significant improvements over Web 1.0, Web2.0 is vulnerable to hackers attacking the central server. In addition, documents, when multiplied, consume storage space, wasting resources. While cloud services are available to address these issues, the cost of such services remains high.  A Pioneering Platform  Acute Angle Cloud (AAC) marks the first globally distributed Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) platform realizing global distributed cloud computing, the third revolution of the Internet that will deliver more services, more securely at a lower cost. Estimates indicate the service cost of AAC is a tenth of current cloud services.  Smart cars can be controlled from a webpage, revenues can be received as soon as a document is saved online, and apps can be adopted in Android systems while maintaining high speed, fast computation and security – on a permanent basis.  The intent of the Web 3.0, based on blockchain technology and the InterPlanetary File System (IPFS), is to enable users to communicate by their own terminal devices, rather than to communicate and aggregate information on the Internet, thereby realizing true  “decentralization. ”  AAC is a blockchain developed with a decentralized, public platform used by developers to simply, quickly and safely distribute tokens, smart contracts and blockchain systems.  Combining Ethereum And BitShares  AAC’s blockchain ecosystem combines the strengths of Ethereum and BitShares and solves defects of the existing blockchain system. It is designed to form a blockchain economy, promote industrial efficiency and boost the efficient and synergetic development of society. It uses smart contracts to motivate users to provide idle hard disk, bandwidth, hash rate, etc., to offer the cloud service.  Using virtualization technology, AAC solves the problem of idle hard disk and CPU resources in the personal computer. It can collect and allocate user ’s idle hard disk and CPU resources with full cyclic utilization.  Distributed storage technology arrests the waste of storage space by automatically redistributing data to enhance utilization of storage space and connecting all the computing devices with the same file system. Its principle is to replace addresses based on contents with ones based on domain name. It will allow web page browsing to be quicker, safer, more robust and durable.  Three Stages  AAC will realize its targets in three stages. It will first build a blockchain network with a modularized design method. This stage will use a hardware capable of intelligently testing and monitoring the environment of smart contracts and digital assets.  Next, AAC will be deployed to meet different commercial appeals such as insurance, electronic file, digital currency, traceback, and personal credit record.  AAC will connect inter-user information as well as outside networks, possibly even non-blockchain networks, to create a cyberspace of interconnection and multi-dimensional data correlation.  Multi-dimensional data such as personal credit, assets, production and consumption data can better integrate community consensus, individual behavior and value exchange.  By introducing a modularized virtual machine, smart sandbox, value exchange and fork mechanism, AAC will create a blockchain network of ongoing evolution, easy use, low cost and proper customization.  Ease Of Use For Developers  Built on the blockchain as a service platform, AAC lowers the threshold for developers via visualized interface and multilingual support. Users can establish their own application by forking to better motivate community developers to innovate.  AAC prioritizes Lua as language of programming smart contracts in the blockchain, which supports being statically compiled to byte codes and actuated in the blockchain network.  AAC will gradually support a value system with AAC as the circulating medium, including trading and payment memory space, content sharing, application development and other settlements.  When users participate in activities started on the platform, the smart contracts will automatically generate AAC. The total amount of acute angle coins for the first pre-generation is RMB 1 billion.  Without pre-mining, the proportion generated from mining is up to 45%, fully guaranteeing the rights and interests of miners and creating a good marker phenomenon.  Security Measures  AAC will ensure the security of user accounts and funds through security measures such as blockchain consensus and non-tampering technologies as well as digital signatures and end-user encrypted wallets. After the integration of data storage and network resources, data, applications and transactions will be integrated into the blockchain cloud to build a network environment for secure transactions.  Traditional centralized servers will perform backups which lead to vulnerability and redundancy.  IPFS is a technological solution that generates a unique fingerprint for a document using a hash algorithm, and the entire system will delete files with repeated fingerprints before saving the hash value to the blockchain. Rewards obtained from mining can be used for acquiring AAC service.  Visit on Telegram at  https://t.me/acuteanglecloud  
DECREASE	   Sp8de Announces Blockchain for the Internet of Gambling, Pre-ICO Is Live Twitter  This is a sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  In 2016, online gambling raked in over $44 billion off the back of increased technological mobility, enabling it to penetrate new markets and bring gaming to the fingertips of millions. With a projected 5 billion mobile device users and rapidly expanding internet literacy, the gambling industry has been projected to be worth over $87 billion by 2022.  Blockchain technology and the emergent cryptocurrency industry is championing a bold and exciting reinvention of online gambling, built on transparency, security, and anonymity. Blockchain-based casinos are on the rise, creating lucrative investment opportunities with an approximate growth of 292% last year alone. Blockchain has the potential to disrupt the online gambling indu stry by providing transparency to all transactions, drastically reducing house edge and lowering transaction costs, ensuring anonymity of participants and security of all exchanges.  Despite this, blockchain casinos have only served to complement the traditional online gambling. This stems from the fact that most blockchain services cannot compete with the efficiency of centralized systems when it comes to settlement of values. Decentralization always comes at a cost. Every block needs to be mined and time-stamped sequentially, resulting in delays. Waiting  10 minutes to know if a gaming round settled in the blockchain is no experience any casino operator wants to subject their users to in this highly competitive industry. Blockchain settlement fees are also prohibitively high for micro-transactions.  Las Vegas On The Blockchain  Sp8de  is a next-generation, blockchain-based gaming ecosystem developing a revolutionary protocol for online casinos.    Built on Ouroboros, the POS protocol underlying Cardano blockchain,  Sp8de  will enable casino operators design and implement feature-rich gambling applications with zero-house edge, close-to-zero transaction fees, and provably fair random numbers. Ouroboros is the first provably secure POS protocol that successfully marries the coin-tossing application of commitment schemes with verifiable secret sharing, creating a secure and anonymous platform for  users. The highly scalable platform is capable of executing tens of thousands of transactions per second, uniquely generate provably random numbers, and facilitate frictionless interaction between supply and demand.        The Token Sale  To facilitate the development of the platform and demonstrate its capabilities,  Sp8de  has instituted a token sale, unlike any. Scheduled to launch on January 8th, the token presale event automatically enters every contributor into the Jackpot stages where additional tokens will be randomly airdropped.   The more tokens contributors hold, the higher their chances of getting a larger share of the airdropped tokens. Sp8de presale for its SPX tokens has been designed to enable contributors to win and participate in more Jackpots. SPX tokens are being offered under an incentivized contribution structure that rewards first round contributors with  98,888 per ETH, while final round c ontributors get 58,888 SPX per ETH.  Join the token sale:  https://sp8de.com/  Read about the Sp8de Revolution:  https://sp8de.com/sp8de_white_paper.pdf  Join the conversation:  https://t.me/joinchat/B-YJaQ_ULpPKAzPHFPUa-Q  
DECREASE	   R3 ’s Lawsuit Against Ripple is Now Worth $19 Billion Twitter  The value of a legal dispute involving US-based fintech startups R3 and Ripple has ballooned to nearly $20 billion on the heels of a breakneck rally that has launched ripple’s market cap past $140 billion.  As CCN reported last September, R3 and Ripple filed  dueling lawsuits  regarding a contract dispute that arose after the dissolution of their once-promising partnership, which was first announced in 2016.  R3 sued Ripple first, claiming that the company violated the partnership agreement by terminating an options contract that gave R3 the right to purchase up to 5 billion XRP  — the native currency of the Ripple Consensus Ledger (RCL)  — for $0.0085 per unit.  The XRP price is trading above $3 on all major exchanges, and its global average has ballooned to $3.84.  The  XRP price  has soared by 45,000 percent since that deal was inked, peaking at a global average of $3.84 during intraday trading on Thursday.  In its suit, R3 asked the court to order Ripple to honor that agreement, which would allow the firm to purchase the 5 billion XRP  — now worth $19.2 billion at its Jan. 4 high  — for just $42.5 million, a discount of approximately 99.8 percent off the market price.  If successful, the suit will instantly provide R3 with a five percent stake what has been 2018’s hottest cryptocurrency at virtually no cost, and it will provide the firm with a tidal wave of capital at a time when it has  struggled to raise funding  from its consortium members.  However, disputing R3’s claim, the San Francisco-based Ripple countersued R3 in California, arguing that R3 failed to fulfill its obligations under the partnership agreement, nullifying its right to exercise the XRP options.  Both firms have seen  small victories  in the legal conflict. In October, a Delaware judge dismissed R3’s suit, ruling that it did not fall under the court’s jurisdiction. However, Ripple experienced a similar setback in December, when a California judge ruled that it did not have jurisdiction over Ripple’s countersuit against R3.  The legal showdown will now head to New York, giving the New York City-based R3 home-court advantage, so to speak, for the final judgment on the $19 billion options contract.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)ccn.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   China ’s Biggest Newspaper Calls Bitcoin a Bubble Twitter  The  People’s Daily , the official newspaper of the Chinese Communist Party and the biggest newspaper group in China, recently published a piece calling bitcoin a bubble, and comparing the cryptocurrency to the 17th-century Dutch tulip bulb bubble., just like  JP Morgan’s Jamie Dimon did .  The piece initially mention’s bitcoin’s growth in 2017. The cryptocurrency surged from under $1,000 to over $19,000 last year, before it plunged back to $13,000. It has since recovered and is currently trading at $14,599, according to  CCN’s price index . Taking into account its volatile price and astounding growth, the People’s Daily asserts it’s a fact bitcoin is a bubble  “Irrespective of whether it is assessed on price or value, bitcoin is flooded with froth,” it reads (rough translation). “Its so-called advantages – scarcity, authenticity, strong liquidity, transparency and decentralization – are only covers for speculation and cannot support its volatile price.”  Per the piece, bitcoin’s bubble was created by a combination of speculation, hype, mystery, and decentralization. The piece’s author, Wei Liang, even hints at possible insider trading, suggesting bitcoiners with a large amount of bitcoin manipulated investors to fuel speculation and further drive the cryptocurrency’s price up.  It adds that bitcoin isn’t recognized as a currency throughout the world, and that financial regulators “naturally do not regulate bitcoin as much as they do other currencies,” leaving the cryptocurrency in a “special gray area,” and uses bitcoin futures on regulated exchanges as an example of how the cryptocurrency is being protected.  The People’s Daily then compares the cryptocurrency to the Dutch tulip bulb bubble, implying bitcoin’s bubble will burst once governments around the world start regulating it. As such, caution is advised as bitcoin’s price has in the past seen sharp falls and its “future direction is particularly alarming.”  This isn’t the first-time Chinese officials express their aversion to bitcoin. Last month, as reported by CCN, a People’s Bank of China (PBoC) official stated he thinks  bitcoin will end up floating down a river , as a dead body.  The piece comes at a time in which it’s been revealed  Chinese authorities won’t ‘ban’ bitcoin miners , but will remove their preferential treatment in local provinces. This means preferential policies in electricity consumption, land use, and tax cuts may soon be gone for Chinese bitcoin miners.  Last year, China’s central bank, the People’s Bank of China,  enforced a blanket ban  on all initial coin offerings (ICOs), a day after the Leading Group of Beijing Internet Financial Risks Remediation mandated the shuttering of cryptocurrency exchanges in the country. Since then, investors reportedly started using unregulated peer-to-peer exchanges. According to the  South China Morning Post , the number of peer-to-peer exchanges in the country surged from four in October to 21 by the end of November.  Interestingly, bitcoin’s price seems to be mostly unaffected by China’s recent moves. When news of the crackdown first came out, the cryptocurrency’s price crashed. As  reported , a ‘crackdown’ on bitcoin mining could be beneficial for the wider ecosystem, as it could decentralize the majority of the mining hashrate.     Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bank of America’s Merrill Lynch Bans Clients from Bitcoin Fund Twitter  Bank of America’s brokerage arm Merrill Lynch has barred clients and their financial advisers from participating in bitcoin investments.  The  Wall Street Journal , upon reviewing an internal memo by Merrill Lynch, reports that the brokerage arm has specifically highlighted Grayscale’s Bitcoin Investment Trust, a open-ended trust fund directly invested in the world’s first cryptocurrency. The fund is run by Grayscale Investments led by Barry Silbert, a former Wall Street investment banker turned prolific bitcoin entrepreneur and industry  investor.  An excerpt from the internal memo read:  “The decision to close GBTC to new purchases is driven by concerns pertaining to suitability and eligibility standards of this product. ”  The ban reportedly applies to Merrill Lynch’s 17,000 advisers, keeping them from suggesting bitcoin-related investments and refusing client requests to trade in the Siulbert’s fund. Existing positions by clients in the bitcoin fund will be allowed in basic brokerage accounts, a WSJ source added, but not in fee-based advisory accounts where financial advisers suggest and pitch i nvestments. A Merrill Lynch spokeswoman confirmed the ban, stating it applies throughout the firm and will include self-directed accounts.  The policy came into effect on December 8 th , prior to  the launch  of the first bitcoin futures in the United States.  For Silbert, Merrill Lynch’s decision comes as a surprise as the bitcoin mogul claimed he is unaware of any brokerage firms implementing similar bans.  In an email to Reuters, Silbert said:  “We look forward to speaking with Merrill Lynch and addressing any questions or concerns they have about the Bitcoin Investment Trust. We are unaware of any similar policies at other brokerage firms. ”  Traditional Wall Street banks and brokerages have been hesitant when it comes to cryptocurrencies, even as major financial institutions like the  CME Group  and  CBOE  began trading bitcoin futures contracts in December. Prior to the launch of the bitcoin futures markets, the likes of Citigroup, Bank of America and others  blocked clients  from investments.  In the days following the launch, CBOE’s chief executive dismissed  complaints  from the Futures Industry Association (FIA), an influential Wall Street lobby group comprising of the likes of JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs, delivered to the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission in a letter. The letter was labelled as a “ cheap shot ” by CBOE’s chairman and CEO Edward Tilly, adding it “uncalled for.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   India ’s Policy-Making Think Tank Outlines Blockchain Verification Trials Twitter  India’s foremost policy institute and think tank is exploring blockchain applications in a number of sectors including education, health and agriculture.  The National Institute of Transforming India (NT), the government’s primary policy-making body, is eyeing the use of blockchain technology with work toward a proof-of-concept (PoC) to trial the decentralized technology across a number of sectors.  According to the  Economic Times , the PoC will be put to use in a number of areas including education, healthcare and agriculture that are identified as ‘key sectors’ according to one senior government official. “It is a safe system for document verification” in those pre-approved sectors, the official added, hinting at a sweeping and wider implementation of the technology across the public domain.  The think tank’s foray into researching blockchain applications comes after its recently concluded hackathon where ‘AgroChain’, a blockchain-based marketplace connecting farmers and consumers for ‘cooperative contractual farming’  won the top honor .  Over the past week, India’s finance ministry likened cryptocurrencies like bitcoin to  ponzi schemes  while India’s foremost financial official  refused to recognize  bitcoin as legal tender in the country. However, India’s government has been more embracive, even bullish, on adopting blockchain technology.  The most significant endorsement comes from the research arm of India’s central bank a year ago. Blockchain technology had “ matured enough ”, the authority said, to become the core driving infrastructure in creating a digitized version of India’s fiat currency, the rupee.  India’s securities markets regulator is also  researching  the technology while the central bank’s research arm pressed ahead to launch a blockchain platform for  multiple banking applications , last year.  In February 2017, government-owned State Bank of India (SBI), the largest bank in the country, launched ‘ BankChain ’  – the country’s first financial blockchain consortium comprising of private and public banks as well as technology companies to develop blockchain solutions in the financial industry. The SBI  launched  two blockchain production-ready solutions in beta last month with rollouts for smart contracts and a ‘know your customer’ platform.  Meanwhile, the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh unveiled a new partnership with a technology partner to launch blockchain pilot projects in “various departments within the state government. The state government is, significantly, planning to store the  citizen data of some 84 million  people on a blockchain. More recently, the government also  commenced work  on developing a blockchain for land registration in the state as a means to curb fraud.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Rocketing Ripple Puts Founders and CEO Among the World ’s Richest People Twitter  The value of the cryptocurrency ecosystem skyrocketed in 2017, with various cryptocurrencies surpassing 1,000% gains. Ripple’s XRP token, for example, was worth about $0,006 in the beginning of 2017 and is currently trading at $3.76. The 60,000% rise helped Ripple become the second-biggest cryptocurrency by market cap, and is now  valued at over $140 billion .  Behind the XRP token is San Francisco-based company Ripple, which uses blockchain technology in financial transactions. According to  Forbes , its co-founder and former CEO Chris Larsen, owns 5.19 billion XRP tokens, currently worth over $16.9 billion. He reportedly also owns 17% of the company, bringing his total net worth to $44.16 billion at current rates.  This makes Larsen the 18th richest person in the world, behind Indian business magnate Mush Ambani, according to  Bloomberg’s Billionaire Index . Back in November 2016, the 57-year-old stepped down as CEO of Ripple, turning the reigns over to Brad Garlinghouse, the company’s current CEO.  Citing a source at the company, Forbes claims Garlinghouse owns 6.3% of Ripple, and additional XRP tokens. Per its report, his net worth was of “at least” $9.5 billion at the time, meaning he would be number 153 on the list, above Fidelity’s Abigail Johnson, a big cryptocurrency fan herself. Since Forbes ’ report, XRP ’s price surged 38%.  Another XRP billionaire is Ripple co-founder Jed McCaleb, who notably founded Mt Gox in 2010. McCaleb reportedly left the company in 2013, but came to an agreement with it over the tokens he owns.  The agreement involves him receiving a share of his 5.3 billion XRP tokens on a monthly basis, while the rest is under Ripple’s custody. If he had access to all of his tokens at once, he would have $19.9 billion. McCaleb claims to have no bitcoins left from his time with Mt Gox, and has founded Stellar after leaving Ripple. He’s said to own one billion Lumens, each currently tr ading at $0.89.  A  ‘Centralized ’ Cryptocurrency?  Ripple claims to have over 100 clients, including American Express and Santander, both currently collaborating on payments using Ripple’s technology. As reported by CCN, it recently launched the  Arrington XRP Capital , a $100 million cryptoasset hedge fund launched by TechCrunch founder Michael Arrington.  Ripple itself holds 61.3 billion XRP tokens, 55 billion of which are kept in escrow. Taking into account that only 38.7 billion XRP tokens have been distributed, it’s clear the cryptocurrency isn’t as decentralized as, for example, Bitcoin. This, despite various holders having a large number of bitcoins, including Satoshi Nakamoto, the cryptocurrency’s creator, who’s believed t o have 980,000 Bitcoins, equal to roughly 5.8% of all currently existing bitcoins.  Granted, Ripple has  unveiled a strategy  that, per its technology chief Stefan Thomas, will make the Ripple Consensus Ledger (RCL), Ripple’s blockchain, more secure, efficient and decentralized than bitcoin. The strategy will include three fundamental steps. First, Ripple will grow and diversity the validator nodes on its blockchain, to avoid the risk of a single point of failure. Then, it will recruit attested valid ators and monitor them, so it can then add them to its Unique Node Lists (UNLs). A UNL is a list of transaction validator nodes seen as “trusted.”  The strategy’s goal is definitely an applaudable one. However it has been argued that the company’s technology chief went too far in stating its blockchain would become  “more decentralized than bitcoin,”  as it may be undersireable, and maybe even impossible, for Ripple to become more decentralized than bitcoin.  Yacht image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ripple Co-Founder Chris Larsen Might Be the 8th Richest Person in the World Twitter  The recent ripple price surge has undoubtedly made many investors quite wealthy.  On Thursday, the global average  ripple price  rose to an all-time high of $3.84, meaning that a hypothetical $1,000 investment made on Jan. 1, 2017, would now be worth more than $600,000.  No one, however, has benefited more than Ripple co-founder Chris Larsen, who is currently the firm’s executive chairman and formerly served as its CEO. Citing a source at Ripple,  Forbes  reports that Larsen personally owns 5.19 billion XRP and has a 17 percent stake in the company, which is currently holding 55 billion XRP in escrow.  Based on the value of these holdings, Larsen is worth at least $55.8 billion, an estimate that excludes Ripple’s value as a company apart from its XRP balance.  According to  Bloomberg’s Billionaires Index , this makes Larsen the eighth-wealthiest person in the world, ranking him just ahead of Google co-founder Larry Page and a few billion dollars behind Mexican business magnate Carlos Slim, who formerly held the title of the world’s richest person.  Source: Bloomberg  Amazingly, however, Larsen is only one of at least three current or former Ripple executives who have become billionaires due to the cryptocurrency’s recent success.  Jed McCaleb, who co-founded Ripple with Larsen but  left the company  in 2013 and later founded Stellar, reportedly owns the rights to 5.3 billion XRP  — worth more than $20.3 billion, which are held in escrow by the company and distributed to him on a monthly basis. McCaleb also owns one billion XLM, which are worth more than $800 million but have yet to fully vest. According to Bloomberg’s data, this makes McCaleb the fortieth-richest person on paper with a net worth about $1 billion greater than Elon Musk’s.  Current Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse, meanwhile, possesses a 6.3 percent stake in Ripple, in addition to an undisclosed number of XRP tokens. This means that, conservatively, he is worth $13.3 billion, which would make him the world’s 99th-wealthiest person and nearly as rich as Bitcoin creator Satoshi Nakamoto, whose estimated 980,000 bitcoins (which most people believe will never be spent) are worth approximately $14.7 billion.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)ccn.com.  Featured image from YouTube/Berkeley-Haas.  
DECREASE	   Contrary to Many  “Analysts, ” Billionaire Peter Thiel is Optimistic for Bitcoin Twitter  Peter Thiel, the billionaire entrepreneur and venture capitalist, and his VC firm Founders Fund have invested hundreds of millions of dollars in bitcoin, as CCN previously reported.  Analysts Worried  The investment of Thiel in the cryptocurrency came after the negative short-term predictions in regards to the price trend of bitcoin provided by many analysts. Another billionaire investor Mike Novogratz, who has been an active advocate of bitcoin, boldly claimed that the price of bitcoin could drop to $8,000 and cancelled his plans to launch a cryptocurrency-focused hedge fun d as a result.  “We didn’t like market conditions and we wanted to re-evaluate what we’re doing. “I look pretty smart pressing the pause button right now. I didn’t want to have to deal with the schizophrenic emotional side of it. There are just so many conflicts in that business. It was going to be more complicated than I wanted,”  Novogratz told Bloomberg on December 23.  Two weeks ago, the price of bitcoin had declined to $11,500, as the entire cryptocurrency market suffered a major correction that led the market valuation of all cryptocurrencies in the market to fall to $450 billion. At the time of reporting, the market valuation of cryptocurrencies remain near to the $800 billion mark, and has nearly doubled since December 23.  Hence, Novogratz’s concern in regard to the short-term performance of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in the market was a nonissue, as the market has fully recovered over the past few weeks.  Despite the worrying behaviour of long-time investors like Novogratz, Thiel stated that he is personally optimistic in bitcoin because it is providing financial services to the unbanked, which PayPal, one of the largest payments in the global market, was supposed to offer. He added that if bitcoin can evolve into a robust and premier store of value, it has potential.  “While I’m skeptical of most of them, I do think people are a little bit underestimating bitcoin, specifically, because it is like a reserve form of money. If bitcoin ends up being the cyber equivalent of gold, it has great potential,”  Thiel said.  Thiel Optimistic on Bitcoin as Store of Value  Realistically, if bitcoin can continue to scale and grow as a digital currency and store of value, it will be able to penetrate into the $8 trillion gold market and the $40 trillion offshore banking industry. The global offshore banking industry is arguably the largest market any cryptocurrency market can target, and penetrating into that market could provide more potential to  a cryptocurrency than becoming a reserve currency of the global economy.   More importantly, the flow of billions of dollars from institutional investors and retail traders like Thiel’s Founders Fund will allow the price of bitcoin to surge further, allowing its market valuation to achieve the trillion mark in the upcoming months. Many investors have already predicted the market valuation of bitcoin to reach $1 trillion by the end of 2018, and the Fou nders Fund has placed a hundred million dollar bet on it.  “The representatives have told firm backers that a cascade of cash into technology companies has stretched their valuations to historic highs, making stakes in startups as dangerous a risk as ever. Bitcoin, on the other hand, could multiply several times over in the coming years,” the WSJ report read.  Featured image from Flickr.  
DECREASE	   China Isn’t Shutting Down Bitcoin Miners: Report Twitter  Chinese authorities’ ‘crackdown’ on bitcoin miners will not see them banned and will instead focus on removing their preferential treatment in local provinces.  Chinese publication  Ciaxin  is reporting that, contrary to rumors on Wednesday, Chinese authorities haven’t asked bitcoin miners to shut down their operations in the country.  China is home to nearly two-thirds of the bitcoin hashrate with mining operations rampant in the Sichuan province and the autonomous regions of Inner Mongolia and Tibet that provide cheap hydroelectricity and cooler temperatures for the energy-intensive process of cryptocurrency mining.  Citing a source with knowledge of regulators’ moves, the ‘crackdown’ will extend to removing friendly treatment for mining centers near cheap hydroelectric power. Preferential policies in electricity consumption, tax cuts and land use for bitcoin mining centers are all under the scanner. Taking advantage of local connections, some mining facilities may also be consuming power a t a lower cost, the report added.  The supposed ‘closed-door’ meeting held on Wednesday between the People’s Bank of China (PBoC) and members of a major internet finance regulator, will see authorities move to “standardize” the electricity usage of ‘some’ bitcoin miners, according to  QQ.com .  Local government officials have also been asked to investigate the “nonstandard uses of electricity” after concerns that high power consumption may have affected normal electricity usage in the region, in some cases. To oversee these curbs, the National Development and Reform Commission, will also participate as the nation’s power supply regulator.  As  reported  previously, the ‘crackdown’ on bitcoin mining in China could prove to be beneficial to the wider bitcoin ecosystem by decentralizing the majority mining hashrate located in the country.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   TRON Price Jumps 150% as Founder Teases Major Partnership Twitter  The TRON price exploded by 94 percent on Thursday after the decentralized content distribution platform ’s founder teased a major partnership with a publicly-listed company. Its token, TRX, is up 150% in a 24-hour period at press time.  TRON Price Leaps 90 Percent on Thursday  As reported by CCN sister site  Hacked , the TRON price broached $0.16 this morning, capping off a run that has seen the four-month-old cryptocurrency surge by 400 percent during the first week of 2018.  At this level, TRON has an $11 billion market cap, making it the ninth most valuable cryptocurrency and ranking it above perennial heavyweights such as dash, monero, and ethereum classic. Amazingly, TRON is now worth just $1.6 billion less than litecoin, which has started the new year with a multi-day decline.  Source: CoinMarketCap  TRON ’s rally has been accompanied by an explosion in trading volume. In the last 24 hours, Binance has processed more than $2.1 billion worth of TRX trades against BTC and ETH trading pairs, and TRON has also seen significant trading volume on South Korean exchange Coinnest.  Source: CoinMarketCap  TRON Founder Teases Major Partnership  TRON ’s price increase is predicated on investor speculation that major companies are preparing to begin using TRON ’s nascent content distribution platform. This speculation is not unfounded.  In the past week, TRON founder Justin Sun has posted two tweets teasing partnerships with public companies. The first, posted on Tuesday, stated that NASDAQ-listed companies with more than 100 million users had contacted TRON seeking to form partnerships.  “We will be huge soon, ” he said.   More partnerships are coming! Even  #NASDAQ  listed companies and the giant companies with more than 100 million users started to contact us for partnership. We will be huge soon!  #TRON   #TRX   $TRX  — Justin Sun (@justinsuntron)  January 2, 2018   The second, posted Thursday morning, said that TRON had formed a partnership with a  “very prestigious public company ” and would reveal the details next week.   We will announce our partnership with a very prestigious public listed company next week. Looking forward to it!  — Justin Sun (@justinsuntron)  January 4, 2018   These tweets have understandably increased demand for TRON, as investors believe it could see both short- and long-term price gains. However, prospective buyers should keep in mind that it is easy to let one ’s imagination run wild, and announcements do not always live up to the hype.  Moreover, as spelled out in the TRON whitepaper, the platform will not reach its full implementation for at least several years, although the strength of the project ’s development team, which includes a number of former Alibaba developers, will likely give many investors the confidence to hold onto their tokens for the long haul.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)ccn.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ripple Price Surges 35%, Hits $141 Billion Market Cap Twitter  The Ripple price, which many investors claimed could not increase further after reaching $3, has demonstrated yet another 33.8 percent surge over the past 24 hours, as the market valuation of Ripple surpassed $141 billion.   Meteoric Rise  Over the past seven days, the market valuation of Ripple has risen from $52 billion to $141 billion, by nearly three-fold.  Ryan Shea, a highly respected bitcoin developer and the co-founder of Blockstack, revealed that the “implied” market cap of Ripple, or the market valuation of the Ripple network based on the maximum supply of XRP, has surpassed bitcoin.   Here’s how logical crypto markets are  – Ripple’s fully diluted market cap is now larger than Bitcoin’s, and Stellar’s is nearly tied with Ethereum’s  pic.twitter.com/VZjdUx7diL  — Ryan Shea (@ryaneshea)  January 4, 2018  A specific event or a partnership had not pushed the price of XRP up over the past few days. Rather, the meteoric rise in the value of Ripple has led to a flurry of mainstream media reports, introducing Ripple to an entirely new consumer base and group of investors.  While analysts such as cryptocurrency fund Autonomous Partners founder and managing director Arianna Simpson believe that the price of Ripple will not increase further at this value, many still predict the market valuation of Ripple to be sustained due to the increasing awareness of the blockchain network from Wall Street and investors in the traditional finance sector.  Simpson said:  “Ripple is not at all decentralized. It is actually the antithesis of decentralization. I wouldn’t be surprised to see the price continue to rise because I know that the team has a number of community and marketing initiatives in Q1 and Q2.  I think a lot of that will drive interest. I also think the fact that XRP is now on Bloomberg terminals will drive a lot of awareness and interest from Wall Street and traditional financial players.”  Conditional Valuation  Over the past week, most of the interest towards Ripple has come from the South Korean and Japanese cryptocurrency markets, triggered by the partnership between SBI Ripple Asia and major Asian banks. Within the first quarter of 2018, more than 90 Japanese and South Korean banks are expected to utilize the Ripple blockchain technology at a large commercial scale, processing many billions of dollars on the network.  It can also be said that the current market valuation of Ripple is conditional in the abovementioned accomplishment. If banks struggle or fail to implement the Ripple network at a commercial scale and use it to process real transaction volumes, the market valuation of Ripple could sharply drop.  In contrast, if the tests and commercialization of the Ripple network by leading banks in Japan and South Korea are completed seamlessly by the end of quarter 1 in 2018, the price of Ripple also could increase. Because of this condition, analysts are cautious in providing predictions for the price of XRP.  Still, the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market accounts for more than 40 percent of Ripple’s global trades, even though the daily trading volume of Ripple has increased to $8 billion, significantly higher than that of Ethereum and Bitcoin Cash. It has also achieved 50 percent of bitcoin’s market valuation, becoming the second cryptocurrency to do so over the past 12 months apart from Ethereum.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ethereum Price Hits Historic $1,000 Milestone, Eyes $100 Billion Market Cap Twitter  The ethereum price crossed $1,000 on Thursday, marking yet another historic milestone for the third-largest cryptocurrency.  Ethereum Price Rips Past $1,000  Only four days have been marked off on the calendar, but January has already been a banner month for the altcoin markets. In this brief span, the combined value of altcoin market caps has swelled by more than $140 billion, and altcoins now account for more than two-thirds of the  cryptocurrency market cap . Earlier this week, ripple became the first altcoin to achieve a $100 billion market cap, and ethereum now appears poised to add its name to this exclusive list.  Like most cryptocurrencies, ethereum has been on an extended rally since the beginning of December, when it was priced at $428. Over the course of the month, the  ethereum price  rose by 76 percent  — even as bitcoin endured a moderate decline  — and it ended the year at $752.  Despite dropping behind a  surging ripple , ethereum extended its rally into 2018, breaking through both $800 and $900 earlier in the week. This afternoon  — at approximately 14:00 UTC  — the ethereum price achieved a historic milestone, ripping past the $1,000 mark for the first time in its history.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Ethereum now has a market cap of $98.1 billion, placing it within reach of becoming the third cryptocurrency to achieve a $100 billion market cap.  Although ethereum has yet to reach $1,000 on most Western exchanges, South Korean traders have bid the price of ether up to $1,322, allowing its global average to extend into four-digit territory. At present, a plurality of ETH trading is concentrated on Binance, which accounts for more than 20 percent of daily ETH volume.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Traders Bullish on Casper Alpha Release  Although ethereum ’s march past $1,000 occurred against a backdrop of a wider altcoin surge, at least a portion of its movement is likely tied to the announcement that the  Casper consensus algorithm  had entered alpha testing, complete with a public testnet, paving the way for the network to transition from proof-of-work (PoW) to proof-of-stake (PoS).  Though Casper is far from reaching a production release, the fact that it has entered alpha testing is bullish for the ethereum price. Ethereum ’s developers believe Casper will bring a host of benefits to the ethereum network, not the least of which is the ability to dramatically reduce its inflation rate.  This will be possible because PoS requires far less electricity than PoW, incentivizing  network participants to validate transactions for lower rewards than are currently distributed to miners.  The reduced inflation rate will make individual currency units more valuable and, over time, potentially allow the network to reach a deflationary state in which fewer coins enter circulation than are lost or destroyed.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)ccn.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ethereum Price Cracks $1,000 as Crypto Markets Surpass $750 Billion Twitter  The cryptocurrency market cap achieved a new all-time high on Thursday, briefly rising above $770 billion amidst a widespread altcoin rally. The ethereum price rode this wave across the $1,000 threshold, while the ripple price appears determined to extend what has been a remarkable rally.  After entering the day at $683 billion, the  cryptocurrency market cap  climbed as high as $772 billion  — an intraday increase of 13 percent. Following a Thursday morning dip, the combined value of all cryptocurrencies is now $753 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Dips Below $15,000  The rally was accomplished without the help of bitcoin, which posted a daily decline of approximately one percent. This forced the bitcoin price below $15,000, a mark to which it had recovered on Tuesday following a  report  that a prominent Silicon Valley venture capital firm had made a major bet on bitcoin. At the time of writing, the bitcoin price was trading at $14,445 on Bitfinex  — about $400 below its global average  — reducing bitcoin ’s market cap to $249.6 billion.  24-Hour Bitcoin Price Chart  The day ’s movements also reduced bitcoin ’s market share  — often called the bitcoin dominance index  — to another all-time low. At present, bitcoin accounts for just 33.1 percent of the cryptocurrency market cap, while altcoins comprise the other 66.9 percent.  Ethereum Price Cracks $1,000 While Ripple Adds 33 Percent  The  ethereum price  made an impressive advance on Thursday, but ripple continued to consolidate its position as the second-largest cryptocurrency.  Ethereum, long the second-most valuable cryptocurrency but recently forced into third, rose by 11 percent, bringing the ethereum price to a present value of $937 on Bitfinex. Thanks to Korean premiums, the global ethereum price rose to an  all-time high  of $1,045 as ETH briefly became the third cryptocurrency to achieve a market cap of $100 billion.  24-Hour Ethereum Price Chart  As impressive as this rally was, however, ethereum actually lost ground against second-ranked ripple, which exploded by another 33 percent to raise its price to $3.16 on Bittrex and $3.63 overall. Ripple now has a market cap of $140.6 billion, which is 56 percent as large as that of bitcoin.  24-Hour Ripple Price Chart  Altcoins Peak at $520 Billion  Unsurprisingly, the ripple and ethereum rallies lifted the altcoin market cap to a high-water mark. The combined value of altcoins peaked at $520 billion this morning  — a mark it achieved just two days after reaching $400 billion for the first time.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Though led by ripple and ethereum, the altcoin advance was spurred by strong showings from a number of other altcoins, even though several large cryptocurrencies posted single-day declines.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The bitcoin cash price was one of those outliers, plunging 13 percent to $2,388. Cardano, on the other hand, leaped by 27 percent to raise its market cap to $32 billion. NEM and stellar also posted double-digit increases, rising 52 percent and 13 percent, respectively. Litecoin and IOTA, meanwhile, each declined for the second consecutive day, falling seven percent and four percent.  The day ’s most impressive performance came from TRON, a token that is likely unfamiliar to many investors. Marketed as a decentralized content distribution platform, the TRON price rose by 107 percent on Thursday, raising its market cap to $10.4 billion and storming into the 10th spot in the market cap rankings, supplanting dash, which has been a top-10 stalwart for years.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)ccn.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Korean Law Firm Appeals Against Govt ’s Cryptocurrency Trading Rules Twitter  A law firm in Seoul,  South Korea  has filed an appeal against the government ’s new cryptocurrency trading rules. Anguk Law filed the suit which claims regulating trading through administrative guidance has no legal basis and infringes on property rights, according to  The Korea Times  The suit was filed through the Constitutional Court’s online appeal system. The law firm claims it will prepare additional appeals filed by investors and virtual currency exchanges.  Property Rights At Stake  The firm contended cryptocurrencies are property, not legal tender, and as such, it can be exchanged through legitimate currencies or other assets with economic value. The law firm claims the government’s regulations released on Dec. 13 and Dec. 28 constitute “unconstitutional” authority.  The government issued the  regulations  in response to the country’s rapidly growing cryptocurrency trading over the last few months. The government has advised banks to stop permitting exchanges to offer virtual accounts to traders. The government said it will have the exchanges transfer funds through investors’ “real name accounts” that can verify the account holder’s identity to prevent money laundering and other  illegal activities.  Most virtual currency exchanges in South Korea use virtual accounts that link to bank accounts. Virtual accounts allow exchanges to manage their clients’ funds more easily.  Also read:  Premature: Seoul academic blasts South Korean Government ’s bitcoin regulations  Banks Halt Virtual Accounts  Following the announcement, banks have stopped permitting exchanges to open new virtual accounts. It is therefore not possible for exchanges to serve new investors. The government’s approved trading based on the use of real names is expected to start by Jan. 20.  The government does not recognize virtual currency as a legitimate financial product. Because there is no law governing the virtual currency tokens, the tokens are akin to commodities that can be freely traded, the law firm stated.  The law firm released a statement saying the government is devaluing virtual currencies by making them difficult to trade, which amounts to an infringement on property rights. Jeong Hee-chan, a lawyer at the firm, said regulations are needed, but they should be based on laws. The lawsuit asks the government to recognize property rights and adopt regulations based on a social co nsensus.  Hee-chan said it is “very worrisome” the government links investor success to morally reprehensible speculation without sufficiently reviewing the matter.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   War of the Words: How to Improve Public Understanding of Blockchain Technology Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  It certainly is a curious case, how Bitcoin has come to be  one of the most talked about economic trends  of 2017. Yet if you were to ask the vast majority of people, you would be hard-pressed to find a response that accurately resembles the basic tenets of its operation.  It ’s admittedly not helped by the  farcical launch of the SegWit2x fork ; however, these complications haven ’t stopped people from talking about it, no matter what their level of technical competency, with the results ranging from cringe-worthy to hilarious.  Even Stephen Fry, establishment proclaimed genius, threw his hands up in intellectual defeat as he stated in a recent tweet that:    I don 't consider myself preternaturally stupid but whenever someone tries to explain the principles of blockchains to me I begin to feel an overpowering need to bathe my temples in eau de cologne and go for a lie down  — Stephen Fry (@stephenfry)  December 27, 2017   Consumer fintech: public exposure, awareness and understanding  Compared to acronyms such as  ‘NFC ’ and  ‘PIN, ’ cryptocurrency related terminologies haven ’t quite fully entered the public lexicon. Nor have they enjoyed the scale of marketing or exposure that technologies such as contactless payments and credit card technologies have received. There are numerous reasons why this may be, one of which being lack of partnerships or significant investment from the establishment market leaders in comparison to centralized payment proc essing technology/products.  For perspective, just think of the first time you saw an advert for contactless card technology. In the UK, Barclays PLC bank held a timed-exclusivity deal for featuring such technology in their credit and debit cards. Being understandably proud of this situation, the bank launched a significant multi-media campaign. This included a distinguishably high budget, widely televised  advert featuring a water-park slide being ridden by a middle-aged businessman  – through tubes that were suspended through and around the skyscrapers of London ’s iconic skyline.  These adverts are not still being shown today, nor are any others for the same technology, and this is because the original campaign succeeded. People got their hands on contactless cards and subsequently learned how to use them, which paved the way for the next technologies to be introduced. When mobile phone-based contactless payment technologies were introduced, they receive d a larger level of word of mouth buzz – thanks largely in part to their partnership with the two most influential mobile phone organizations resulting in desirable and popular products  ‘Apple Pay ’ and  ‘Android Pay. ’  Once the seed is planted, it appears that familiarity across generations of technological developments becomes an organic path of learning within the public consciousness. In fact, the NFC technology that these mobile payment products is based on is so widespread now that even a child can use it. Quite literally as it serves as an integral feature of Nintendo ’s current line-up of video-games consoles, games, and merchandise (see:  ‘Amiibos ’)!  Grass-roots marketing: driving awareness through culturally relevant use cases  PayPal was one of the progenitors of online payment technologies that operated (relatively) outside the mainstream corporate jurisdiction, and their success has owed almost entirely due to the real-life use case of eBay. If you wanted to use this then-revolutionary marketplace, as either a buyer or seller, then you were encouraged to sign up for and use a PayPal account. It off ered instant receipt of payments for the Sellers, and promises of financial security in the case of fraud for the Buyers which was previously unheard of at the time. Needless to say, the company wouldn ’t be the monolithic entity that it has become since their creation in 1998 without the successes they achieved as a result of their key partnership  – with such a contemporarily popular and desirable service.  If Blockchain based ICOs are going to fully permeate the mainstream discussion and become a part of everyday vocabulary, we are going to need more than its killer product  ‘Bitcoin. ’ Each and every entrepreneur in this new economy need to use their opportunity, especially at ICO stage, to really impress the ever-growing audience of critical onlookers. One of the best ways to do this for the Blockchain is with a use-case example that can prove the concept effectively to both technical experts and novices alike, such as the aforementioned eBay and Bitcoin.  The new generation of ICO innovators  Let ’s take Lina for example, who describes it ’s visionary aspirations to  “ change the dubious understanding about ICO and Blockchain and closely apply on daily life ”   w ith a solution for people who either purchase or sell products online. Their  ‘Lina.review ’ platform is a community driven product review platform which currently manages a worldwide community of engaged users.  What is novel about their approach in comparison to their mainstream peers is the promise to reward writers of high quality and consistent reviews with monetary compensation – accumulated from the mining-based nature of their tokenized economy. Reviews are said to be vetted thoroughly, with writers being required to submit their CV along with writing examples.   This is a prime example of how a new company should show the tangible value of their Blockchain based solutions: with a working proof of concept or “use case.” Furthermore, the multi-faceted benefits to sellers, reviewer and customers are appealing not only to enthusiasts and investors but to the average member of the public: as its applications are easily identifiable and appl icable to real life scenarios.  Lina  is set to launch their ICO on Jan. 15 th  2018 and, if successful, it could lead to a greater public understanding of basic crypto-concepts in the future. The system should also equip potential customers with more confidence when shopping online, in addition to providing merchants with increased sales as a result.  
DECREASE	   Smart Contracts Made Simple: The Fabric Token Platform Twitter  This is a sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  As a self-enforcing piece of software code that executes on a blockchain once the terms of the agreement are met, a smart contract is immutable.   Hence, such contracts require no intermediary to ensure that the parties meet the terms, making them one of the most useful business opportunities since the rise of the Internet. Smart contracts reduce transaction times and the costs associated with intermediaries and legal protections dramatically.  Accenture Consulting, for example, estimated that smart contracts can save banks 70% of the potential cost of central finance reporting, 30% to 50% of the cost of compliance, 50% of the cost of centralized operations, and up to 50% of business operations cost.  While major financial companies and businesses in a variety of industries have already recognized blockchain technology’s benefits and are investing in it, the cost of adoption remains out of reach for most organizations. The difficulty in implementing blockchain technology is compounded by the amount of technical expertise it requires.  The more complex a smart contract, the harder and consequently more expensive it gets, due to the fact that in more complex algorithms relationships emerge between different pieces of code. This also leads to more loopholes and a greater chance of a security breach.  Thus organizations interested in utilizing blockchain smart contracts require the assistance of specialists with the necessary technical expertise to write the algorithms in a computer-understandable, blockchain-supported language such as Solidity.  Unfortunately, only a minority of software developers and ICT skilled workers are in a position to take advantage of blockchain technology, as most still regard it as unstable and/or experimental.  An October 2016 study found that 8,833 of the 19,336 Ethereum smart contracts currently in place were flagged as vulnerable by a symbolic execution tool called  Oyente. In addition, 3,056 (15.7%) were found to be transaction ordering dependent, meaning the code was open to manipulation due to the way transactions are bundled in blocks and how new blocks are appended to the blockchain.  The Fabric Token Solution  Fabric Token marks an attempt to make blockchain smart contracts accessible and affordable to more businesses and organizations by providing a bundle of user-friendly software.  The first component of the Fabric Token ecosystem is the token itself, used to pay for products and services within the ecosystem.  TokenGen: Intuitive Smart Contract Generator  TokenGen, the second component of the Fabric Token ecosystem, is a platform for generating smart contracts. TokenGen will provide the foundation to bridge human and computer language by offering a web interface and pre-defined smart contract templates for tokens.  With TokenGen, users will select their smart contract functionality, provide information such as token name and symbol, pay a small fee and get their smart contract code ready for deployment.  DApp Workbench: Implementing Blockchain  & Smart Contracts Into Business Process Management  While TokenGen will allow users to generate smart contracts for the more common aspects of the token economy, DApp Workbench, the third component of the Fabric Token ecosystem, will allow businesses to integrate smart contracts into their process management.  DApp Workbench will address a more advanced development of contracts that helps design intra- and inter-organizational processes on a blockchain. It addresses challenges specific to both internal and cross-organizational business processes.  A smart contract could, for example, allow for appropriate security measures to ensure that the right people have signed off on a project and check that the signatures are not forged and the proposal has not been subsequently modified. The process can also be re-engineered to fit the changing requirements of a company’s internal processes, thus eliminating the complexity that e nterprise resource planning systems usually bring.  DApp Workbench will provide the foundation for standardizing business process execution and management on blockchains. It will further provide a chance for mainstream adoption of blockchain technology within any industry or organization that can benefit from it.  Fabric Store: A Decentralized Marketplace for Smart Contract Component  The last component of the Fabric Token ecosystem will be a marketplace called Fabric Store that will allow third-party developers to expand the ecosystem.  The Fabric Store will enable developers to sell components such as software libraries, UI addons and themes for the Fabric Token software solutions.  The marketplace will provide immutability of its data, ensuring that no central authority, not even Fabric Token’s creators, can alter the reviews left by users, a common complaint in even the most established online marketplaces. Its immutability will also prevent chargeback fraud, another complaint with online marketplaces.  Fabric Token Launch  The Fabric Token launch, scheduled for Feb. 15, 2018 at 10:00:00 UTC, will raise a maximum of $9 million USD. 1 ETH will equal around 8,300 Fabric Tokens ($0.1125) at current ETH/USD rates. The Fabric Token smart contract address will be announced 48 hours before the fundraiser begins.  The token launch will complete either after 45 days or until the maximum target is reached.  Eighty percent of the tokens will be available for sale to the general public, while 12% will go to the Fabric Token core team and be released after 12 months. Seven percent will be allocated to advisors and released after six months, and the final 1% will be used for the bounty program.  For more information about the Fabric Token project, visit the official website of the blockchain-based startup:  https://fabrictoken.io/     
DECREASE	   The KWATT Coin Tokenized Electricity Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  2017 has been a record breaking, awe inspiring rollercoaster ride for cryptocurrency valuations with over 2000% valuation increases. With all the hype and global attention on Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, Initial Coin Offerings have attempted to tokenize just about everything in 2017. However, in this culture of tokenization, what everybody has failed to observe is that,  with price spikes in crypto valuations comes energy spikes in transactions processing.   As of September 30, 2017, 1 Bitcoin transaction could power 7.5 homes in the US for a day.  As of December 31, 2017, 1 Bitcoin transaction could power 10.5 homes in the US for a day.   This trend should cause severe alarm and provide us all with reason for concern. Furthermore, with a tidal wave of ICOs forthcoming this year all intending to take advantage of the hype and frenzy that is frothing within the crypto community, the consumption of electricity to process all these transactions is only expected to rise exponentially.  Currently blockchain networks are organized either as Proof of Work or Proof of Stake.  A proof-of-work (POW) system (or protocol, or function) is an economic measure to deter denial of service attacks and other service abuses such as spam on a network by requiring some work from the service requester, usually meaning processing time by a computer.  On the contrary, Proof of Stake (PoS) concept states that a person can mine or validate block transactions according to how many coins he or she holds. This means that the more Bitcoin or altcoin owned by a miner, the more mining power he or she has.  While we all look forward to proof of stake to evolve, nevertheless, the most sought after, pioneer proven currency remains Bitcoin, which continues to operate on a proof of work methodology. This is why the network is voraciously consuming electricity for the foreseeable future.  This situation is extremely reminiscent of the heated debate experienced between our dependence on fossil fuel consumption versus our shift to renewable energy consumption as a civilization. This debate has been ongoing for over two decades now, and our dependence on fossil fuels is anticipated to continue for the foreseeable future similar to our dependence on proof of work.   In lieu of this culminating impending crisis, one company has taken measures to solve this head on.  4NEW  Limited, a UK based Waste to Energy treatment plant, launched its pre-sale in the fall of 2017. 4NEW successfully raised USD 30.5MM from US private equity funds in a conventional round of funding, achieving their soft cap requirement. Now with the funding for the plant secured, 4NEW has allocated all its electricity output into its coin, namely  KWATT . The plant has a capacity of generating 300 million kilowatts per annum. With a total coin supply of 300 million, each KWATT Coin will be backed by 1 kilowatt of electricity.  This electricity will be applied towards the mining of bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies. So while blockchain network protocols take time to evolve into a more energy efficient network, we can have a sustainable mechanism via which cryptocurrencies can transact in an environmentally responsible fashion with zero impact to the climate as is the case with dependence on fossil f uel generated electricity.   Furthermore, for the first time, we have a utility company solely dedicated to providing energy to blockchain networks; With the people holding the power to allocate this energy in their desired location via a voting structure only available to the KWATT coin holders. Needless to say, 4NEW has successfully tokenized electricity, the most sought after commodity for our civilizat ion with applications not just within the crypto community but also mainstream utilization.  Website:  www.4new.co.uk  Video Link:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjqcsBQkAwE  Telegram   –  https://t.me/joinchat/EgIZbBDLYGHlhtbSS58i-Q  Facebook  –  https://www.facebook.com/4newcoin/  Twitter  –  https://twitter.com/4newcoin  Instagram  –  https://www.instagram.com/4newcoin/  LinkedIn  –  https://www.linkedin.com/company/4new/  
DECREASE	   JoyToken Brings Transparency and Anonymity to Online Gambling Industry Twitter  This is a sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Game development for the online gambling industry is fraught with challenges and rigid requirements. These challenges have severely limited their access to the $35.97 billion online gambling market, robbing the industry of potentially exciting and revolutionary game mechanisms and leaving control in the hands of an elite few. However, the inability of these traditional operator s to offer a transparent and auditable system for players has continued to limit their ability to attract new audiences especially among millennials who value privacy, anonymity, and transparency for online experiences.   Joy Gaming is here to address all these through its groundbreaking  JoyToken .  Gaming With Joy  Joy Gaming is a blockchain-based platform that enables developers to create and run games through smart contracts. This innovative approach to game distribution and engagement is poised to usher in an unprecedented level of transparency and accountability for the industry by allowing players verify the authenticity of every game on the network. It will also enable developer inc rease liquidity pool by providing tools for direct integration with liquidity providers like casinos. Designed and developed on Ethereum blockchain, Joy Gaming leverages smart contracts to record and protect every engagement on the network. This will enable users to have complete control over their wallet and allow them to audit the outcomes and rewards on the network in real-t ime.   Infrastructure Protocol for the Gaming Industry  Joy Gaming enterprising solution is made up of three key components; Blockchain Layer, Game Applications, and the Random Number Generator (RNG).   The blockchain layer comprises of three core functions; token management, game outcome management, and audit of RNG. Unlike the heavily mediated system found in the traditional online casino, Joy Gaming gives users total control over their funds through a decentralized wallet that directly connects their bets to the network ’s smart contract. The smart contract manages and verifies play outcome automatically and allocate funds to winning play with no third-party interferences. Outcomes are based on decentralized and provably fair algorithms linked to the blockchain.  A Frictionless Token  Joy Gaming ecosystem is powered by JoyTokens issued through Ethereum blockchain protocol. These tokens facilitate a frictionless reward system for both players and developers. Casinos can guarantee real-time affiliate payments to all developers and receive payments from players, while independent developers will be able to receive commissions. JoyToken ’s Token Generation Event (TGE) will launch in February 2018 and will be made available for global usage in countries where it is compliant with local gaming laws  
DECREASE	   Former FDIC Chair Argues against Banning Bitcoin Twitter  Sheila Bair, former director of the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), recently argued that bitcoin shouldn’t be banned because of its  “lack of intrinsic value.” Instead, the government should ensure a well-informed market, free from fraud, manipulation. and speculation.  In an op-ed piece for  Yahoo Finance , Bair initially pointed out that bitcoin is a bubble, given its meteoric rise this year, and that it’s hard for regulators to know what to do given that they “know people are going to lose a lot of money.” Disagreeing with the “ban bitcoin” rhetoric, she argued money has historically depended “more on psychology than physical attributes.”  She wrote:  “Since the beginning of commerce, humans have assigned value to things of no readily-apparent intrinsic worth. Particularly in the case of mediums of exchange, aka currency, we assign value simply because those with whom we transact do so as well.”  Citing historical examples where governments failed to maintain the value of their fiat currencies, she noted bitcoin’s value is partly derived from a lack of reliance on central bank backing, as some of the cryptocurrency’s investors may have “more faith in technology than in their government.”  Bair, who currently advises a number of fintech startups after heading the FDIC from 2006 to 2011, added that the bitcoin ecosystem has grown to a scale that belies attempts to label it worthless and that the promise of a peer-to-peer currency “has a strong allure.” She clarified that albeit the market is in a bubble, it shouldn’t be banned, just like the Netherlands didn’t ban  tulips in the 17th century, or like the government didn’t ban tech stocks in the early 2000s.  Proposed government approach to bitcoin  Instead of banning bitcoin, Bair said governments should make sure their policies “don’t feed the frenzy,” so as to prevent the so-called speculative mania that’s driving bitcoin’s value up. She added:  “Government should also take steps to help ensure that the bitcoin price— wherever the market assigns it — is reflective of investors making informed decisions, free of fraud and manipulation, and that trading is not facilitating illicit activity.  Bair then mentioned what she believes were positive steps toward these objectives, specifically mentioning New York’s virtual currency licensure framework, also known as BitLicense. Moreover, she praised the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) on its work pressing both CBOE and CME, the exchanges trading  bitcoin futures , to institute information sharing with cryptocurrency exchanges. Per Bair, this will, in turn, help monitor fraud and market manipulation in the bitcoin market.  She then praised the Securities and Exchange Commission’s ( SEC ) work, proactively protecting investors against Initial Coin Offering ( ICO ) scams. She further argued that to prevent bad actors from using cryptocurrencies for illicit purposes, exchanges should be regulated. She said:  “Most bitcoin exchanges are not subject to the same level of regulation and reporting requirements applicable to banks to screen customers and detect and report suspected instances of illicit financing. They should be.”  At the end of the piece, she mentioned bitcoin isn’t the “first market mania, nor will it be the last.” As such, she urged investors not to put in more than they can afford to lose, to do their homework, and to keep in mind the cryptocurrency’s price can fall in a flash, citing the recent  Christmas correction .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Google Trends: Search Queries for  ‘Bitcoin ’ Surpass Queries for  ‘Trump ’ Twitter  According to  Google Trends data , people are currently using the search engine to find out more about the flagship cryptocurrency, bitcoin, than they to find out more about the president of the United States, Donald Trump.   This shows how much interest in bitcoin has been increasing throughout the year, justifying the incredible userbase surge the cryptocurrency ecosystem faced. The surge was so big various cryptocurrency exchanges suffered outages amid record highs,  including U.S.-based Coinbase .  The cryptocurrency’s growth has been accompanied by a growing number of top Wall Street executives weighing in on it. These include JP Morgan’s chief executive  Jamie Dimon  and Nobel laureates Robert Shiller, who aid the  cryptocurrency will crash but “won’t go to zero,”  and Joseph Stiglitz who said that  bitcoin “ought to be outlawed.”  Others, like  billionaire investor Carl Icahn,  compared the cryptocurrency to historical bubbles: including the Mississippi bubble, the tulip bubble, and the dot-com bubble, among others. These comparisons made headlines, which in turn led to more bitcoin search queries.  The effect Bitcoin futures contracts, currently being traded on CBOE and CME, has certainly helped the cryptocurrency grow as well, as they allow institutional investors to get in on the cryptocurrency ecosystem with ease.  Data shows ‘bitcoin’ searches on Google surpassed ‘Trump’ searches in late November, when the cryptocurrency was starting to surge to a new all-time high. According to  CCN’s price index , in late November one bitcoin was trading at around $8,000, before the cryptocurrency started surging to $16,000 by December 7, before enduring a minor correction and making its way to an all-time high over $19,000.  At press time, bitcoin is currently trading at $15,550, after recovering from a correction that saw about 40% of its value disappear in a short amount of time.  The White House on Bitcoin  Notably, we haven’t seen the U.S. president or his administration say much about the cryptocurrency this year. After two of darknet’s markets were taken down, it was revealed president  Trump allegedly ordered the DOJ to do so .  Earlier this month, when White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders was asked about bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, the revealed  they are “being monitored” by the White House .  When pressed, she revealed a Homeland Security advisor mentioned the issue in a meeting with President Trump, but didn’t go much further. She said:  “Tom Bossert, with the Homeland Security team, an advisor to the president, has brought this up in a meeting earlier this week. I know this is something he is keeping an eye on.”  According to bitcoin bull Mike Novogratz, her response pointed to the government treating the industry favorably, as our experience so far is “that U.S: regulators have been very receptive to the whole cryptocurrency evolution.”     Excerpt: People are now searching more for the flagship cryptocurrency, than they are for the U.S. President.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Dips Below $13,000 Again, as Ripple Records Massive Gains Twitter  The bitcoin price has dipped below $13,000 for the second time in December, following the December 23 correction which led the price of bitcoin to plummet to $11,500.   Bitcoin Dominance Index at 37.9 Percent  Analysts have attributed the recent decline in the price of bitcoin to the unexpected surge in the valuation of several cryptocurrencies including Ripple and Cardano.   Over the past 24 hours, the market valuation of Ripple has increased by nearly 100 percent, surpassing $100 billion in market cap. While it has corrected since then, the market valuation of Ripple still remains above $89 billion, more than $23 billion higher than that of Ethereum.  Apart from the one brief period in November during which Bitcoin Cash overtook Ethereum for several hours, Ethereum had not given up its position as the second most valuable cryptocurrency behind bitcoin throughout the past 12 months. Yet, Ripple remains as the second most valuable cryptocurrency behind bitcoin 24 hours after it has initially taken over Ethereum.  For the first time since June, the dominance index of bitcoin over the cryptocurrency market has dipped below 38 percent. At the time of reporting, the dominance index of bitcoin is 37.9 percent, and is close to achieving an all-time low at 37.39 percent.   Historically, bitcoin has demonstrated a trend in which the value of bitcoin surges when other alternative cryptocurrencies drop. In contrast, when the value of alternative cryptocurrencies decline, the value of bitcoin has tended to increase.  As such, given that the recent fall in the price of bitcoin was mostly triggered by FOMO or fear of missing out demonstrated by a small portion of bitcoin investors switching over to Ripple, the bitcoin price will likely be able to recover to the $15,000 relatively soon, especially if the market cannot sustain the valuation of Ripple at around $90 billion.  Where Does Bitcoin Go in 2018?  Analysts have been extremely optimistic about bitcoin in 2018 for many reasons, mainly due to the rapid adoption of the cryptocurrency by major financial institutions such as the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and Chicago Board Options Exchange (Cboe), two of the largest stock markets and options exchanges in the global finance market.  As many billions of dollars in institutional money flow into the bitcoin market, analysts expect the market valuation of bitcoin to surge, potentially to the $1 trillion region, as sugged by billionaire investor Mike Novogratz and prominent financial analyst Max Keiser.  Currently, the main roadblock for bitcoin adoption and price recovery is said to be the scalability issues of the Bitcoin network. Although it still settles a volume of transactions in orders of magnitude larger than its competitors like Litecoin and Bitcoin Cash, its blockchain is congested and the transaction fees remain large.  In fact, ShapeShift, the SegWit-enabled cryptocurrency exchange, has recommended users to prevent exchanging bitcoin for an amount less than $250, due to the high fees.  If the Bitcoin network can be scaled efficiently in 2018 and the fees drop to less than $1, back to where it was earlier this year, bitcoin will likely be able to regain its dominance over the cryptocurrency market.  
DECREASE	   Ten X Co-founder: Long  “Crypto Winter ” is Coming Before 2020 Twitter  In a recent CNBC Squawk Box interview , host Dan Murphy asked if “there’s another dip to come” for Cryptocurrency.  According to his guest host, TenX co-founder Julian Hosp, the answer is “definitely,” but he thinks this dip will come “in the long run,” not immediately.  “More appreciation to come”  Even amidst the holiday season volatility , Hosp is optimistic about Bitcoin going into the new year. When prompted with a question of this volatility and whether it presents a “huge deterrent” for Bitcoin’s use as a currency, Hosp compared the asset more to a store of value rather than a traditional currency.  “I think many people also see, especially in Bitcoin, more of a digital gold,” Hosp responded.  He believes that many investors view it as a “safe haven” for value, recognizing that while “this sounds weird if you have these big plunges,” they treat it as a preferable alternative to traditional assets.    “On the other hand, if you compare this to currencies all around the world, Bitcoin might be a better store of value for some time.”  Hosp’s comments follow a holiday week that threw the cryptocurrency market into a bearish nosedive.  During the flash crash , Bitcoin fell to under $11,000, down from its all time high of $20,000 just days before. Most of the market follow suit, as crypto’s overall market cap lost $165 billion in a little over 24 hours.   Since this correction , the market seems to have found its footing and rebounded.  Bubble Pop Will Mean a “Crypto Winter,” Not a Total Crash  Hosp believes that the crypto market still has room to grow, but he also believes that it will reach an unsustainable tipping point. When this point comes, he argues that we’ll see the vast majority of these assets die, while a handful of proven ones will rise from the carnage.  “I think just like we had in the dot.com, we’re going to see a huge appreciation of these currencies,” Hosp stated.  “But to be dead honest, I think there’s only going to be a small fraction of these currencies that are having a meaningful value and they’re going to be here to stay.”  Still, he believes that this “crypto winter” is “one to two years” out, dispelling fears that the recent correction may have instilled in fledgling investors.  When winter does come, we’ll see “a big compression in the market.”  “I don ’t think it ’s going to be  a bubble that ’s just going to burst  and everyone is going to lose their money, but I think it ’s going to be that all the coins and all the assets with very little use or value are going to get sorted out, ” he continued.  2018, then, will be a year to weed out the winners from the losers in the winter to come.  Smart money, he holds, will “flow into those assets in this cryptocurrency space that really deliver value, have new technology, and are being used by people.”  As such, he cautioned listeners against “just [following] a hype, ” urging them to “really think about is this [cryptocurrency] something that’s going to be useful and will be used in the future”  Featured image from Shutterstock.     
DECREASE	   Ripple Briefly Achieves $100 Billion Market Cap, Can it be Justified? Twitter  Ripple, the cryptocurrency that was designed to handle large volumes of transactions for banks and financial institutions, recently surpassed Ethereum to achieve a staggering $100 billion market cap.  Justification of Ripple’s Market Cap  However, some experts including Ryan Selkis of ConsenSys revealed that it is difficult to justify the market cap of Ripple at this phase of development and adoption, given that not many banks out of the hundreds of Ripple’s partners are actually clearing large volumes of transactions through the Ripple blockchain on a daily basis.  Earlier this week, Selkis noted that one source of a major bank working with Ripple disclosed the lack of transaction volumes on the Ripple blockchain network, and how the Ripple token XRP is not being used for all of the transactions.  “Per a source at one of the major banks re XRP: ‘I know of no banks that are a) using it, or b) would touch it in any way as it is controlled by a SV company and 20% of all XRP in existence were taken by the founders.’” the source of Selkis said.  The source further  emphasized:  “The product that Ripple are offering to banks is simply a point-to-point messaging tool with some smart cryptography underneath to ensure that transactions are atomic. The liquidity model used is the same as correspondent banking.  Some banks will have deep pools of liquidity available to terminate payments. Ripple ’s approach with XRP has been to get it listed on a bunch of exchanges and  “infer ’ but never explicitly say that banks are using it for settlement.”  Currently, more than 90 banks in Japan and South Korea alone have partnered with Ripple and its joint venture with leading Japanese bank SBI Holdings to integrate the blockchain technology of Ripple. But, the banks are set to process real volumes of transactions in 2018, that is assuming that the pilot tests will be conducted seamlessly in the new few months.   An important aspect of the Ripple blockchain network to consider is that it is not processing sufficient volumes of transactions to justify its market valuation. The current market cap of RIpple is based on its potential and total addressable market (TAM). But, if the same measurement is used to place a valuation on bitcoin, given that bitcoin is targeting a $40 trillion market  in offshore banking, $8 trillion market in gold, and $50 trillion in global reserve currencies, the market cap of bitcoin could be in the trillions.  Ripple’s Potential  Earlier this year, Ripple had processed $180 million in payments for Swedish bank SEB, which utilized the Ripple network to settle payments for its high profile clients. In June,  CCN reported  that Ripple established a system with which banks can settle near instantaneous payments between Japan and Thailand.  “In this case, Ripple was impressive in concept and turned out to be more so in practice. Furthermore, we can expect to have more favorable foreign exchange opportunities as Ripple’s network expands,” SBI Remit director Nobuo Ando said at the time.  Evidently, Ripple is providing innovative solutions to the outdated and highly inefficient banking systems of leading financial institutions and is operating like Swift 2.0. Ripple is also processing more transactions than most of the cryptocurrencies in the market.  But, analysts believe that the current market valuation of RIpple is an overestimation of its operations.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   South Korea Not Ruling Out  ‘Shutdown ’ of Bitcoin Exchanges in the Future: Govt Official Twitter  South Korea is not banning bitcoin, but a top government official says that regulators “will consider” shutting down cryptocurrency exchanges in the future if proposed regulations fail to cool off what they consider to be “irrationally overheated” markets in the country.  South Korea Will  ‘Consider ’ Shutting Down Bitcoin Exchanges, Says Govt. Official  According to multiple local media reports, Hong Nam-ki, minister of South Korea’s Office for Government Policy Coordination, said that regulators will consider shutting down cryptocurrency exchanges if new measures intended to curb cryptocurrency speculation fail to have the desired effect.  “We are planning to consider every possible measure in the future, including the shutdown of exchanges,” Hong told reporters, according to  BusinessKorea , an English-language news service based in Seoul.  A report from fellow Seoul publication  The Korea Times  added that Hong said that Korea’s Ministry of Justice had already proposed shutting down cryptocurrency exchanges, although the government has yet to follow-up on this proposal.  As CCN has  reported , South Korea announced a bevy of new regulations governing cryptocurrency exchanges located in the country. Under the new measures, users will no longer be allowed to trade anonymously, and both minors and foreigners will be barred from creating trading accounts. Moreover, exchanges will be prohibited from allowing traders to open new accounts until name verification policies have been implemented.  The government has also begun conducting  onsite inspections  of cryptocurrency exchanges, a practice which it began in earnest following the hack of local exchange Youbit and the company’s subsequent bankruptcy filing. According to a statement published following the inspections, regulators deemed the security and management operations of most exchanges to be “inadequate.”  Bitcoin Mania a  ‘Pathological Phenomenon ’  These measures are intended to cool off Korea’s heated cryptocurrency markets, which often price coins at significant premiums, both due to local demand and the difficulty of international arbitrage. More than  three out of 10 Korean office workers  have invested in bitcoin, and even  middle school students  have taken to day trading.  South Korea’s cryptocurrency mania has become so pronounced that even Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon commented on the matter, calling it a “ pathological phenomenon ” that could enhance criminal activity.  But although regulators have suggested that closing exchanges is a possibility, many traders believe that a blanket shutdown is unlikely, especially considering the immense size of the domestic markets. A more likely scenario is that the government will close individual exchanges for non-compliance with regulatory requirements, a move that could help prevent future hacks and strengthen the markets over the long-term.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   South Korean Students Flock to Cryptocurrency despite Establishment ’s Warnings Twitter  Young people in  South Korea  are defying warnings from lawmakers and financial officials who consider cryptocurrencies fraught with fraud. More than a dozen students gathered recently at Sungkyunkwan University in Seoul to share ideas about investing in cryptocurrencies,  Reuters  reports.  Eoh Kyong-hoon, 23, once an aspiring math teacher, founded the Cryptofactor club and plans for a career in cryptocurrencies, having studied them for more than 10 hours a day for several months. Young South Koreans are anxious for something new as their country’s economy has been shaken by high unemployment among people their age.  Government Clamps Down  The government this week announced regulations on speculating in cryptocurrency.  Government concerns aren’t unfounded, given the recent bankruptcy filing of a South Korean cryptocurrency exchange following its second hacking in one year.  Prime Minister Lee Nak-yeon warned in November that young people are chasing fast profits, which is why the government must take action to prevent a “serious pathological phenomena if left unchecked.”  Young People Not Swayed  Eoh remains unfazed, having recently made a 20-fold gain on investments in the past six months.  Many students bring laptops to class to trade and track their investments, oblivious to professors giving lectures.  Young people are gravitating to altcoins that trade at lower values than bitcoin, according to analysts. Jim Jinhua, a leader of the Korea Blockchain Industry Association, which includes 14  virtual currency exchanges , said young people, thanks to their mobility, can do better with altcoin investments providing they can ascertain the better values.  One altcoin,  Iota , rose from $0.82 in late November to $3.89 at the present time, a 374.4% gain, according to coinmarketcap.com. Another altcoin, Energo, gained 40% during the period.  Some young people don’t go to sleep until after 2 a.m. when the cryptocurrency markets in South Korea and Japan close. Club members consult one another on investment decisions.  Lee Ji-woo, 22, a sports industry major, knew nothing about cryptocurrencies or the economy until recently. She now has different aspirations, including being an investor in addition to being an athlete.  Shin Dong-hwa, head of the Korea Blockchain Exchange, said the dismal employment outlook will continue to foster young peoples ’ interest in cryptocurrencies. When they go on social media, they are exposed to reports of their peers earning large amounts of money.  Also read:  Survey: 31% of South Korean professionals are cryptocurrency investors  Financial Establishment Skeptical  Members of the country’s financial establishment are skeptical.  Kim Yong-beom, vice chairman of the Financial Services Commission, said prices are only rising because investors expect new buyers to pay a higher price, likening cryptocurrencies to a Ponzi scheme. Some see students are more interested in getting rich fast than on focusing on the underlying financial or technological values associated with cryptocurrency.  Yun Chang-hyun, an economics professor at the University of Seoul, said there is no way to measure the true value of cryptocurrencies yet, but students nonetheless flock to them, thinking they will earn a lot of money quickly.  Cryptofactor club members argue they started the club due to the lack of dedicated cryptocurrency classes. They see their efforts as moving away from speculation to informed investing. Kim Myung-jae, 19, said she realized she was speculating rather than investing before joining the club. The fine arts student said she is fond of altcoins, and she is looking at their true value  after discussing them with other club members.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   With Money Token, There Is No Reason to Sell Your BTC When You Need Cash or Stable Currency Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Jerome MacGillivray and Alex Rass have announced  the creation of  MoneyToken , a Blockchain based Financial Ecosystem that provides loans in stable currencies, secured using asset-based cryptocurrencies like BTC and ETH.  The MoneyToken ecosystem includes:  Сryptocurrency-backed Loan Platform. Stablecoin. MoneyToken Exchange service.  Notice:  Recently MoneyToken filed the patent application a new patent application for cryptocurrency backed loans technology to WIPO, the World Intellectual Property Organization .  What problem is MoneyToken solving?  For cryptocurrency holders the problem is obvious — currencies like Bitcoin are not an attractive or preferable means of payment.  Miners and owners of Bitcoin are choosing holding strategy.  Holders who spent their Bitcoins in the past few years can only look back with some regret at the position they would now be in had they kept hold of their crypto-assets.  But there are always going to be times when asset holders need liquid funds to pay for immediate needs — whether that is for further business investment (such as miners who need to upgrade equipment or enlarge their operations), extending their asset positions (both in classical assets and crypto-assets), or to pay for immediate day-to-day expenses.  This is where  Money Token  comes in. The MoneyToken platform allows you to borrow liquid funds right now, based on the current and future value of your cryptocurrency asset holdings. You take out a short or medium term loan, collateralized with more volatile assets such as BitCoin and Ethereum — and in return you receive an agreed loan amount in a stable currency. On successful repayment, you receive back your crypto-assets in full.  –  Jerome MacGillivray , co-founder MoneyToken.com   How does that benefit the crypto community?   MoneyToken gives the crypto community the opportunity to use cryptocurrency holdings just like any other classic asset class; borrowing today, based on the expected future value of the asset. Customers get to hold onto their growing assets whilst gaining the ability to spend and make investments right now.  Since the ownership of a blockchain-based asset is verifiable, and the value is transparent to the market, users don’t need to undergo invasive and unnecessary credit checks — there is nothing added to users credit history or any public credit file. Equally the loan decision can be made almost instantaneously — there is no need for MoneyToken to make extensive evaluations of the market value of clients assets (unlike, for example, as happens if you remortgage a property).  Difference from other crypto-backed loans platforms:  1) MoneyToken is an infrastructure project. It’s not just a lending platform: MoneyToken has its own ecosystem, aimed at creating its own stablecoin and decentralized exchange service.   2) The majority of the projects on the credit market are based on a P2P model, in which the platform acts as an intermediary. MoneyToken model is b2b2c. The platform has its own credit fund and acts as a lender. The clients of the platform act as borrowers.                                                                                                                     3) Most of these projects issue loans in fiat money. MoneyToken also allows loans in stablecoins (bitUSD, USDT, Dai and MTC  – MoneyToken own stablecoin); the MoneyToken team believes that future of payment methods lies in cryptocurrency.       4) While most of the platforms have geographic restrictions, MoneyToken will be fully available to the clients from all over the world.  5) Other platforms mostly use tokens to pay fees within the service. MoneyToken, however, does not apply any additional fees, and the token plays a unique infrastructure role, providing benefits, such as a discount on the interest rate.  About the Team  MoneyTokens board members have strong experience in IT, FinTech and Banking in companies such as Goldman Sachs, Prudential Financial and CitiBank. Both founders operate tech companies in NY, London and Europe.  We have been investing, trading and studying the cryptocurrency market over many years, so the need for a cryptocurrency-backed loan platform has been obvious to us for some time, that ’s the reason why we have brought all our experience and knowledge together to form MoneyToken .  –  Jerome MacGillivray , co-founder of MoneyToken.com  What’s next?  Since the MoneyToken team started the concept of this system in early 2017 they have been super-busy. Development is well underway already and both the official operational launch of the platform, and the TGE are planned to take place in early 2018.  The MoneyToken team has also been busy creating Amanda — the AI agent who will sit behind the platform and conduct automated loan processing, calculations and notifications.   Amanda will be launching in a demonstration mode to showcase the features of MoneyToken before the official platform launch in 2018.  You can find out a lot more about the project at a website  moneytoken.com  or on social media:  Telegram chat YouTube channel Medium Twitter Facebook  
DECREASE	   Blockchain in Gaming Industry Creates an Inclusive Environment That Boosts the e-Sports Marketplace  Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  The art of gaming has undergone constant evolution since the ancient days of human existence. With peculiar motivations based on the era in consideration, competition turns out to be one of the natural essence of human nature.   These competitions at different times and ages have emanated from the backdrop of survival, fun, recreation, relevance and career. Hence, humankind have barely existed as an entity of competition.  Technology changes everything  With technological advancement, the  gaming industry has developed  into a robust marketplace and a professional ecosystem. This industrial advancement has been continually enabled by the creation of the internet and the significant changes that has occurred in cyberspace, especially within the last three decades.   In the early 90`s the gaming market barely revolved around the $100M range with just a dozen million players. However, today’s gaming industry is already worth $100Bn with 2.3Bn players worldwide, and most importantly, 1.4Bn registered users are concentrated around the top 10 most competitive titles. Eight of these are team-based games like Counter-Strike,  League of Legends , Dota2 and Overwatch, all played 5 ×5 or 6 ×6.      Gaming mirrors human nature  This popularity of team games is not a surprise as it basically mirrors the outright nature of human beings. Man is naturally a social animal that tends to be more productive when cooperating or collaborating with others towards achieving a particular goal. Also, the emotional satisfaction that comes with making new friends and forming new partnerships across the virtual world are some of the things that money cannot buy.  But while it’s easy to have fun playing solo, it becomes really tough for players who want to form a team and start an amateur career.  There are over 250М such players, but only 1M teams, leaving out about 49M players seeking ways to get into the team players ecosystem. The reasons for this absence and inability to team up are not farfetched.   Imagine looking for a job without  recruitment websites  or growing a company with no management tools. How about communicating without e-mail or hiring staff without CVs? Sounds unrealistic? Well, that’s the reality for these players. They have no way of solving even the most essential problems, like: where can I find a team? How do I become a pro? Where can I find other teams to practice with? How do I manage my team? Where can I analyze team data?  Limitations of existing systems  Although credit goes to existing platforms and apps that serve as social environments or rallying points that game players have relied upon for connections, these platforms are plagued with numerous deficiencies. For instance, gamers who rely on Steam groups do not have the luxury of sufficient information about the game products,  Reddit  is complicated and difficult to navigate, especially for newbies. Forum threads do not offer enough information about a potential team-mate while ‘find-a-player-sites are usually too thinly populated, and are largely amateur efforts.     Blockchain expands opportunities  With the unlocking of blockchain  & smart contract technologies  a unique opportunity is presented to provide an all-in-one solution and build a multi-billion dollar economy on one platform.   DreamTeam  is an e-sports and gaming recruitment and management network that is designed to provide effective team building opportunities for gamers and expanding the multi-gaming ecosystem by building a multi-billion dollar economy on one platform.  The platform provides gamers with necessary information in areas such as:  Practice games database. Data on teams, players, coaches, managers and analysts. Tournament lists and info.  Users on the platform can also connect to services such as Profile management, Ratings engine and Big data analytics. On Dreamteam network, users will be able to effectively manage analytical tools, coaching tools, marketing tools and their own media tools. Also, the network’s marketplace is filled with earning opportunities that include sponsorship and media rights, player salaries and bonuses, tournament prize money, player transfer market and crowdfunding opportunities.   Being the first of its kind, this development is bound to expand the already vibrant e-sports and  online gaming marketplace  by absorbing the hitherto left-out participants, and create room for even many more new entrants into the ecosystem.  Mobile technology has been recognised as the catalyst behind the dynamic expansion of online gaming, but blockchain technology is taking the industry to another level by truly professionalizing the industry and enabling a decentralized ecosystem that empowers gamers to achieve maximum expression and benefits from their activities.  
DECREASE	   Blockchain Technology Can Make VR Much More Popular Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  To this day, movies like  The Matrix  and  Inception  keep audiences glued to their seats. This is because of one thing –mankind’s innate fixation on the possibility of an alternate reality. For fans of  The Matrix , it’s the idea that humans are actually living in a world controlled by machines.   However, they don’t know it, because the machines keep humans asleep and deceive them with a dream world they think is real life. In the case of  Inception , the main characters frequently escape to dream worlds –worlds that they can create according to their own fantasies. The struggle is one that many can relate too –if the alternate dream world is so good, why leave?  Given the fascination with alternate realities, one would think that virtual reality headsets like those produced by Oculus, HTC, Samsung, and Zeiss would be selling like hot cakes. Unfortunately, this couldn’t be  further from the truth . This past summer, HTC cut the price of its VR kit by $200. In response, Oculus dropped the price of the Rift VR kit to $399, then raised it slightly to $499.   One of the major reasons for this drop in demand, according to a  summer report , is a lack of “essential content” coupled with the absence of an “alternate reality” feel. In other words, today’s VR platforms don’t treat users to lifelike experiences that warrant the high cost of the VR lifestyle.  Blockchain For VR  To reinvigorate the VR industry, some companies are working on blockchain powered solutions. The goal is to synthesize VR platforms with blockchain technology to provide users with lifelike experiences they can share with virtual communities.  The first step in this process is to lower the cost of VR units. Some of the bigger names like Oculus and Samsung charge hundred of dollars for the VR kits, but after adding extra costs for additional equipment, the true price is closer to $3,000 for a functional experience. Blockchain companies can create VR kits for a fraction of a cost, some as low as $15 per kit. The decrea se in price will be a huge attractor to those who are interested in VR platforms but don’t want to spend thousands of dollars for a worthwhile experience.   The second step these companies are taking is to make platform agnostic kits. This means that the programs can operate on multiple devices and operating systems, allowing for a certain amount of interchangeability that should attract more users. Additionally, the platforms have mobile compatibility and smartphone integration, with the option of a CD and DVD slot for those who p refer a more “old school” experience.  Third and most importantly, the blockchain powered VR platforms will create real life experiences through a VR medium. Thus, instead of creating cheesy, game-like scenarios, they will transport users into real world events and circumstances. One company,  CEEK , is creating a VR platform that will allow users to stream concerts, participate in educational events like music lessons, and interact with other users on a decentralized marketplace.    The company already has a thriving VR business, but has created a methodology to bring real-life experience to its users. Through VR, user experience can often be better than the actual experience, particularly because the CEEK technology provides an extremely high quality link with the live event.   Benefits  The benefit of taking a more real life approach to VR is that it allows users to experience real events they wouldn’t otherwise be able to experience. So, users in the UK can see their favorite artist in concert even if the artist never tours in the UK. Or, those who can’t afford to take guitar lessons in person can do so for a much lower price through a VR platform. The VR platform gives a 3D, lifelike feel that 2D video lessons can’t provide.   What’s more, by incorporating 3D virtual marketplaces, users can interact with other members and exchange digital goods and merchandise. The tokenization of the platform means users in any part of the globe can do business, opening up the possibility for cross border virtual commerce. For concert goers in particular, this creates a sense of unity and oneness even though they aren’t at the live show. The experience is very similar, but at a much lower cost.   The combination of lower prices, platform flexibility, and the incorporation of real world experiences make blockchain powered VR kits much more attractive than their traditional counterparts. The addition of decentralized virtual marketplaces allows users to interact with one another, providing a very important communal component to VR. With these things in place, virtual reality will feel a lot more like the alternate reality many have come to crave.  
DECREASE	   Samsung SDS Successfully Pilots Blockchain Tech for Korea’s Shipping Industry Twitter  A sweeping government-backed blockchain pilot application to record and track shipping logistics and documents related to import/exports has proven successful in South Korea.  Samsung SDS, the IT subsidiary and technology provider of Samsung (Korea’s largest conglomerate), has successfully concluded a 7-month pilot of the application of blockchain technology to actual logistics locations in Korea’s shipping industry.  As  reported  by CCN in May, Samsung SDS commenced the pilot alongside the launch of a blockchain consortium comprising of Korea’s shipping logistics companies, state-run research centers, government authorities like Korea’s Customs Service and the Ministry and Oceans and Fisheries as well as shipping operators. The goal? To implement a blockchain application to power all logistics processe s for “all exports and imports by the end of the year.”  The 7-month pilot proved successful. As Samsung SDS now  reveals , documents related to imports/exports and logistics paperwork related to shippers, shipping companies, customs officers, and banks were stored on blocks and accessible on a real-time immutable ledger to simplify the overall document issuance process.  The pilot commenced soon after Samsung SDS launched  ‘Nexledger’ , its enterprise-ready B2B blockchain platform in April. An  early trial  saw the entire logistic process of a Korea-China shipment between the participating shipping company, port operators and cargo owners delivered using blockchain technology.  Beyond paperwork, the blockchain also facilitated fresh food marine transportation wherein data related to position, temperature and humidity of the food product was relayed to the ledger through IoT (internet of things) devices. The benefits of such real-time transparency allows for accurate estimation of marine insurance premiums during breakages or any other issues during th e shipping process.  Kim Hyung-tae, vice president of logistics at Samsung SDS stated:  Through this pilot project, we have confirmed that the block chain technology can raise the level of shipping logistics information network to a new level.  Samsung shipyard image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Non-Profit Internet Archive Gains $1 Million Bitcoin Donation from Charity Twitter  The Pineapple Fund, which makes donations in bitcoin to charitable organizations, has gifted $1 million worth of bitcoin to the  Internet Archive , a non-profit created to build an Internet library.  The Pineapple Fund stated on  Reddit  that the Internet Archive becomes more valuable by the day, archiving books, abandoned games and sites and communities that have shut down.   Wow! Gift of a lifetime to the open world! Pineapple Fund just gifted $1M in bitcoin to  @internetarchive . We are blown away  — we’ll strive to preserve our digital world. THANK YOU  #pineapplefund  🍍🍍🍍🍍🍍🎉🌟🌍🚀 2018 looking up!  pic.twitter.com/5eog8NTYKs  — Internet Archive (@internetarchive)  December 24, 2017   According to its  website , the Pineapple Fund has already supported 13 charities and has 4,400 BTC still to spend from the 5,057 BTC it plans to spend.  $7 Million Already Donated  The Pineapple Fund has pledged to donate a total 5,057 BTC, valued at $86 million, to charities, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the BitGive Foundation. To date, they have donated to nine charities with 411 BTC (about $7 million).  The Pineapple Fund’s anonymous donor told  Hackernoon  there are three considerations for supporting a charity: How impactful their work is, what innovation they provide, and their size, efficiency and sustainability.  Direct Bitcoin Donations  The donor contributes the bitcoins directly to the charities. This brings the tax advantage of sending the full amount without being assessed capital gains taxes. The donor does not take any tax deductions for the donations.  Donating in bitcoin also allows the Pineapple Fund to remain anonymous.  The donor, who claims bitcoin has changed their life and now has more money than they can possibly spend, is most excited about a $1 million donation MAPS, an organization supporting research for treatments for mental illness, for which there are many promising treatments. The donor noted having been prescribed ketamine off-label for a lesser known condition with no side effect s. The idea for the Pineapple Fund came about during a ketamine IV.  The MAPS donation will help fund its Stage 3 FDA trials for a treatment for PTSD: MDMA assisted psychotherapy.  The donor plans to contribute the majority of the committed funds in the next three months, but is also exploring other projects, such as one called PF Ventures that will help others start charities.  The donor first learned about bitcoin  when its price was in single digits. The donor was quick to recognize the benefits of direct fund transfers.  Fund Accepts Donations  The donor noted on Reddit that people who want to support charities should contribute to charities directly, but those who don’t want to donate directly to organizations that the Pineapple Fund supports can contribute to the Pineapple Fund via a BCH wallet on BitPay: CRMquhUfshTco3a8biDRxd9zkdP8Y81C4V  The Pineapple Fund is not a non-profit, the donor stated, and contributors will not receive any tax deductions.  All Pineapple Fund donations will be published on its  website .  One Reddit poster criticized Pineapple Fund for supporting BCH and postulated the fund could be a BCH marketing campaign.  The Pineapple Fund prefers to support registered non-profit charities, and does not contribute to individuals. It encourages people to apply for funds on its website.  Also read:  Internet Archive enables donations with Zcash, Bitcoin Cash and bitcoin  Donations to Date  Besides the Internet Archive, Pineapple Fund donations to date include:  $1 million to Watsi, a charity building technology to support universal health care. $1 million to The Water Project, which provides sustainable water to African communities. $1 million to the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), which supports Internet privacy and net neutrality. $1 million to MAPS, which supports treatments for mental illness. $1 million to Sens Research Foundation, which supports research and treatments for aging. $1 million to charity: water, which supports providing clean water to people in need of it. $1 million to mona, which supports grass roots organizational initiatives to help educate disadvantaged children worldwide. $1 million to new story, a non-profit that supports efforts to provide stable housing worldwide. $1 million to Pencils of Promise, an organization that supports educational initiatives for children worldwide. $100,000 to Green Steps, an organizational that supports efforts to clean the environment in the U.S. state of Tennessee. $50,000 to OpenBSD, a Canadian not-for-profit corporation that supports the development of free software based on the OpenBSD operating system. $500,000 to the BitGive Foundation, a charity that builds projects to use bitcoin and blockchain technology for international philanthropy.  Featured image from Flickr.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Value = $0? Morgan Stanley Makes a Flawed Argument Twitter  Earlier this week, Morgan Stanley, the third largest investment bank in the global finance market with a $95 billion market cap behind Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase, stated in a research paper that the future value of bitcoin could drop to zero, given its lack of “intrinsic value” and base price.  A few days ago, Morgan Stanley analyst James Faucette told the bank’s clients and investors that it is difficult to justify the current value of bitcoin and that the price of bitcoin could someday reach $0. He  wrote:  Very difficult question to answer, but some points to consider  Can Bitcoin be valued like a currency? No. There is no interest rate associated with Bitcoin.  Like digital gold? Maybe. Does not have any intrinsic use like gold has in electronics or jewelry. But investors appear to be ascribing some value to it.  Is it a payment network? Yes but it is tough to scale and does not charge a transaction fee.  Bitcoin average daily trading volume of $3bn (last 30 days) vs $5.4 trillion in the FX market.  Est.  <$300mn in daily purchase volume vs. $17bn for Visa.  The highly critical and inaccurate conclusions drafted by Faucette which were then sent to the clients of Morgan Stanley could backfire heavily on the bank since the bank’s analysts have encouraged Morgan Stanley clients to dismiss bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market based on false premises.  To begin with, the lack of interest rate of bitcoin is a feature, not a weakness, because the fixed supply of bitcoin is what provides the cryptocurrency its value. According to one of the most basic economic concepts, if the demand for an asset increases but its supply remains fixed or decreases, its value surges. Bitcoin, for the past eight years, has demonstrated an increase  in value due to its fixed supply.   In October, CCN reported that even Mark Cuban, a bitcoin critic turned investor, stated that the concept of intrinsic value is flawed, primarily because the value of every currency and asset in the global market is subjective.  “It is interesting because there are a lot of assets which their value is just based on supply and demand. Most stocks, there is no intrinsic value because you have no true ownership rights and no voting rights. You just have the ability to buy and sell those stocks. Bitcoin is the same thing. Its value is based on supply demand. I have bought some through an ETN based on a Swe dish exchange,”  said Cuban.  Hence, to falsely condemn bitcoin given its lack of inflation rate and intrinsic value is inaccurate and deceptive, as the same argument can be applied to any currency or asset such as the US dollar and gold. Both the US dollar and gold do not have intrinsic values. In 1933, as Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein explained, the US government abruptly abandoned the gold standard a nd introduced the fiat currency system, or paper bills representing the value of gold.  Over time, the representation of gold’s value by fiat money was ruled out and eventually, the US government started to provide the US dollar value with quantitative easing, or by printing more supply of the US dollar. Currently, there is demand for the US dollar because businesses and individuals are using it to transact.  However, a fiat currency can also lose its value if the demand for it declines, as demonstrated by the Venezuelan bolivar as of date.  Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan, two of the largest investment banks in the world, have moved toward embracing and adopting bitcoin, along with other cryptocurrencies in the market. Banks that fail to adapt to the trend and acknowledge the significance of the emergence of a new asset class in bitcoin will inevitably become isolated.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Israel Central Bank Considers Digital Currency for Instant Payments Twitter  The Bank of Israel is reportedly considering issuing a digital currency to support a real-time nationwide payments system.  In its advent to research and foster a real-time payments system in the country, the Bank of Israel sees a central bank-issued digital currency as an option for an effective and reliable infrastructure for immediate payments. For context, the Bank of Israel published a  public consultation paper  [PDF] on November 15 that sought proposals for a payments infrastructure, either “centralized or distributed – that will support immediate payments in Israel.”  As  Reuters  reports, an anonymous Bank of Israel source has now confirmed the central bank is examining the possibility of issuing a blockchain-powered cryptocurrency for a faster payments infrastructure.  While a faster payments system, akin to the likes of the UK and Singapore (as cited by the BOI paper) is a possibility, “a central bank-issued digital currency is another form of an advanced payments system which currently does not exist,” the anonymous central bank official said.  According to the unnamed source, a digital currency issued by the central bank would be ‘centralized, safe and abide by money laundering rules’ unlike decentralized cryptocurrencies like bitcoin.  The source further added:  Central banks around the world are examining (the use of digital currencies) so we should as well.  A digital currency would also help the Israeli government reduce the amount of physical cash in circulation with an estimated 22% of the country’s national output currently in the black economy.  A number of central banks around the world are actively researching and exploring the issuance of cryptocurrencies. The most notable of these efforts sees China’s endeavor  establish  a digital currency research institute this year after  an early successful trial , made public this year, revealed the People’s Bank of China issue its own digital currency over a blockchain. In September one PBoC researcher urged the central bank to issue a digital currency “ as soon as possible ”. Elsewhere, a meeting between Russian president Vladimir Putin and Moscow’s political elite in mid-October resulted in Putin calling for a state-issued cryptocurrency, tentatively dubbed the ‘ cryptoruble .’  Bank of Israel image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Israel Regulator Threatens to Ban Bitcoin Firms from Stock Exchange Twitter  The chairman of Israel’s capital markets authority will propose a regulation to ban companies based on cryptocurrencies like bitcoin from trading on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange.  Speaking at a business conference today, Israel Securities Authority (ISA) chairman Shmuel Hauser said he will bring to the authority’s board a regulatory proposal to enforce a sweeping ban on digital currency firms from trading on Israel’s only public exchange. The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (TASE), incidentally, is under the ISA’s direct supervision.  In public statements reported by  Reuters , Hauser said today:  If we have a company that their main business is digital currencies, we would not allow it. If already listed, its trading will be suspended.  Earlier this month, Hauser likened retail investors’ interest in bitcoin to the 19 th  century gold rush. “Bitcoin looks like a bubble, smells like a bubble, behaves like a bubble and feels like a bubble…” Hauser  said  at the time. The regulator also called for a regulatory framework for cryptocurrencies despite ruling out the inclusion of bitcoin firms from TASE indexes.  Hauser doubled down on his stance with today’s remarks, claiming that the prohibitory stance against bitcoin companies was to effectively discourage retail investors from adopting the decentralized cryptocurrency.  He stated:  We feel that the prices of bitcoin behave like bubbles and we don’t want investors to be subject to that volatility and uncertainty. There is an importance to signal to the market where things are…Investors should know where we stand.  After 6 years as ISA’s chief, the push to ban bitcoin companies from the country’s stock exchange is likely to be Hauser’s last regulatory proposal to the board. “But once it’s on its way, it will continue to be pursued,” insisted Hauser, who steps down next month.  The ISA chief is expected to put forth the proposal to the ISA board next week. If it is approved, the proposal will be subject to a public hearing before TASE laws are amended to legislate the ban on bitcoin companies.  Tel Aviv Stock Exchange image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Winklevoss Twins Will Not Sell, Even if Bitcoin Price Hits $380,000 Twitter  Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, better known as the Winklevoss twins, still believe bitcoin will remain as the best investment over the next few decades.  $8 Trillion Market Cap  In 2012, when Facebook went public, the Winklevoss twins received $45 million from the settlement of Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg. In spite of their lawyers ’ recommendation to take a cash deal of $45 million, the Winklevoss twins received the settlement in Facebook shares. By 2013, the Winklevoss twins amassed a fortune of $300 million, as the shares of Facebook skyrocketed.  After a successful exit from Facebook, the Winklevoss twins started to purchase bitcoin at $10, during a time in which only a handful of investors such as Roger Ver and Charlie Shrem had invested in the cryptocurrency. Over a span of a few months, the Winklevoss twins purchased 120,000 bitcoin at a $11 million valuation.  Today, the 120,000 bitcoins purchased by the Winklevoss twins are worth $1.68 billion, and the Twins have netted the twins a profit of $1.669 billion within merely four years.  Bitcoin price trend from 2013 to 2017  While several analysts have stated that the growth of bitcoin is limited given its market valuation has already achieved $236 billion. However, the Winklevoss twins told Nathaniel Poppers of the New York Times that the price of bitcoin will likely increase exponentially throughout many years ahead, as it evolves into a major asset class, robust store of value, and medium of exchange.  The Winklevoss twins further emphasized that they will not sell bitcoin even when its market cap surpasses that of gold at $8 trillion or when its price surpasses $380,950. Tyler Winklevoss noted that bitcoin is better than gold because it is programmable as money and has many advantages over the traditional asset such as transportability, fungibility, security, and divisibility.  “In a funny way, I’m not sure we’d even sell there [when bitcoin price surpasses $380,950]. Bitcoin is more than gold — it’s a programmable store of money. It may continue to innovate,” Tyler  told the New York Times in an interview.  More importantly, Tyler added that the Winklevoss twins are not affected by the high volatility and rapid price movements of bitcoin, because they believe in the long-term performance of the cryptocurrency and the technology behind bitcoin.  “We are very comfortable in very high-risk environments with absolutely no guarantee of success. I don’t mean existing in that environment for days, weeks or months. I mean year after year.”  Winklevoss Twins and Gemini  Apart from their success as early-stage bitcoin investors, since 2015, the Winklevoss twins have operated one of the most widely utilized cryptocurrency exchanges in the global market, Gemini.   As a fully regulated cryptocurrency exchange by the US government, Gemini has continued to serve professional traders and casual investors in the US market, accounting for a large portion of the USD-to-BTC trading pair.  Ari Paul, the co-founder of cryptocurrency hedge fund Blocktower and highly respected cryptocurrency analyst, explained that Gemini is an underappreciated exchange. Although it lacks the trading volume and user base of Coinbase and GDAX, Gemini remains as one of the few exchanges US-based investors trust.  “Gemini is an underappreciated exchange, one of the few exchanges I trust as a custodian,” said Paul.  Featured image from Flickr/ TechCrunch.  
DECREASE	   We Aren’t Looking to Regulate Bitcoin, Says EU Commissioner Twitter  A high ranking European Union official has dismissed suggestions of the EU looking at regulating bitcoin markets and exchanges.  In an interview with  Bloomberg , Pierre Moscovici  – European Union Commissioner for economic, financial affairs, taxation and customs, played down talk of supposed EU-wide bitcoin regulations while revealing the EU’s view of the cryptocurrency.  “At this stage, we do not consider [bitcoin] as an alternative currency,” Moscovici said, comparing the world’s first decentralized cryptocurrency to EU’s fiat currency, the Euro.  “We see that there is quite a lot of speculation about that,” added the official, who previously served as the Minister of Finance for France between 2012-14. Moscovici then referenced recent remarks from former US Fed Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan who said “bitcoin is a really fascinating example of how human beings create value” while deeming it an irrational currency.  Notably, Moscovici went on to confirm that while the EU had studied bitcoin, the authority isn’t pressing ahead with any regulatory oversight into European bitcoin markets and exchanges. Not yet, anyway.  He stated:  We looked at that [bitcoin], we analyzed the fundamentals but we don’t think we have to react at this stage as a political and technical body.  “No we are not having those conversations right now,” stressed Moscovici, when asked explicitly if the EU was in talks with European regulators about introducing regulatory frameworks for the cryptocurrency.  Curiously, the EU official’s remarks are in direct contrast to those of Valdis Dombrovskis – vice president of financial stability, financial services and capital markets at the European Commission, the executive arm of the European Union.  “In recent weeks, bitcoin has our heightened attention,” said Domrovskis, speaking to reporters on a public news conference last week. The official also  reportedly sent letters  to banking and markets watchdogs across the EU, urging them to warn adopters of risks in investing in cryptocurrencies.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Cryptocurrency Market Recovers: Bitcoin Price Rebounds to $14,000 on Christmas Twitter  On December 25, Christmas day, the bitcoin price rebounded to $14,000 after recording a major correction that sent its value plummeting to $11,500.   Bitcoin Optimistic Short-Term Price Trend  Overall, the cryptocurrency market recovered from a correction that occured on December 23, in merely 48 hours. Two days ago, every single cryptocurrency in the market ranging from bitcoin to SingularDTV declined by nearly 50 percent, as the cryptocurrency market lost over $100 billion of its valuation.  Today, the cryptocurrency market cap surged from $488 billion to $550 billion, demonstrating signs of recovery for the first time since last week Tuesday.  Bitcoin recorded a price increase of around 6 percent, with over $10 billion daily trading volume spread across USD-to-BTC and KRW-to-BTC trading platforms such as Bitfinex, Bithumb, Binance, and GDAX.   OKEx, the Hong Kong branch of OKCoin, previously the largest cryptocurrency exchange in China before the crackdown on cryptocurrency trading initiated by the Chinese government, processed around 2.4 percent of global bitcoin trades throughout the past three days, solidifying itself as a leading cryptocurrency exchange.  Other leading Chinese exchanges BTCC and Huobi have also started to process large volumes of trades. Given that OKEx, BTCC, and Huobi Pro have migrated their businesses to Hong Kong, in the upcoming months, analysts predict the Hong Kong market to evolve into a major bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange market.  In South Korea and Japan, bitcoin is still being traded with high premiums. On Bithumb, South Korea’s largest and the global market’s second biggest exchange, the bitcoin price is being traded at nearly $18,000, with a $3,000 premium, while leading markets like the US are processing bitcoin trades at around $14,500.  Cryptocurrency Market Recovers  Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Cardano, Monero, and Zcash have also recorded major gains over the past 24 hours, with Ethereum and Zcash rising by 15 percent and 20 percent respectively. Analysts have attributed the recent recovery of the cryptocurrency market to Christmas and the upcoming New Year’s, as the gathering of families, relatives, and friends has historically led to the surge in the price of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in the market.   Throughout the holidays, the demand for bitcoin will likely continue to skyrocket as new individual investors become introduced to the new asset class that is bitcoin and cryptocurrencies. Earlier today, Investopedia, an online dictionary platform for finance keywords, stated that bitcoin has been named the term of the year.  “Bitcoin is named ‘Term of the Year’ by Investopedia as measured by search volume and percentage gains over the course of the year. Perhaps unsurprisingly, ‘bitcoin’ cruised to the top spot on the list, beating out terms such as AI, Trumpcare, FAANG and even millennials,”  said Blockchain Life.  If new investors flow into the bitcoin market over the next few weeks, more traders would look into cheaper alternatives with lower market caps, as they have the potential to provide higher returns, but with more risks.  “For new investors in crypto, think in market cap. Not price per coin. Market cap gives an estimate of the potential growth. Price per coin doesn ’t mean anything as the supply for each altcoin differs. $0.1 per coin doesn ’t mean it ’s cheap. $100 per coin doesn ’t mean it ’s expensive,” explained cryptocurrency trader Squeeze.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Swiss Online Bank Launches Bitcoin Product Twitter  There is a financial revolution on the way. A revolution born out of the need for greater accountability and transparency in the financial industry. A revolution born on the disintermediation and decentralization of banking services and underpinned by technological tour de force, Bitcoin.   Bitcoin has grown in leaps and bounds over the past few years, from a proof-of-work concept to the foundation of a market that scaled above the $300 billion mark. With the currency gaining widespread adoption by both financial establishments and governments, and analysts billing it the futures of money, Bitcoin is poised for greater heights. However, despite enjoying high tradi ng volumes and commanding record-breaking capitalization on the market, Bitcoin remains a highly volatile currency. This has deterred many a would-be investor from entering the market and adding the currency to their portfolio.   Investors would like to have a tool that can help them reduce the volatility of their investments based on technical and market patterns, while minimizing their exposure to risk. Such a tool is what online Swiss bank,  Swissquote  has developed.   Designed as an exchange tradeable certificate, the Active Bitcoin Certificate reduces exposure to market volatility by enabling investors to move their holding between Bitcoin and U.S dollar through a proprietary machine-learning algorithm. This quantitative algorithm analyzes technical patterns, realized volatility measures, buy/sell pressure and social media sentiments to red uce volatility through the increment of the amount of fiat (in USD) held during periods of uncertainty and downturns.  Using the data gathered from these indicators, the algorithm predicts the short-term direction of future returns for investors to hedge or cash in on the current market trend. Swissquote allocates between 60% and 100% of the portfolio to bitcoin, based on the level of predicted market confidence and projected future direction. The remaining portfolio balance is invested in the  US dollars. This lower volatility strategy will help investors balance out the inherent risk of Bitcoin investment volatility, decreasing volatility and creating more consistent potential returns on investments.   As an equity vehicle, Swissquote’s Active Bitcoin Certificate seamlessly fits into any stock trading account and is easily trackable and tradeable on six Swiss exchanges. The certificate also addresses the security concerns associated with most exchange platform through a world-class cybersecurity unit that handles the end-to-end security of all funds deposited on the platform.  The team also secures users private keys, storages, and wallets, eliminating third-party intrusion.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Foreign Exchange Strategist Warns Against Buying Bitcoin During Price Drop Twitter  Boris Schlossberg, a foreign exchange strategist at BK Asset Management, has warned investors that bitcoin’s price decline has lured many people to mistakenly think the price decline represents a good buying opportunity.  Schlossberg warns people not to fall victim to what he considers a false hope, according to  CNBC .  Bitcoin  suffered once of its most dramatic falls on Friday, dropping as low as $10,400 and causing  Coinbase  to temporarily halt bitcoin trading.  Schlossberg said the volatility could continue for weeks and he himself would not buy bitcoin.  Volatility Noted  Bitcoin has captivated investors this year, Schlossberg noted, but the price swings of the past few days demonstrate bitcoin’s volatility.  Continuing declines could affect bitcoin holdings and impact investor sentiment as traders liquidate their positions and those they hold in more traditional asset classes. Bitcoin could also be affected by less volatility in other capital markets in the coming days, Schlossberg said.  He said $10,000 has emerged as bitcoin ’s new floor price, considering it marked a breakout three weeks ago when it hovered around today’s level. The bottom line, according to Schlossberg, is that investing in bitcoin is like trying to catch a falling knife.  Also read:  Bitcoin should figure in your investment portfolio, says asset advisor  CNBC Poll: Many Still Buying Bitcoin  A CNBC online poll demonstrated that many people are not buying Schlossberg’ advice.  As of early Monday afternoon, the vote was fairly even among 5,687 voters, with 52% saying they are not buying cryptocurrencies and 48% saying they are.  Despite his current advice, Schlossberg in May  urged people to include bitcoin in their investment portfolios . He called investing in bitcoin a way for investors to hedge their bets against market uncertainty. Schlossberg cited parallels between bitcoin and gold, noting that bitcoin is being called the “new gold,” due to its ability to retain value over time.  In addition to his role at BK Asset Management, Schlossberg is a co-founder of BKForex.com and has more than 20 years of financial market experience. He began his Wall Street more than 20 years ago at Drexel Burnham Lambert where he traded a variety of financial instruments, from equities and options to stock index futures.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Video Game Company Bets That eSports Will Be Better with Cryptocurrency Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  LONDON, December 25th 2017  — ESports is a big business, and crypto can make it bigger.  That’s what a game studio based out of Barcelona thinks.  “More people globally are watching video game tournaments than many professional sporting events,” says SKARA co-founder Cesar Ortega. “That represents a lot of untapped potential─we want to make sure players and spectators benefit from that potential.”  Cesar, with SKARA co-founder Pablo Rodriguez, lead an award winning gaming company that specialises in AAA quality competitive fighting.  Since 2012,  SKARA , The Blade Remains has clocked more than 30 awards and hundreds of thousands of players. Now Rodriguez and team are expanding that vision to include a mobile offering, a series of single player games, and even a novel –which will be published next month.  To tie the franchise together and prime it for eSports, the team has taken to cryptocurrency and the blockchain technology that underpins it.  The token the  SKARA  franchise will be using is built on the Ethereum ETH blockchain and is called a SKARAT.  Most of the team remains focused on perfecting their eSports game─SKARA, The Blade Remains, which features fast-paced multiplayer battles in a variety of formats.  The studio is building an eSports league around their existing player base.  “We have had a lot of good responses from our community,” says Rodriguez. “We are the first game to my knowledge that has committed to making our best players the heroes inside the game’s lore and mythology. With cryptocurrency we can add ways for players to win more than just titles and grandeur!”  Tournament prizes will be paid in SKARATs starting early next year.  But the team wants to go one step further.  “We are working hard to make it possible for anyone to bet SKARATs on the matches, opening up the possibility of winning big for more than just the competitive players,” explained Ortega.  To realize real-time eSports betting,  SKARA  is teaming up with a third party betting platform developer to make their solution work early next year.  Besides eSports, players can realize gains from the assets they build up within the game –a tradition that goes back much further than cryptocurrency.  “It’s basically only the people that ‘break’ a game who can make real money right now,” says SKARA CMO Marc Boulesteix. “With SKARATs, any player can do it. We are excited to bring that into the experience of playing.”  “The technology behind the blockchain also offers a lot of interesting opportunities,” agreed Rodriguez. “From crypto-security for securing players ’ accounts to verification of eSports matches, we are eager to explore the infinite possibilities this technology has to offer.”  SKARATs will go for sale early next year, but the presale has already started.  Learn more by going to   www.skaratoken.com .  
DECREASE	   Turing Community Seeks To Save The Internet With Distributed Architecture, Will Give Away Litecoins Twitter  This is a sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  The man who saved Litecoin with Segregated Witness will soon be using Litecoin, now the fastest growing cryptocurrency, to save the Internet.  Source: VNS     On April 21, PZ, a core community member, persuaded Litecoin miners to support Segregated Witness, a protocol originally developed to scale bitcoin.  SegWit advocates faced resistance initially from Litecoin’s sponsors, miners and mining pools. PZ persuaded everyone to support SegWit, and went on to activate SegWit on the bitcoin blockchain as well.        A rebuilt DNS needed  PZ now turns his attention to the Internet, which is in serious need of upgrades.  China’s top root DNS failed on Jan. 21, 2014, impacting most of China’s websites.  Since current DNS resolution requests have to be resolved through the DNS servers, they are subject to middleman attacks. DNS requests sent by users can be intercepted by an attacker, who will disguise as a DNS server, return fake domain name information and redirect to another fake site without changing the user URL address.  In addition to privacy and security issues, the Internet, which is controlled by a small number of individuals, cannot meet the needs of decentralized website domain name resolution.  PZ and those who believe in a new, distributed Internet architecture are launching the Alan Mathison Turing (AMT) community in China, a community that believes the Internet should benefit all of mankind.  The community’s first goal is to build a layered consensus network based on the blockchain, a project called Venus. In this new decentralized Internet，information flow is value flow.  A variety of computing resources have emerged across the global network that can run millions of decentralized applications and services. Decentralized artificial intelligence now makes it possible for nodes all over the world to select a massive variety of high-value information for users.  The purpose of AMT is to shorten the path to the development of this promising future of readily accessible applications and services.  The first phase of the AMT community is Venus, a layered consensus network to form a decentralized Internet powered by information flow. Following Venus, AMT will introduce a variety of computing resources over the global network, providing a variety of decentralized applications and services.  The VNS name service will use the design framework of the main chain-side chain and will exist as a side chain of the VNSCoin main chain. As a side chain, the VNS name service does not generate new tokens, but deploys a two-way exchange binding with the VNSCoin main chain token system.  The main chain system will generate a corresponding number of VNS tokens on the name service side chain by locking VNS tokens, and unlock the tokens locked by the VNSCoin main chain, thus achieving two-way token exchange.  The VNS name service eliminates the possibility of risks such as privacy leaks, content censorship, DDOS attacks and middleman attacks. The node of each user that runs the VNS name service independently can resolve DNS from a local computer. Resolving DNS requests locally also saves the time needed for network packets to transfer on the network.  The VNS decentralized website system will use the VNS address instead of the IP address for site index addressing. Using a distributed hash table to establish the site address index sidesteps the problem of IP address shortage.  The VNS decentralized website system will provide a full set of web server functions and an embedded database for user site development. Users will access the site content from their existing browsers.  The main chain uses a private key/public key system.  LTC giveaway planned  VNS will air drop 40% of its cryptocurrency supply to the community, beginning 24:00 UTC on Dec. 31, 2017. The balance of tokens will be distributed to miners and users in the future.                                                              Source: VNS  PZ is looking for individuals to join the effort to rebuild the Internet, and is offering LTC as a token of thanks for those willing to publicly support VNS. For more information, visit https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2515667.0 or https://redd.it/7l0lrf  For more Information, visit the VNS website at  www.vnscoin.org ; mailbox:  [email  protected] ; Twitter: https://twitter.com/AMT_Community; Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/AMT-1459959227436659/; Weibo: https://weibo.com/6420956866; QQ group: 603560992；QQ secretary：3249849251; Wechat secretary: AMT_Community; E-mail:  [email  protected]  
DECREASE	   South Korea Suspects Kim Jong-Un ’s Regime Behind Bitcoin Exchange Youbit Heist Twitter  Earlier this week,  CCN reported  on the bankruptcy filing of a company that operates South Korean cryptocurrency exchange Youbit, after it got hacked and saw 17 percent of its total assets get stolen. Youbit revealed that 83 percent of its funds were safely stored in a cold wallet, and that users would be allowed to immediately withdraw their holdings, at 75 percent of their market value.  The exchange had notably suffered another hack this year, back in April, when nearly 4,000 bitcoins were taken. Per  South Korean authorities , the attack was perpetrated by North Korean hackers.  This last attack seemingly leads to North Korea as well, as according to the Wall Street Journal, investigators have reason to believe the North Korean regime is behind it. To back up their claim, they point to “telltale signs and historical evidence,” presumably referring to April’s attack. The  Wall Street Journal’s report  reads:  “The bitcoin heist follows similar suspected Pyongyang-directed offensives against other South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges  — and an increasing number of attempts to steal from individual investors.”  Investigators are still analyzing the malware that was used to compromise the exchange, and results may take several weeks to come. This means that the investigation is still in its early stages.  North Korea has, in the past, targeted bitcoin exchanges. As a FireEye report pointed out, earlier this year the regime engaged in a state-sponsored campaign to steal bitcoin from the South’s cryptocurrency exchanges in order to evade sanctions and gain funds. Moreover, the Republic of Korea’s National Police Agency (NPA) confirmed the regime attacked exchanges through phishing  attempts.  North Korean hackers have been getting a lot of attention recently, as the U.S. government  formally blamed  them for carrying out a massive ransomware campaign  using the WannaCry malware , which netted its operators hundreds of thousands worth of bitcoin at today’s rates.  South Korea’s cryptocurrency scene has been rapidly growing, making it the perfect target for the regime’s hackers, as they aren’t just targeting their longtime adversaries, they’re also targeting exchanges overwhelmed with new users who may be having a hard time focusing on security.  Estimates suggest Kim Jong-Un’s regime has a cyber army with over 1,700 hackers in it, aided by over 5,000 support staff. It’s difficult to know how accurate these estimates are, as no one outside of the regime – or with advanced intel  – can really be sure.  Potential international incident  Notably, the alleged North’s hit on Youbit can lead to an international conflict, as earlier this year a NATO-sponsored think tank issued a statement noting that a state-sponsored malware attack can be considered an act of war. This, in turn, would trigger  Article 5  of the North Atlantic Treaty, potentially leading to a military response,  Gizmodo  notes.  Although South Korea isn’t a NATO member per se, over recent years the organization has been developing relations outside the Euro-Atlantic area, given key strategic concerns and values. If Youbit’s hack is considered an act of war, tensions between the U.S. and North Korea may once again rise to new heights.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Down 22%: Bitcoin Price Drops From $17,000 to $13,300 in a Single Day Twitter  Earlier today, on December 22, the bitcoin price fell by more than 22 percent from $17,000 to $13,300. Analysts have attributed the fall to the rapid surge in the price of bitcoin over the past month.   Bitcoin Price Still Up 70% on Monthly Basis  Since November 22, within the past 30 days, the price of bitcoin increased by over 91 percent even with the price of bitcoin at $15,900. The price of bitcoin on November 22 was $8,000 and even with the consideration of the latest price correction to $13,300, the price of bitcoin is still up by 60 percent on a monthly basis.   Relax.  #Bitcoin  is up 91.37% since last month (November 22) even with the latest correction from $19,000 to $15,900.  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  December 21, 2017  In fact, on December 6, Bitfury vice chairman George Kikvadze emphasized the passage of an important milestone for bitcoin, surpassing the $10,000 mark. Kikvadze described the $10,000 threshold as a psychological level and told the community that anything is possible beyond $10,000.  “What a momentum. Buying up more at $13,000. As I said $10,000 psychological level was passed. Now anything is possible,”  said Kikvadze.  The bitcoin price is still at the same level as it was on December 6. Hence, while the price of bitcoin has decreased by more than 22 percent, it is important to acknowledge that the price of bitcoin had increased by more than 91 percent over the past month and consequently, a 22 percent correction occured.  Moreover, the price of bitcoin decreased the least in contrast to other cryptocurrencies in the market.    Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, Dash, and Monero have all declined by more than 25 percent in value.  Optimistic Factors to Consider  With its strong network effect and support from leading financial institutions, bitcoin is still in an optimal position to penetrate into the traditional finance market. In addition to bitcoin futures listings by the Chicago Board Options Exchange (Cboe) and CME Group, $98 billion investment bank Goldman Sachs is preparing to launch a bitcoin and cryptocurrency trading desk.  According to Bloomberg, sources familiar with the Goldman Sachs cryptocurrency department stated that the company is currently assembling a team in New York to fully launch and operate a cryptocurrency trading desk.  Goldman Sachs spokesman Michael DuVally said:  “In response to client interest in digital currencies, we are exploring how best to serve them.”  Still, in the short-term, cryptocurrency analysts including Crypto Rand encouraged investors to be cautious about bitcoin’s price trend because of the lack of volume. CryptoRand emphasized that as of current, traders are not buying the dip.  ShapeShift CEO Erik Voorhees also noted that the transaction fees of bitcoin have surged to a point in which bitcoin fees have started to cost more than bank wires. Voorhees wrote:  “Fellow Bitcoiners, are you ever going to realize how problematic these fees are getting? Average fees now over $40 per transaction. A year ago avg fee was $4. A year prior, $0.40. Growing faster than price, and exponentially with usage. We just spent $4800 to move 15 BTC in one transaction.”  The failure to address the rapid increase in transaction fees could result in bitcoin losing its dominance over the cryptocurrency market to other digital currencies with lower fees and better scalability, several analysts have explained.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Cash Price Takes the Biggest Hit, Down 42% in 24 Hours Twitter  Out of the 10 most valuable cryptocurrencies in the market, Bitcoin Cash (BCH) has taken the biggest hit on Friday, as Bitcoin Cash price declined by more than 41.8 percent.   Even Bitcoin Cash Could Not be Saved  Over the past week, the South Korean cryptocurrency market’s Bitcoin Cash frenzy and the integration of BCH on the Coinbase brokerage platform and its cryptocurrency exchange GDAX led to a metoric increase in the value of Bitcoin Cash.  Within seven days, the price of Bitcoin Cash surged from $1,760 to $4,300 at its peak, increasing by more than 144 percent.   As allegations against Coinbase’s potential insider trading of Bitcoin Cash emerged, the price of Bitcoin Cash experienced a minor correction, from $3,500 to $3,300. Still, a few hours later, the price of Bitcoin Cash peaked at $4,300, due to the rising demand for the cryptocurrency in South Korea.  For a brief period of time, Coinbase and GDAX suspended Bitcoin Cash trading given its unexpected volatility and suspicious price movement of BCH prior to the integration of Bitcoin Cash by Coinbase and GDAX. Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong  wrote:  “I take the confidentiality of material non-public information very seriously as CEO. Given the price increase in the hours leading up the announcement, we will be conducting an investigation into this matter. If we find evidence of any employee or contractor violating our policies — directly or indirectly — I will not hesitate to terminate the employee immediately and take appropriate legal action.”  Even the Coinbase insider trading fiasco and CNBC’s “conflict of interest” and unjustified reporting of Bitcoin Cash as demonstrated by WhalePanda were not sufficient to stop the bull run of Bitcoin Cash.   Meet Paul Wasensteiner. Paul loves BCash. Paul is executive director for the Bitcoin Cash fund. Paul also probably loves Gaby Wasensteiner, but maybe not as much as he loves BCash.  pic.twitter.com/Lv4aiAQSq3  — WhalePanda (@WhalePanda)  December 20, 2017   Paul loves to talk about Bitcoin, BCash and cars. His wife works for CNBC and as marketing manager has control over certain Twitter accounts. So what happens when Someone who is executive director of the Bitcoin Cash fund, takes over control of  @CNBCFastMoney  twitter account?  pic.twitter.com/XY8VQuQHfF  — WhalePanda (@WhalePanda)  December 20, 2017  However, on December 22, the strong short-term rally of Bitcoin Cash came to an end, as the entire cryptocurrency market experienced a major correction. The market valuation of cryptocurrencies decreased from $600 billion to $422 billion.  Will Bitcoin Cash Recover?  The latest decline in the price of Bitcoin Cash is not specific to BCH. Every single cryptocurrency in the market, from the largest to top 100 cryptocurrencies have fallen in value. Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, Monero, and IOTA have recorded over 30 percent decrease in price over the past 24 hours.   Hence, the price of Bitcoin Cash will likely recover if the cryptocurrency market can recover swiftly, in the short-term. Throughout 2017, the entire cryptocurrency market had not experienced a correction of this size in which every cryptocurrency in the market was affected.  But, analysts have noted that the recent price correction of cryptocurrencies was necessary, given the exponential increase in value and market valuation of cryptocurrencies since January 1.  For a real-time bitcoin cash price chart, click  here .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   $250 Million Ethereum Mining Scam? Korean Prosecutors File Charges Twitter  Korean prosecutors have reportedly filed charges against several individuals associated with Mining Max, US-based cryptocurrency mining firm allegedly behind a major cryptocurrency mining scam.  According to a report by Korean publication  Yonhap , authorities at the Incheon District Prosecutors ’ Office have indicted 21 individuals suspected of being associated with Mining Max LLC, a US-based firm, on charges of fraud and allegedly soliciting 270 billion won (approx. $250 million) from investors across the world for an Ethereum mining operation promising large returns. Three others have been indicted without detention for embezzlement and other charges.  Mining Max presents itself as the developer of “premium cryptocurrency mining” machines headquartered in California. “All of the mining rigs are assembled and maintained in our Internet Data Centers (IDC) in Korea,” the company claims on its  website .  The allegedly sweeping scam also entails seven other Korean and foreign nationals, now on Interpol’s wanted list, of being associated with Mining Max and blotching results that purported to mine more Ethereum than the operation actually did.  The scam unraveled when the company was not longer able to make sufficient returns from its ‘mining’ operation, presumably in its dividen ds to new investors.  Altogether, prosecutors allege that the suspects pocketed a significant portion of the $250 million, amassed from roughly 18,000 investors in 54 countries between September last year and October this year.  Authorities further claimed that Mining Max only spent 75 billion won, approximately $70 million of the $250 million, for its mining operation. The company’s executives are also suspected of having tucked away 100 billion won, approx. $92 million, in offshore accounts. Further, ‘top performing’ investors were allegedly paid up to 4 billion won (approx. $3,7 million) alongside l uxury perks in Rolex watches and Mercedes Benz automobiles, Yonhap’s report added.  Prosecutors estimate the scam sees approximately 14,000 investors in Korea, 2,600 in the United States, 600 in China and 700 from other countries, including Japan.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bloody Crypto Christmas? … Calm Down. It’s a Correction, Not a Crash Twitter  You probably woke up this morning to a portfolio streaked in red, and you likely came to the logical conclusion that the market is getting massacred at the moment.  Congratulations,  you’d be right .  If you’re a veteran investor, this is par for the course, another adrenaline-inducing day in this amusement park we call a market.  If you’re new to the game, you might regret investing in that magic internet money your coworker used to pay off his mortgage.  Either way, there’s little reason to panic, and there’s even less of a reason to be surprised.  Yesterday, the cryptocurrency market topped-off a few bucks shy of a $650bln total valuation.  This all-time high had crypto’s market capitalization up from $250bln back in the 21st of November.  That’s a 159% increase in only a month.  To put this into perspective,  the United State’s stock market  took a full year to increase 8% in total market cap between 2015-2016.  This correction is long overdue.  The market’s been riding on the back of a gold-studded bull for the past two months, so it’s only natural that a bear has snatched it up in its bloody clutches.   Besides, this bloodbath is nothing we haven’t seen before.  Back in September, the crypto market fell into a bearish slump after a bullish frenzy in August.   Bitcoin  and  Ethereum  both lost around 40% and 50% of their respective values in two weeks, and  Litecoin fell its own gut-punching loss of 50%  over a matter of days.  From these ashes, however, the market rose to the highs we just experienced.  It wasn’t doomsday, just the fallout of a booming summer.   Granted, this blindside correction has Bitcoin down nearly 50% from 5 days ago, an unfortunate departure from its all-time high of $20k.  But the healthier the prosperity, the harsher the correction, especially at a time when institutional adoption is on the rise.  In December alone, we’ve seen the inauguration of  Bitcoin futures , doors open for  cryptocurrency ETFs , and  policy makers  scramble to accommodate crypto into  formal regulation .    Bitcoin and friends’ gains over the past month have run alongside a triage of attention from global governments, the general public, and legacy financial institutions.  The same factors that slung the market to the stratosphere are likely the same tethers dragging it back down to earth.  But these catalysts of success and disaster, of investor ecstasy and despair, are the very  stimulants that will sustain crypto in 2018 and the years to come.    Cryptocurrencies have too much momentum going into the new year for this to be its coup de gr âce .  Let alone Bitcoin’s attraction  as a financial assets , but many platforms and currencies are pioneering enterprise solutions  that businesses have started to adopt .  Blockchain adoption is waiting patiently on the international stage’s doorstep, and come 2018, a slew of mainnet and product launches will only push crypto further into the public and corporate folds.  If you just bought in at an all-time high, my sympathies, friend.  It’s a tough first correction to stomach, and so far, it’s been a long way down.  But don’t fill those sell orders just yet.  This bubble’s got plenty of room left to grow before it grows anywhere close to  the $2.9 trillion burst  that crashed the dot.com craze.    So stop refreshing your portfolio, make a cup of hot cocoa –hell, add some peppermint schnapps if you need to –and go enjoy your holiday.  The market may continue bleeding yet, but once the scrapes and bruises heal, it’ll come back stronger than before.  Just hunker down, relax, hold, and we’ll see you in 2018.  Image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   CBOE Joins Race to List the First Bitcoin ETF, With 6 Filings  Twitter  The Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) hopes to be the first U.S. exchange to list a Bitcoin ETF, an exchange-traded fund that tracks the price of bitcoin futures contracts.  CBOE Files to List Bitcoin ETF  According to  documents  posted on the exchange operator’s website, CBOE filed several proposed rule changes with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that would allow the exchange to list six Bitcoin ETFs on its trading platform.  Specifically, CBOE seeks to list Bitcoin ETFs from fund providers First Trust, GraniteShares, and REX. None of these funds will hold bitcoin directly; rather, they will trade futures contracts, meaning that their performance may diverge significantly from that of the asset itself. Notably, each of these fund providers has filed to create a “short” Bitcoin ETF that will track th e inverse of the index, enabling investors to profit when bitcoin futures decline in value.  Exchanges Await SEC Rulings  CBOE was the first U.S. exchange to list bitcoin futures, beating out fellow Chicago exchange CME by a full week. Exchange executives have already hinted that they hope to launch a family of cryptocurrency derivatives products, making it clear that the exchange desires to position itself at the cutting edge of the decentralized financial revolution.  But while CBOE was able to pull the rabbit out of its hat and become the first exchange to list bitcoin futures, it faces stiff competition in the race to bring the first Bitcoin ETF to market. Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), the operator of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), has  already filed with the SEC  to list two of ProShares’ proposed Bitcoin ETFs on NYSE Arca.  Nevertheless, although exchanges are jockeying to list the first Bitcoin ETFs, the SEC has still yet to signal whether it will approve these retail-friendly investment products. SEC regulators have been  relatively accommodating  to the burgeoning cryptocurrency industry, but bitcoin’s  present volatility  may make them hesitant to allow fund providers to wrap cryptocurrencies in products targeted at Main Street investors.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Belarus Legalizes Cryptocurrency Payments  & Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) Twitter  Belarus, a country wedged between Russia and the European Union, recently legalized cryptocurrencies and Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs), in a move that’s set to drive private sector growth and attract foreign investors to the country, a former communist republic that’s still dominated by its state, filled with inefficient enterprises, and dependent on its neighbor Russia’s money  and subsidies.  Bitcoin’s current crash, that’s already l ed the cryptocurrency below the $11,000 mark  before it  bounced back to $12,401  at press time, seemingly didn’t put off the country’s president, Alexander Lukashenko, who signed the decree on Friday while on the move.  The decree notably gives cryptocurrency enthusiasts tax breaks and legal incentives, as its goal is to help turn Belarus into an international tech haven,  Bloomberg reports . In a statement Lukashenko, a former collective farm manager who’s in the past labeled the internet “garbage,” said:  “Belarus will become the first government in the world that opens wide opportunities for the use of blockchain technology (…) We have every chance of becoming a regional center in this area.”  Designed to attract cryptocurrency entrepreneurs looking to avoid regulatory scrutiny over cryptocurrency transactions and  ICOs , the decree also exempts revenue and profits from all operations using cryptocurrencies for the next five years.  Speaking to  Reuters , Anton Myakishev, the head of Microsoft’s offices in Belarus, stated that “the decree is a breakthrough for Belarus” as it gives the industry the “possibility to make a leap forward in its development,” while allowing foreign capital to enter it in comfortable conditions.  Creating a “Tech Nation”  Earlier this month, Lukashenko said that his goal in signing the decree is to turn Belarus into a “tech nation.” Not only does it legalize cryptocurrencies and ICOs, it also allows local IT companies to partly operate under English low, so it’ll help foreign investors who struggled to navigate the country’s legal system.  Denis Alinikov, a senior partner at private law firm Aleinikov and Partners, who helped draft the decree, stated:  “We regularly faced legal problems. When a Western company buys a Belarussian company they try to structure the deal outside Belarus. Investors don’t want to deal with Belarussian legislation.”  The decree further establishes a direct legal link between token issuers and their obligations towards its holders. To protect against fraud, it sets capital requirement for cryptocurrency exchange operators, while introducing smart contracts in the country.  The IT sector is one of the few that’s thriving in Belarus, as it attracts foreign workers who work for about five times the country’s average wage in its so-called Hi-Tech Park. It’s arguably the most prominent sector of the country’s economy, which is set to grow by 1.7 percent this year, according to Reuters.  Notably, Belarus was home to popular messenger application Viber, as well as the online gaming service World of Tanks, which made its founder the country’s first billionaire.  In an interview, Vsevolod Yanchevsky , head of the Hi-Tech Park, said:  “The decree has been written exactly the way our tech community wanted it. Belarus will be one of the best jurisdictions in the world for cryptocurrencies and blockchain.”  Belarus’ move may have been influenced by its neighboring country  Russia, who’s upcoming draft law on cryptocurrency and ICO regulations  is set to come on December 28. The law will reportedly consider cryptocurrencies as “other property,” and introduce possible limits on individual ICO investments.  The bill, which will prioritize the protection of retail investors, is likely going to be passed in March 2018. Back in October, President Putin  approved a timeline for a framework on cryptocurrency regulations . Reportedly, the country may also soon be launching its own state-sponsored cryptocurrency, the  Cryptoruble .  Alexander Lukashenko image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Tether (USDT) to Launch New Platform in Wake of Alleged November Hack Twitter  The developers of Tether have said that they will launch a new platform for the cryptographic token following the November security breach that resulted in the theft of $30 million worth of tokens.  Tether Announces New Platform  The startup made this  announcement  through a post on the Tether website, explaining that it is developing a new platform, complete with a new wallet service and addresses. The new platform was necessitated, the developers said, by last month’s security breach.  As CCN reported in November, a hacker  allegedly breached Tether’s hot wallet , absconding with more than $30 million in USD-pegged tokens. Following the theft, the developers of Omni  — a protocol layer built on top of Bitcoin that Tether uses to issue tokens  — released a new version of the Omni Core software that “blacklisted” the stolen tokens from being spent by the attacker.  Tether defended this action in this week’s announcement, arguing that it protected all users against further disruptions.  “This action was not taken lightly and has allowed Tether to safeguard against any further potential disruptions to the ecosystem in an effort to protect the entire community,” the announcement said.  Tether had heavily restricted wallet services following the incident  — even as it continued to issue new tokens  — but it said that it reopened limited services this week so that users could begin withdrawing funds from their wallets.  Direct Purchases  & Sales Disabled  However, new user registrations have been disabled  — as have direct purchase and sales of tethers  — while the company migrates its services to the new platform. In the meantime, the company advised users to redeem or dispose of their tokens at cryptocurrency exchanges.  “Such exchanges and other qualified corporate customers can contact Tether directly to arrange for creation and redemption,” the post said.  Additionally Tether said that it is in the process of updating its terms of service in response to community feedback. Most notably, the company said the new language will clarify that tethers are fully-redeemable to verified customers unless there is a reasonable legal justification  — e.g. accusations involving terrorism financing or jurisdictional restrictions  — to prohibit redemption.  Finally, the company said that Friedman LLP continues to perform a full balance sheet audit of Tether’s assets and that the results of the audit will prove that Tether’s bank balances as listed on its website are accurate.  “Any suggestion to the contrary is uninformed and baseless,” the company wrote, rebuffing critics who have  expressed concern  that Tether is not solvent and that its tokens are being used to artificially inflate the bitcoin price.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  
DECREASE	   Analyst: Bitcoin Price Can Still Rally in the Short-Term, Despite Major Correction Twitter  Alan Silbert, a long-time bitcoin investor and analyst, has predicted a “gut-wrenching correction” to occur and the bitcoin price to decline in the short-term.  On December 6, Silbert wrote:  Next 12 months in  #Bitcoin  : (1) MSM: bubble! bubble! bubble! (2) BTC keeps going higher (3) Gut-wrenching correction (4) MSM: we told you so! (5) HODLers back up truck, new entrants pile in at sale prices (6) BTC rises from the ashes again (7) New ATHs. (8) Repeat pattern.  — Alan Silbert (@alansilbert)  December 6, 2017  Earlier today, on December 22, Silbert reassured the bitcoin community that bitcoin is in the gut-wrenching correction period but will soon move on and demonstrate a swift recovery. Silbert further emphasized that he supports a correction because it stabilizes the market by shaking off speculators and weak hands.  “Unpopular opinion: I welcome a correction. When iced tea companies pivot to blockchain and go up 300%, we have reached terminal stupidity and it’s time to shake out weak hands, rekt iced tea stock buyers, and consolidate on way to $50,000,” said Silbert.  Where Does Bitcoin Price Go From Here?  As CCN previously reported, the recent decline in the market valuation of cryptocurrencies is not exclusive to bitcoin. Every single cryptocurrency in the market has substantially dropped in value. Bitcoin lost the least of its market valuation out of the 10 most valuable cryptocurrencies in the market.  Mike Novogratz, the billionaire hedge fund legend and former Fortress executive, stated that the short-term top has been met and that the bitcoin price could remain in the $16,000 region for awhile. But, Novogratz noted that the bull market of bitcoin is merely pausing and that in the short-term, the price of bitcoin will likely recover. He stated:  “Looks to me like a short term top is in. My hunch is we consolidate between $10,000  – $16,000 for a while. Extreme would be $8,000. Bull market isn’t over. Just pausing.”  Novogratz mentioned that in an extreme situation, the price of bitcoin could fall to $8,000. Even then, on a monthly basis, it would take the price of bitcoin back by one month. Last month, on November 22, the bitcoin price was $8,000 and since then, the price of bitcoin has recorded a staggering 65 percent increase in value.   Considering that the price of bitcoin has already started to recover and it has increased from $12,500 to $13,500 within the past few hours, in the next few days, it is entirely possible that the price of bitcoin could recover back to its previous levels in the $16,000 to $17,000 range.  Important Events to Consider  This week, it was revealed that the $98 billion investment bank Goldman Sachs is planning to launch a cryptocurrency trading desk by early 2018, as reported by Bloomberg.   Michael DuVally, a Goldman Sachs spokesperson, confirmed that the company will address the growing demand for bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market in the upcoming months and in the long-term.  “In response to client interest in digital currencies, we are exploring how best to serve them,”  said DuVally.  In addition to Goldman Sachs, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), the largest stock market in the global finance industry, has applied for two bitcoin exchange-traded funds (ETFs), which will allow institutional investors, casual trainers, and retail traders to invest in bitcoin through regulated channels, apart from bitcoin futures exchanges of Cboe and CME.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Back Again: Estonia Announces Plans for e-Residency Cryptocurrency, Estcoin Twitter  Remarkably, the blockchain system has evolved into building concepts that were not originally intended for a decentralized ledger technology. Such will be the case of  Estonia’s proposed e-Residency Project , powered by the Nation itself, and expected to be a platform that builds a digital nation for global citizens. Virtual reality is one thing, however, a virtual community based on a real-life landmass is novel.  Although, the programme started in 2014, the programme is currently moving at a fast pace and is receiving the cooperation it requires and its community is growing exponentially. It was originally intended for location-independent entrepreneurs and non-Estonians who had interest in investing in the country without physically being present.  Back in  August, 2017 , the Estonian government proposed its own currency based on the blockchain – a national cryptocurrency, which would have made them the first country whose currency was decentralized. However, it received an astonishing  reprimand from the higher-ups , as Estonia is a country under the EU jurisdiction and euro is the central currency, for Estonia to have its own separate currency was unacceptable. Whereas, crypto enthusiasts were excited and embraced the idea of a country finally accepting the responsibilities of cryptocurrencies.  More so, the responses of crypto entrepreneurs are no different from previous crypto projects, they wouldn’t mind purchasing  estcoin , even if at the moment all the coin is, ‘a solution looking for a problem’.  Estonia’s objectives implied are honorable, as they intend to increase their income per capita, through the networks built on the e-Residence platform. They suppose these networks will increase the number of investors and startups in Estonia relatively from a global pool.  Virtual residency, has a way of reducing immigrants, while improving the economy of the host nation through an interactive system. It is clear that the e-Residency programme does not grant immigration rights, however, it only grants access to limited opportunities in the nation to include company registration, banking services and online payment processing.  Finally, by democratizing entrepreneurship globally and enabling the rise of location-independence, Estonia’s e-Residency has found a purpose that aligns with the  blockchain  network.  One very impressive outlook of the programme, is their ability to improve from data assessment recorded as users’ and community feedback.  With Estonia’s  proposed ICO for their e-residency programme , it is clear that the divide between traditional systems or government institutions, and the new age technology the blockchain represents are getting thinner. Estcoin’s view of decentralization further proves this point, as they perceive no single entity should have control over the economy of the digital nation and in fact, would require Public-Private Partnership to coordina te the affairs of the ecosystem.  
DECREASE	   Flash Crash: Bitcoin Price Dives Below $11,000 as Retrace Deepens Twitter  The bitcoin price briefly dove below $11,000 on Friday as the market searched for a support level to stem its severe correction.  Bitcoin Price Flash Crashes Below $11,000  The  bitcoin price  endured a  violent correction  on Friday, headlining a day in which the cryptocurrency market cap  crashed by more than $165 billion  and many new investors learned that  “hodling ” is a lot less fun when the charts turn sour.  Less than a week after hitting an all-time high of $19,891, the bitcoin price plunged to its lowest mark since December 3. At one point, the bitcoin price crashed as low as $10,700 on Bitfinex, representing a $9,000 pullback from its high-water mark and forcing the flagship cryptocurrency ’s market cap below $200 billion. By press time, bitcoin had recovered back to $11,450 but continued to swing violently.  BTC Price Chart  Korea Prices Bitcoin at 37 Percent Premium  The retrace has been led by Western traders, and bitcoin ’s top three trading pairs all belong to the U.S. dollar. Asian exchanges continued to price bitcoin at a premium relative to Western exchanges, and the spread between the markets widened as U.S. traders woke up and Korean traders went to bed.  Source: CoinMarketCap  At the time of writing, there was a $4,201 price discrepancy between Bitfinex, the largest exchange with a BTC/USD pair, and Bithumb, the largest Korean exchange. This translates into a 37 percent premium in Korea, the largest in recent memory.  How Will New Investors Respond?  That the bitcoin price would endure a significant retrace following its parabolic December run should not be surprising. Although no one could predict with certainty when the correction would occur, anyone familiar with the markets knew it lay somewhere on the horizon.  For long-term investors, this retrace is par for the course. However, many bitcoin investors  — perhaps even most  — have never experienced a true bear market. It remains unclear how far the market will drop before it reaches a support level, but one thing is certain: it will shake out many weak hands along the way.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   The Bears Are Back in Town: Cryptocurrency Market Crashes, Loses $125 Billion Twitter  The bears are back in town.  Following a yearlong rally, the cryptocurrency markets turned crimson on Friday as the bitcoin price began what appears to be a significant retrace.  Cryptocurrency Market Cap Plunges by $125 Billion  The retreat was as precipitous as it was comprehensive. Bitcoin plunged by more than 20 percent, while dozens of altcoins crashed by more than 30 percent. Altogether, 98 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies declined against the dollar, and 94 fell by more than 10 percent.  Source: CoinMarketCap  When all was said and done, more than $125 billion had evaporated from the cryptocurrency market cap in a single day, an amount roughly equivalent to the combined value of all cryptocurrencies as recently as August. At the time of writing, the cryptocurrency market cap was valued at $513 billion, but that number was rapidly declining and appeared poised to slip below $500 billion.  Bitcoin Price Plunges Toward $12,000  Bitcoin headlined the retreat, as the bull market appeared to collapse with exhaustion following a breakneck December rally.  The bitcoin price plunged by more than 20 percent on Friday, confirming Pantera Capital founder Dan Morehead ’s prediction that the market would  see a significant retrace  before the end of the year. At the time of writing, the bitcoin price was trading at $12,290, according to the  CCN Bitcoin Price Index , placing it more than $7,000 below the all-time high it set earlier this week and reducing its market cap to a global average of $210 billion.  BTC Price Chart  While the decline cannot be described as anything other than severe, it ’s important to keep it in perspective. Even after this retrace, bitcoin is trading at roughly the same point as it was during the first week of December and is up more than 1,100 percent for the year.  However, this fact may not be of much comfort to recent investors, many of whom have yet to experience a true bear market and have grown accustomed to seeing all-time highs on a daily basis.   Altcoins Markets Turn Crimson  As precipitous as bitcoin ’s decline was, it paled in comparison to that experienced by the majority of top-tier altcoins. In the past day, the altcoin market cap has dropped by $80 billion, from $362 billion on Thursday to $282 billion today.  Altcoin Price Chart  No coin resisted the slaughter. The ethereum price slid by 28 percent, while bitcoin cash crashed by 38 percent to erase its recent bull run.  BCH Price Chart  Ripple managed to  tread water  far longer than other altcoins, but even it eventually succumbed to the storm, posting a single-day decline of 22 percent that forced its price down to $0.81. That said, ripple fared better than litecoin, EOS, dash, NEM, and monero, each of which dropped by more than 30 percent for the day.  IOTA Price Chart  No coin in the top 10, however, was hit harder than IOTA, whose price plummeted by 42 percent, bringing it to a present value of $2.91 and reducing its market cap to $8.1 billion.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ripple Price Swims Against the Raging Crimson Tide Twitter  The ripple price posted a solitary advance on Friday as the wider cryptocurrency markets plummeted by a combined $125 billion.  Ripple Price Fights Against the Crimson Tide  Traders woke up to a sea of red on Friday, and virtually every top-tier cryptocurrency saw its price crash by more than 20 percent against the dollar. However, there was one notable exception.  Ripple, the fourth largest cryptocurrency, managed to post a 24-hour increase of two percent against the dollar, although it had ebbed from the  record high  it set on Thursday afternoon. At the time of writing, the  ripple price  was trading at $0.95 on Bitfinex, struggling to tread water as the storm raged across every other corner of the market.  XRP Price Chart  Ripple ’s USD, BTC, and USDT markets have all dropped below the dollar mark, but Bithumb, Coinone, and Korbit  — South Korean exchanges  — continue to price it at a premium of approximately 25 percent. In Korea, XRP is trading at an equivalent price of roughly $1.24 against the won  — a full 30 cents over Bitfinex ’s XRP/USD pair.  Source; CoinMarketCap  Factors  & Outlook  As CCN has reported, ripple has traded up in recent months in response to a number of bullish announcements, including partnerships with  American Express  and  prominent Asian banks .  However, its resilience in the face of Friday ’s severe market correction may be a product of the  rumor   — as yet unsubstantiated  — that Coinbase is preparing to add full support for ripple in the coming days. Now that Coinbase has  added bitcoin cash , many investors believe ripple is the most likely candidate to become the fifth coin to be added to the trading platform.  However, as today ’s market retrace has demonstrated, Coinbase integration does not necessarily ensure a sustained rally. The crash dealt bitcoin cash a 33 percent blow, according to the  CCN price index , forcing the third-largest cryptocurrency ’s price down to $2,349.  Write to Josiah Wilmoth at josiah.wilmoth(at)cryptocoinsnews.com.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Switzerland-Based Blockchain Platform Aims to Disintermediate Investment Managers Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  10 years ago mathematician and fund manager Nassim Taleb made a fortune during the turmoil surrounding the Great Recession. His bet was simple; he believed the vast majority of investment and fund managers had massive overconfidence in their predictive abilities, so he shorted the market. He made hundreds of millions, and subsequently wrote a series of acclaimed books on his fi ndings.  His main tenet is that money managers rarely outperform random chance sufficiently to justify their exorbitant fees. Not only does this fee system rip off investors, it also prevents average people from benefiting from investment funds as a place to increase wealth. It is a situation where the rich get richer.  Taleb has also expressed his admiration for blockchain technology. This tech movement was born from the urge to democratize and decentralize the money system, reducing the grip of governments and financial institutions.  Several crypto projects have made a lot of progress in this regard, disrupting everything from insurance to file storage. And a Switzerland-based project called trade.io is aiming to do this for the investment market itself.  Trade.io  has an expansive gameplan and platform design to achieve this, and the company is raising an ICO soon. Their platform uses blockchain technology to address issues in the investment industry that were previously impossible to resolve, and also leverages AI to do even better than the existing options open to investors.  Investing: A closed shop and inefficient market  The problem the team at trade.io want to confront the issues present in finance to enable more people to earn better returns from investments. From the most basic standpoint, the company aims to automate much of the administrative deadweight involved in money management, using trustless ledgers and smart contracts to speed the whole process securely, eliminating the need for ma nual processing.  But this only constitutes a small part of their vision. Trade.io is a system that uses both human expertise and artificial intelligence to enable holders of their TIO token to gain returns without needing to make much investment decisions themselves; by merely having a wallet with trade.io tokens they will receive any gains or losses generated by the investment decisions made b y the trade.io community of experts, their AI prediction engine, and other participating token holders who have opted in. Aside from this the platform provides a full possibility to trade a wide range of assets and cryptocurrencies, making it a complete investment ecosystem.  Experienced team and strategic partnerships  One of the common criticisms about many blockchain projects is a lack of well-rounded teams. Trade.io seem to have worked hard to assemble the right expertise on board. Not only do they have experienced money managers such as CEO Jim Preissler (20 years experience in investment banking) as directors on the business side, they also have a wealth of expertise on complex blockchai n tech such as Charles Voltron, the CTO who has been working on blockchain tech for 7 years.  Aside from this, they have cultivated partnerships with tech companies such as Modulus, who have 20 years experience providing solutions to major financial institutions and tech giants like Google. The CEO and founder of Modulus, Richard Gardner, was very positive about the partnership:  “The general trend in the financial industry is undoubtedly moving towards blockchain technology. We were impressed with trade.io’s experience and approach in blockchain, artificial intelligence, and high performance computing, all of which align with the core competencies of Modulus.”  They have also partnered with HitBTC and chosen them as the partner with which they will launch the TIO token to mainstream purchase early next year.  The company have been in development for 2 years, and already racked up some wins with a $50 million investment to get their investment pool started, as well as an incubator that they have set up with the University of Nicosia, Cyprus.  The trade.io ICO  runs until January 4th 2018.  
DECREASE	   InsurePal – Insurance for Blockchain Business Transactions – Announcing Collaboration with Mattereum Twitter  This is a sponsored story.   InsurePal , an award-winning next generation, peer-to-peer insurance based on social proof endorsements, has announced a collaborative partnership with the first Internet of Agreements infrastructure platform, Mattereum. This collaboration is one of the strategic steps InsurePal is initiating towards future-proofing the blockchain in the face of increasing calls for regulation.  With cryptos expanding from mere speculative vehicles to real-world solution assets, governmental agencies and financial institutions have been calling for blockchain identity and transaction regulation, the absence of which remains the chief source mainstream skepticism of the technology.  InsurePal aims to disintermediate trust  between the crypto community and mainstream market through a decentralized and affordable insurance sector that rewards beneficial behavioral patterns.   Knowledge Is Power  InsurePal is the world ’s first self-regulating blockchain platform for the insurance industry that allows users to leverage endorsements and guarantees from friends, families, peers, and associates to lower the cost of insurance. Through its groundbreaking Trustscore rating system, InsurePal will also secure blockchain based business by letting parties craft mutually beneficial contract terms and conditions for any business transaction and the maximum penalty for breaches.   “InsurePal challenges current practices in the insurance industry, which fail to provide a transparent and fair pricing model and needs a new model of risk selection” explains  Matt Peterman,  InsurePal’s CEO.   Every Time a transaction is completed, the network awards Trustscores to endorsers based on feedback. Through this mechanism, Insurepal is not only creating a risk-aware and transparent network for the crypto community, but also the $7 trillion insurance industry, and also rewarding one of the most undervalued human quality; good reputation.The platform will work as a dAPP for B2C customers and as a service for B2B partners that will resell social proof insurance by using InsurePal solution as seen  here  Rewarding Excellence  InsurePal’s bold reinvention of the insurance industry has been herald by the community as a timely intervention, winning first place at the d10e pitching competition in Ljubljana and Bucharest.   “Winning on d10e twice, each time a with different set of investors jury, means that InsurePal has ingredients needed for successful ICO and company development afterward”   Matt Peterman  continues   “We are honored and happy for all the members of the team, as the victory is a true reflection of our state of mind. The project has attracted a lot of investors, gained extremely positive attention from industry experts and our community, confirming to us now is the right time for peer-to-peer social proof insurance platform on blockchain.”  Empowering The Blockchain  The collaboration with Mattereum will further the adoption of blockchain technology by empowering blockchain transactions through three key pillars: insurance, arbitration, and identity. InsurePal will provide insurance of all transactions through its network, while Mattereum will serve as a decentralized court of arbitration for disputed smart contracts.   The collaboration synergies two of the most novel innovation on the blockchain  – InsurePal’s social proof model of shared-risk insurance and Mattereum’s dispute resolution infrastructure  – resolving the identification and compensation concerns dogging blockchain adoption.   “InsurePal looks like very good, clear thinking on how to model risk in insurance in new ways, and deploy new technology to implement those risk models. That ’s how we make progress: new ideas that turn into new experiments. I ’ve contributed a little to their models, and I ’m looking forward to working with them on both modeling and implementation in 2018” says  Vinay Gupta , one of Mattereum’s founders and, previously, release coordinator for Ethereum      Find out more about InsurePal’s disruption of the insurance industry  here  Read the  White  or  Light  paper  Join the conversation on  Telegram  Watch the explainer video about  Personal  and  Business  transaction insurance   
DECREASE	   Israel’s Prime Minister Asks the Question: Can Bitcoin Destroy Banks? Twitter  On December 12, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu openly commented on the future of banking, seen through a  youtube video . He believes that blockchain technology will replace traditional banks as a result of bitcoin ’s growth this year.   The video is one of the first instances where a world leader has openly addressed and commented on cryptocurrencies and the bitcoin. With governments and Central Banks around the world concerned over the unstable growth of digital currencies, Netanyahu, a prominent world leader, expresses his honest opinions on the future of banking.  The Prime Minister states in Hebrew:  Is the fate of banks that they will eventually disappear? Yes. The answer is Yes. Does it need to happen tomorrow? And do we need to do it through Bitcoin? That’s a question mark.  Israel, like many other countries, is currently under a digital currency craze. There have been local media reports of daily price changes and overnight millionaires. There are reports of people queuing outside Bitcoin ATMs in Tel Aviv.  Despite this frenzy, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, an MIT graduate and previously, an economic consultant for the Boston Consulting Group, understands the value in the blockchain, the underlying technology of cryptocurrency.  Netanyahu’s view on banks and blockchain technology  When Netanyahu spoke about the role of banks, he saw that their purpose, to ensure valid and safe transactions between two parties, could be disrupted by the blockchain.  In the 70 second video, he states that a bank is more of a middleman and sees blockchain as a decentralized alternative to the current centralized banking system. ‘The truth behind what I just said is what’s propelling Bitcoin upwards.’ The blockchain can perform all the functions of a bank without the need for an inefficient central institution who takes a transaction cut ever y time.   The Crypto Industry’s Response  The Cryptocurrency Industry responds positively to Netanyahu’s comments.  The Street  demonstrates that Rami Shechter, CEO and founder of  Vanywhere , a blockchain peer to peer sharing platform ‘agrees with Netanyahu’s vision regarding the disappearance of banks in the future, possibly due to cryptocurrency. We believe that the biggest news about cryptocurrency in relation to banks is the reduction of fees. People have had enough with middlemen and third parties taking cuts of every transaction.’  Adam Perlow, founder, and CEO of  Zen Protocol  also agrees with Netanyahu. He states that ‘as the Israeli prime minister said, banks act as escrow agents which reduce counterparty risk. Bitcoin technology provides an alternative solution to counterparty risk. Bitcoin technology provides an alternative solution to counterparty risk by providing a new, more efficient sort of escrow mechanism  – smart contracts. As in any industry, in the long term, it is hard to imagine any plausible outcome where the more effective solution does not render the previous solution obsolete. ”   Netanyahu remains skeptical of Bitcoin ’s future  Although Netanyahu sees the importance of bitcoin and blockchain technology, he is doubtful of Bitcoin’s longevity into the future as:  [T]here’s nothing like this, that will continue rising at this rate. It can’t happen.’  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Charlie Lee: Japan and South Korea Regulations Good For Bitcoin Twitter  On CNBC’s Squawk Box, Litecoin creator and former Coinbase executive Charlie Lee discussed the future of bitcoin, Litecoin, and the cryptocurrency market in the long-term.  Strict Regulations Beneficial For Cryptocurrency Market  During the interview, Lee offered his viewpoint on a wide array of cryptocurrency-related topics including the short-term price trend of Litecoin, current regulatory frameworks for the cryptocurrency market in Japan and South Korea, and the usage of bitcoin and Litecoin as actual currencies.  Over the past month, as CCN reported, the South Korean government has been planning to impose strict regulations on the local cryptocurrency exchange market to better facilitate the growth of the industry and protect investors.  Yesterday, on December 14, the South Korean government directly refuted unconfirmed reports on the possibility of a cryptocurrency trading ban, solidifying its stance in regards to the South Korean cryptocurrency market and its intent to regulate the space.  Lee noted that the imposition of practical regulation by the Japanese and South Korean governments that oversee the second and third largest cryptocurrency exchange markets behind the US is optimistic for the long-term growth of cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin and Litecoin.  “I think increased regulation will help to reduce the volatility of the coin. A lot of the recent gains have had a lot to do with countries like (South) Korea and Japan really getting into the cryptocurrency space,” said Lee.  He further emphasized that South Korea has replaced China as an emerging cryptocurrency market and that South Korea has been pushing the price of leading cryptocurrencies recently.  “Ever since China banned the bitcoin exchanges, (South) Korea has really taken up the mantle. There is a lot of frenzy in (South) Korea right now and I think that ’s driving up the price. ”  In August, Bithumb, South Korea’s largest cryptocurrency exchange, overtook the country’s main stock market KOSDAQ in daily trading volume, processing nearly $3 billion in cryptocurrency trades.  Will Litecoin and Bitcoin be Used as Actual Currencies?  Currently, bitcoin, Litecoin, and most of the currencies in the cryptocurrency market are being used as stores of value and safe haven assets. Only a small portion of users are utilizing cryptocurrencies to process payments, mostly due to the scalability issues of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ethereum.  Lee explained that it may take at least five years for any of the currency in the cryptocurrency market to be used as an actual currency on a day-to-day basis. But, if the exponential growth rate of the cryptocurrency market can be sustained in the upcoming years, casual users could begin using bitcoin and Litecoin as day-to-day currencies in the mid-term.  “I think we ’re still maybe five years away before people actually start using bitcoin and litecoin in real world use as a currency,” said Lee.  On the short-term price trend of Litecoin, Lee stated that he would be satisfied if the price of Litecoin remans above $300 by the end of 2018, given its meteoric rise in value of the past few weeks.    I would be happy if litecoin stays at around $300 by the end of next year.   Featured image from Shutterstock .  
DECREASE	   Mexican Authorities Call ICOs Illegal, Cryptocurrencies Risky Twitter  Apparently spooked by bitcoin ’s recent growth and popularity,  Mexico’s  central bank and finance industry warned consumers that initial coin offerings violate the law and claimed cryptocurrencies were risky investments, according to  Reuters .     CNBV, the country’s securities regulator, joined other government authorities in stating that Mexico does not recognize cryptocurrencies as a legal form of payment. The statement further noted there have been no ICOs to originate in Mexico.  Government Wary Of Fraud  Some ICOs, depending on certain characteristics, that originate in Mexico could violate the Markets and Securities Law, thereby constituting a financial crime, the statement said. Only seasoned investors should experiment with cryptocurrencies, authorities said, adding that they should be on the lookout for signs of fraud.  Cryptocurrencies have demonstrated high volatility and are subject to extensive speculation, the statement said.  This week, bitcoin reached record highs, causing outages at trading services and creating questions about the reliability of the cryptocurrency platforms.  Heavy trading activity caused  Coinbase  to go down on Tuesday while Bitfinex had to deactivate its website due to “junk” online requests.  The government previously ruled not to make bitcoin legal tender since it is not regulated by a central bank.  Also read:  Mexico is working on legislature to regulate bitcoin firms  Lawmakers Seek Regulation  Mexico’s legislature recently proposed a bill to regulate companies that interact with bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, along with the wider financial technology sector.  According to El Economista, the legislature will not  regulate bitcoin  and cryptocurrencies themselves. The bill will focus on firms that operate within the digital currency ecosystem.  The bill does not include specific details about the bitcoin regulations, giving the central bank broad authority to regulate companies operating within this space. However, it claims that the regulations will drive innovation and competition by establishing a clear operational framework.  The bill targets money launderers and terrorist organizations that allegedly use cryptocurrency to circumvent the law. Mexico’s approach is much more conciliatory than that of China, which issued a blanket ban on ICOs and has begun to shutter bitcoin exchanges.  
DECREASE	   $4 Billion: ICO Fundraising Hits New Milestone as Regulators Curtail Hype Twitter  Initial coin offering (ICO) fundraising passed another historic milestone this week,  surpassing $4 billion just days after U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Chairman Jay Clayton issued a statement that, essentially, accused the vast majority of ICO organizers from violating federal regulations governing securities laws.  Source: Autonomous Next  According to fintech research firm  Autonomous NEXT , ICOs have now raised more than $4.2 billion in 2017, eclipsing the $265 million raised from 2014 to 2016 combined.   Unlike in previous years, the funds have been distributed to a wide variety of project types, with the most-funded industries being core technology (e.g. new blockchains) and finance.  However, although it has been a record-setting year for ICOs, data indicates that the nascent fundraising model may be entering the latter half of a hype cycle.  According to ICO tracking service CoinSchedule, the fervor reached a peak in September, when  — spurred by Filecoin’s $257 million crowdsale  — ICOs raised more than $800 million. Approximately $600 million was raised in three different months: June, July, and October, but fundraising made a precipitous decline in November.  Source: CoinSchedule  There are several possible reasons for this. The first is that, given bitcoin’s meteoric Q4 rally, many investors are hesitant to sacrifice the potential gains they can make by holding bitcoin  — especially if that means placing bets on assets that may not net them meaningful returns for months or even years.  Another potential factor is that investors are beginning to eye ICOs with more scrutiny. Not only have multiple projects turned out to be scams, but even a much-touted project like Tezos has been  beset by management infighting , causing development to lag targets and multiple investors to file  class-action lawsuits .  Finally, the SEC has begun  cracking down  on non-compliant token sales, causing organizers to take a more careful approach when launching ICOs.  Autonomous Next ’s Lex Sokolin believes that the reduction in funding is an indication that the ICO marketplace  — and its participants  — are maturing.  “It is harder than before to get funded, so on average the market is cooler towards any particular project, ”  Sokolin told  Business Insider .  “But overall, ICOs are becoming more mature, both in operating models, code and regulatory approach. ”  This maturation may mute funding during the short-term, but it will likely yield long-term fruit. Due to increased regulatory oversight, several established companies are building infrastructure to help startups launch ICOs in a compliant manner. Crowdfunding service Indiegogo recently launched an  ICO platform  that supports both utility and security tokens, and one of e-commerce pioneer Overstock ’s portfolio companies is building a  compliant token marketplace  that will allow startups to sell equity to investors.  
DECREASE	   Ripple Overtakes Bitcoin Cash to Become the Third Largest Cryptocurrency Twitter  Ripple has overtaken Bitcoin Cash to become the third largest cryptocurrency in the market with a $31 billion market cap, after recording a 47 percent increase in value within the past 24 hours.   Up 45% Within the Past 24 Hours  Over the past two days, the daily trading volume of Ripple surpassed that of all cryptocurrencies in the market apart from bitcoin. On December 15, the daily trading volume of Ripple doubled that of Ethereum.  Previously CCN reported  that the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market pushed the price of Ripple up 71 percent within a single day, triggered by the collaboration between Japanese and South Korean banks to test Ripple blockchain technology-based payment solutions.  Takashi Okita, the CEO at SBI Ripple Asia, emphasized in an official statement that in the upcoming months, Ripple Labs will continue to deploy and test its solutions and blockchain infrastructure in Japan and South Korea.  “South Korea is one of the most active markets worldwide when it comes to blockchain innovation and trading of digital assets. With trade flows into and out of the country totaling $960 billion every year, we also see a high end growing demand for Ripple’s frictionless payments solution in the country,” said Okita.  Following the announcement of Okita and the finalization of strategic partnership between South Korean and Japanese banks, the price of Ripple surged by more than 100 percent within a three-day span. Over the past 24 hours, the price of Ripple increased from $0.56 to $0.81, by more than 45 percent.   Centralization of Trading Volume in South Korea  The South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market and the vast majority of investors within it tend to be moved by FOMO, or fear of missing out. When the value of a cryptocurrency begins to surge at a rapid rate, everyone else in the market rushes to invest in it.  Any cryptocurrency with a strong base within the South Korean cryptocurrency exchange market tend to surge or decline in large margins, as seen in the case of Ripple, Monero, and Bitcoin Cash. On some days, these cryptocurrencies increase by more than 50 percent in value.  At the time of reporting, South Korea’s largest cryptocurrency exchange Bithumb accounts for more than 31 percent of global Ripple trades. Other major local exchanges including Korbit and Coinone account for an additional 12 percent.  Bithumb alone has a higher trading volume of Ripple than that of Poloniex, Bittrex, Bitfinex, Binance, Bitstamp, and Bitfinex combined.  In the short-term, Ripple’s centralization of trading volume in South Korea could become an issue, as the South Korean government is planning to impose strict regulations on the local cryptocurrency exchange market in the upcoming weeks.  As CCN reporte d on December 14, the South Korean government is expected to introduce policies on restricting individual investors and non accredited traders in investing in cryptocurrencies.  “In the short-term excessive regulations on preventing underaged investors and institutional traders from investing in bitcoin could negatively affect the price trend and demand for cryptocurrencies in the South Korean market.”  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin ‘Keeping Me Awake at Night’: Bank of Canada Governor Twitter  U.S. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen may not think that cryptocurrencies  play much of a role  in the economy, but the head of the Bank of Canada said that the hype surrounding bitcoin keeps him awake at night.  Bitcoin  ‘Keeping Me Awake at Night: Canadian Banking Chief  In a year-end speech titled “ Three Things Keeping Me Awake at Night ,” Stephen Poloz, governor of Canada ’s central bank, told attendees at the Canadian Club of Toronto that three of his chief concerns heading into the new year are cyber threats, rising household debt due to the cost of housing, and the difficulties that younger Canadians face when trying to find employment.  However, before he concluded his speech, Poloz confessed that there is something else that causes him to lose sleep: “ the noise I keep hearing about cryptocurrencies, especially Bitcoin.”  In true  Festivus tradition , Poloz aired his list of grievances against bitcoin, beginning with the “misnomer” of calling it a cryptocurrency.  “To begin with basics, the term “cryptocurrency” is a misnomer—“crypto,” yes, but “currency,” no. For something to be considered a currency, it must act as a reliable store of value, and you should be able to spend it easily. These instruments possess neither of these characteristics, so they do not constitute “money,” Poloz said.  Rather, he said, cryptocurrencies are structurally more akin to high-risk securities, although purchasing them resembles gambling more than investing.  “So, what are cryptocurrencies, exactly? Characteristics vary widely but, generally speaking, they can be thought of as securities,” Poloz said. “What their true value is may be anyone’s guess—perhaps the most one can say is that buying these things means buying risk, which makes it closer to gambling than investing.”  Bank of Canada Researching Digital Currency  Finally, Poloz expressed confusion that anyone would want to move outside of the central banking system, which provides consumers with  “an absolutely vital public good. ”  “It is often forgotten that the cash provided by a central bank is the only truly risk-free means of payment, ” he said, ignoring the obvious threats of counterfeiting and, in some countries,  runaway hyperinflation .  Nevertheless, Poloz conceded that, as the world moves deeper into the digital age, the desire for  “digital cash ” will continue to increase, providing  “strong arguments ” that central banks  — including the Bank of Canada  — should research how to appropriately issue digital currency to meet this perceived need within the legacy financial system.  “All central banks are researching this,” he concluded.  
DECREASE	   ‘Mrs. Watanabe’ Driving Bitcoin Price Higher: Deutsche Bank Twitter  Mainstream financiers like BlackRock CEO Larry Fink may claim that bitcoin is an “index of money laundering,” but a new report from Deutsche Bank AG says that this year’s bitcoin price surge is not the product of criminal activity, it’s Mrs. Watanabe.  As reported by  Bloomberg , the Japanese branch of the German banking giant issued a note to clients attributing the bitcoin price’s dramatic fourth-quarter rally to ‘Mrs. Watanabe,” a term colloquially used to refer the archetypical Japanese retail investor: a housewife who manages her family’s finances with a shrewd eye.  Source: BitcoinWisdom/Bitfinex  That Mrs. Watanabe would embrace bitcoin so willingly may seem surprising given her cautious reputation, but that stereotype has not been true for some time now. Facing low domestic interest rates, many retail investors in Japan had become active forex traders over the past several decades  — accounting for approximately 50 percent of all forex margin trading.  These investors see cryptocurrency trading as a natural corollary to forex trading, albeit with the opportunity to reap much larger returns.  For instance, on bitFlyer  — the highest-volume Japanese bitcoin exchange  — traders can exercise up to 15 times leverage.  “We think that retail investors are shifting from leveraged foreign-exchange trading to leveraged cryptocurrency trading,” analysts led by Masao Muraki wrote.  Indeed, Japan has emerged as a  major economic center  for the cryptocurrency industry since the country passed bitcoin-friendly regulations earlier this year. According to some estimates, as much as 40 percent of all cryptocurrency trading is now denominated in yen  — a phenomenon that was spurred by China’s  crackdown  on mainland cryptocurrency exchanges.  However, the report warned that, due to the compounded risks of trading on margin with assets that are already quite volatile, investors could quickly turn sour on cryptocurrency if the bitcoin price enters a bear cycle.  “The risk of incurring losses greater than margin is higher than in normal foreign-exchange trading, due to high intraday volatility,” the report said.  But the bank is not just concerned about cryptocurrency traders themselves. Noting that  “speculation in cryptocurrency is growing to a scale that cannot be ignored, ” the report said that the bank intends to research potential impact on the wider markets if the so-called bitcoin bubble should burst.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
DECREASE	   At $300 Billion, Bitcoin Is Now the World ’s 15th Most Valuable Liquid Currency Twitter  Bitcoin ’s market cap crossed $300 billion on Friday ahead of the launch of futures contracts on U.S. derivatives exchange CME. As a result of this rally, bitcoin is now the world ’s 15th most valuable liquid currency, as measured by the M1 narrow money supply.  Bitcoin Price Hits New All-Time High on Bitfinex  Bitcoin achieved this  historic milestone  on Friday morning, following a rally that raised the bitcoin price to a new all-time high of $18,111 on cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex. This represented a single-day increase of nearly $2,000.  Source: BitcoinWisdom  The global average bitcoin price rose somewhat higher, thanks to large premiums on Bithumb and other South Korean exchanges. At the time of writing, Korean exchanges priced bitcoin more than $1,000 higher than many exchanges that offer direct trading against the U.S. dollar.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The rally is likely connected to the impending launch of bitcoin futures on CME. Although fellow Chicago exchange CBOE listed futures this week, CME is much larger, so its products are expected to attract more attention from institutional investors.  Bitcoin Now 15th Largest Liquid Currency  At $300 billion, bitcoin is now the world ’s 15th largest currency, as measured by the M1 money supply, a classification that measures the value of physical currency in circulation, as well as liquid bank deposits.  Bitcoin is more valuable than the circulating currencies of both Hong Kong and India, and it is just a few billion dollars behind that of Saudi Arabia. However, bitcoin faces a steep climb before it can enter the top 10; the 10th spot currently belongs to Canada, whose M1 money supply totals $637 billion.  Source: Jameson Lopp/CIA World Factbook  Now, critics will point out  — correctly, to some extent  — that the M1 classification provides a very narrow view of a currency ’s total valuation, as well as the fact that, at present, bitcoin is far less liquid than other currencies of comparable size.  Nevertheless, even conceding these facts, there is one thing that the chart makes clear: cryptocurrencies are an asset class that can no longer be ignored.     
DECREASE	   Want to Short Bitcoin? It’s Going to Cost You Twitter  The largest U.S. electronic brokerage firm now allows clients to short bitcoin futures through the nascent bitcoin futures market on regulated exchange CBOE, but the margin requirements may price small-scale traders out of the market.  Interactive Brokers, which processes more daily average revenue trades than any other electronic brokerage firm in the U.S., made the announcement this week, several days after the first  bitcoin futures  launched on CBOE.  Like  many brokerage firms , Interactive Brokers did not initially allow clients to take up short positions in CBOE’s bitcoin futures market. However, the firm changed its mind after observing the large premium that the January contracts were trading at over the spot price of bitcoin.  “The introduction of short sales was necessitated by the large premium of the January futures contract over the price at which Bitcoin trades on the physical venues,” said Thomas Peterffy, founder and chairman of Interactive Brokers.  At the time of writing, January futures were trading at $18,100, while the spot price of bitcoin was $17,631, according to CBOE’s index price.  Source: CBOE  “That says to me that there aren’t enough brokers allowing shorting, ” Peterffy explained in an interview with  BuzzFeed News ,  “because if there were, there would be people that buy the cash and sell the futures. ”  Peterffy, many will remember, has been one of the most vocal critics of bitcoin futures and the exchanges that decided to list them. Last month, he took out a  full-page ad  ( PDF ) in The Wall Street Journal to warn about the risks that bitcoin futures could have on the wider financial markets.  Nevertheless, Interactive Brokers ultimately determined that since the futures products were going to be listed anyway, they would not prevent clients from trading them.   The firm said that it processed approximately 50 percent of all trading volume during the first few days that bitcoin futures were listed on CBOE, so its decision to allow clients to short bitcoin could have significant ramifications on the market.  However, the firm’s strict requirements will likely price many retail investors out of the market. All clients taking short positions will be required to maintain a margin of $40,000 per contract in their trading accounts for each short sale.  Since each CBOE contract is equivalent to 1 BTC, that margin requirement works out to more than 200 percent of the contract value.  Clients taking long positions, for reference, must maintain a margin of $9,000 per contract, a rate of approximately 50 percent.  
DECREASE	   Skychain Global: Artificial Intelligence for the Healthcare Industry Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  The Skychain Global project  promises to revolutionize the medical diagnostics market. Let’s take a closer look at the project.  Skychain will provide an open infrastructure based on blockchain principles to facilitate the development, training, and using of medical neural networks. Skychain’s goal is to enable easy transactions between these four groups of participants: providers of healthcare big data required for neural network training; developers of neural networks for medical diagnostics; doctors a nd patients interested in accurate diagnoses made by artificial intelligence systems; and crypto miners interested in making a profit from their computational resources.  The project aims at building a system that will be far superior to any competitive products since it will be based on a unique approach and have a unique architecture.  Skychain’s value for market players  The Skychain project cares about social and humanitarian values. There are 7.5 billion people in the world, and more than 6 billion of them can’t get a medical diagnosis of an early disease due to a lack of access to high-quality healthcare services. Millions of lives are lost every year for that reason. Our project aims at providing high-quality medical diagnostics for patient s by allowing their doctors and nurses to use artificial intelligence systems.  Skychain will be beneficial to doctors and patients in advanced nations. It will boost the doctors’ productivity by automatically checking their patients’ test and examination results and bringing the doctors’ attention to important details that are often overlooked due to a lack of time.  Skychain will be beneficial for insurance companies. It will provide an independent “third opinion” for the diagnoses of the patients whose treatment is covered by the insurance policy.  Skychain vs. other similar blockchain projects  A close examination of blockchain projects like SingularityNET, SONM, and Golem shows that none of them stands a chance in the medical artificial intelligence market as they don’t address its major problems.  For example, if you want to develop a medical neural network for the SingularityNET system, it will be difficult, but not because of a lack of neural network training infrastructure. SingularityNET also doesn’t provide an AI Marketplace, but that’s not the major problem, either. The major problem is that you need a huge amount of data (“big data”) to train your medical neural n etwork. The question is, where can you get healthcare big data? If you are a corporate giant like IBM, you could probably fork out some $1.5 billion for the big data to train your neural network. But most companies don’t follow that approach since it would mean a loss of their investment in data acquisition or licensing. Besides, 99.99% of all neural network developers don’t ha ve deep pockets like IBM.  Skychain offers a fundamentally new, unique approach to medical neural network development and training:        Skychain’s Data Marketplace will allow many healthcare data providers to provide their datasets as a service for neural network training.       The neural networks trained on such datasets will only be used in the Skychain system to guarantee that the data providers will get their share of the profits generated by training neural networks on their datasets;       Preparing medical datasets for neural network training will become a profitable business for healthcare data providers.  The Skychain project cares about the intellectual property of medical neural network developers and healthcare data providers. No third parties will be able to access any trained neural networks or any datasets used for their training.  Skychain will allow the best artificial intelligence specialists to quickly develop neural networks and train them on huge amounts of healthcare data that no company, organization, or nation could ever accumulate. As a result, both the spectacular number of neural networks in the Skychain system and their high quality will be beyond the reach of any private or public project.  That kind of approach and architecture will create a unique ecosystem that will allow healthcare data providers interested in making a profit from their big data to meet with artificial intelligence system developers who need a lot of data to train their neural networks. That’s why Skychain is going to capture the medical artificial intelligence market where other blockchain pr ojects we know of would fail.  Skychain vs. big corporate projects (IBM Watson)  Corporate giants are aiming at the artificial intelligence market in the healthcare industry, estimated to reach $200 billion in 5 years. But they are going to fail as their approach is very ineffective. Let’s use IBM as an example.  In short, IBM’s approach is “buy everything and capture the market.” But that kind of approach will not work in this case.  IBM understands the importance of healthcare big data for neural network training, so it has gained access to 100 million patient cards by acquiring Truven Health Analytics, a leading provider of cloud-based healthcare data and analytics, for $2.6 billion. According to some experts, it would take IBM an investment of about $137 billion in healthcare big data if it wants to allo w Watson to develop properly. But even a behemoth like IBM can’t afford that kind of outlay! So the expensiveness of data becomes the limiting factor for medical neural network training.  Skychain will overcome that limitation. Both neural network developers and healthcare data providers will benefit from joining the Skychain ecosystem. Neural network developers will get a reward each time their neural networks are accessed by  Skychain’s end users , and data providers will get a reward each time any neural network trained on their datasets is accessed by end users.  The second problem that Watson has run into is its dogmatism. Watson was taught to recognize and treat cancer only by the healthcare professionals of Memorial Sloan–Kettering Cancer Center (New York, NY), so all of its decisions regarding the diagnosis and the treatment regimen are based exclusively on the concepts and therapies adopted in that medical institution. It became a  stumbling block when IBM Watson Health tried to sign contracts with other medical institutions whose doctors hated the idea that they would have to use such a limited system of concepts!  Unlike Watson, Skychain ensures medical pluralism by hosting a lot of independent neural networks trained on a large amount of healthcare data. The important thing is that Skychain will automatically check the quality and accuracy of each neural network before offering the end user a choice of neural networks pre-selected based on their ratings for specific diagnostics.  The third problem of IBM Watson is that it already lags behind in technology. The open community of neural network developers thrives, and more and more tools and libraries for neural network development become available. But IBM so far prefers to develop proprietary neural networks in its back rooms. No wonder it lags behind the latest technological developments!  Skychain will allow neural network developers to use any tools or libraries to create artificial intelligence modules for a specific diagnostic task or training dataset format. Thanks to Skychain’s open-minded approach to different technologies, it will always be at the frontier of artificial intelligence development and leave behind any closed corporate products.  As you can see, Skychain can successfully solve the three key problems that IBM Watson has run into, and which are inherent in any closed, proprietary product for the medical AI market. Skychain can also reduce the costs of all parties by a few orders of magnitude, which will make its ecosystem even more efficient and accessible for end users.  The potential of the Skychain project  Artificial intelligence for the healthcare industry is one of the most cost-effective and useful applications of neural networks.  Skychain  can potentially save millions of lives every year.  The annual turnover in the Skychain ecosystem can reach $100 billion or more. Skychain has every chance to become a leader in the global medical AI market (like Uber did in the taxi industry).  The Skychain project team  Skychain Global was founded by Gennady Popov. He is also the founder and CEO of a successful IT business, WSS-Consulting ( http://www.wss-consulting.ru ), which employs some 80 software engineers, offers two software products of its own for the enterprise market, and has about 400 major clients. WSS-Consulting has an impeccable reputation. Since it was founded 11 years ago, all of its projects have been successful, and it never had a dispute or controversy with clients. Gennady Popov also has an extensive experience as a progr ammer and software architect in such areas as medical automation and medical neural networks.  The Skychain project team includes experienced programmers and advisors on such issues as digital medicine, neural networks, government affairs, and business development.  Conclusions  It looks like  Skychain  is based only on existing, proven technologies, has a well-thought-out architecture, and doesn’t have any technological risks. Skychain project managers have also explored all the regulatory and legal issues associated with the Skychain project and obtained a confirmation that Skychain can be legally used by any parties in its ecosystem.  The major problem of the project is to create an ecosystem, bring the necessary participants, and achieve a critical mass. If that problem is successfully solved, Skychain will start developing exponentially and is likely to become a global leader whose dominant position is beyond the reach of any closed or open product.   
DECREASE	   $530 Billion: Cryptocurrencies Become More Valuable Than Facebook Twitter  The bitcoin price rallied past $18,000 on Friday as traders rolled their altcoins profits back into the flagship cryptocurrency. Many top-tier coins, including ethereum, experienced price declines, causing them to lose part of the market share that they had fought to recoup during bitcoin ’s mid-week slump.  Source: CoinMarketCap  But although the markets were mixed, strong performances from bitcoin, ripple, and one other top-tier altcoin lifted the cryptocurrency market cap by $19 billion, raising it to a new height of $530 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Though not a milestone in and of itself, achieving the $530 billion mark was significant for another reason. Wall Street strategist Tom Lee attributes this year ’s massive bitcoin price increase to the  “ network effect , ” so it is fitting that the combined value of all cryptocurrencies has now surpassed the market cap of the most popular social network: Facebook.  Source: Google   Bitcoin Price Rallies Past $18,000  Though the majority of cryptocurrencies posted single-day declines on Friday, the bitcoin price rallied more than eight percent, enabling the dominant cryptocurrency to crack the $18,000 mark and inch closer to its all-time high. At present, the bitcoin price is trading at a global average of $18,134, which translates into a $303.6 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Ethereum Price Sees Post-Surge Stumble  That rally came, to some extent, at the expense of altcoins that had been on a mid-week surge. The  ethereum price , for instance, had leaped to a new all-time high of $752, and many investors began to believe that $1,000 was on the horizon. However, the ethereum price experienced a 10 percent correction on Friday, reducing the second-largest cryptocurrency to a present value of $653. This translates into a $63 billion market cap.  Ethereum Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Altcoins Skew Negative  The altcoin markets were mixed on Friday with a handful of cryptocurrencies posting significant increases but the majority engaging in a retreat. On the whole, the altcoin market cap dropped to $227 billion  — a single-day decline of $6 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The ripple price was one of the few altcoins to defy the prevailing trend. Bolstered by  increased interest among Asian traders , the ripple price soared to a new all-time high of $0.892, although it has since settled down to $0.758. This nevertheless represents a single-day rally of 33 percent, and, significantly, enables ripple to command the third-largest market cap.  Ripple Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  To achieve that status, ripple surpassed two coins that had made mid-week rallies: bitcoin cash and litecoin. Both of these cryptocurrencies, now ranked fourth and fifth, posted single-day declines of 12 percent. IOTA and dash, meanwhile, each saw its price fall by six percent.  Aside from ripple, cardano was the only other top 10 altcoin to yield investors a meaningful increase. The cardano price soared by 45 percent, catapulting this cryptocurrency into the eighth spot in the market cap rankings.  Cardano Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  NEM posted a minor increase of three percent, and bitcoin gold took a 12 percent hit to round out the top 10.  
DECREASE	   Sports Betting Is an Unexplored Crypto-Mine Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  There is something exhilarating and thrilling about being able to place a wager on your favorite sports team. Not only, does it allow fans to put their money where their mouths are, it also is a way of allowing them to become a part of the contest in someway. According to the  European Gaming and Betting Association (EGBA) , regulated betting made up for $58 bln in total gambling yield in 2012, this number was projected to reach $70 bln by 2016. The growth in sports gambling revenue has been driven by new breakthroughs in technologies and product platforms as stated by the EGBA. There is also a healthy relationship between sports itself and betting as the  betting body points out , “ The mutually beneficial commercial association between betting and sporting events has continued to grow with sponsorship and advertising revenues from regulated gambling companies, particularly in Europe, reported to have become a significant source of funding for sports bodies.”  The coming of the Internet has certainly changed sports and other betting but technology is ever evolving by nature and there are improvements that can be made even on existing systems. Sometimes technology can even open up possibilities that did not exist before. Crypto-betting is one such field that has laid hitherto unexplored but there are pioneers already waiting to capitalize on the opportunities in this field.  How Blockchain can change betting  Blockchain technology is touching many aspects of modern life like finance, technology, medicine and even music. Coupled with smart contracts,  Blockchain  technology can be a powerful tool in establishing trust in areas where there is inherently no trust. Trusted Blockchain technology like  Ethereum  has its use cases in the sports and other betting sector as it can be used to guarantee payments, usher in transparency, prevent lock-outs caused by frequent wins, establish identity, reduce risks like embezzlements and provide reliable account security and privacy. Due to the smart contract functionality available on Ethereum, it has become possible to automate terms of agreement between the player and the bookmaker. These conditions can also be made immutable. Escrow services can be provided by default until the conditions are fulfilled.   A new era in betting awaits  The X factor is transparency. It is going to be the driver that grows sports betting and makes people want to play the stakes online. This can be achieved by tokenization of the betting systems, which Ethereum allows. The pioneer in this segment would be able to usher in a new era where investors would have great control over their funds in the betting system and a level of confidentiality that does not exist till date. Tokenization would also help various segments of the betting industry benefit, whether they are casinos, bookmakers or game providers. A whole gamut of services can piggyback on an Ethereum based tokenized betting system as an example Betting lines and contracts, ticket and token issues, settlement and exchange services, ID/Win protection etc.   World’s first crypto-betting platform  XWIN  has devised the world’s first crypto-betting platform, based on the Ethereum Blockchain. Users would be able to place bets from anywhere in the world at their convenience around the clock. The XWIN platform is based on the XWIN token. An initial coin offering (ICO) is being held to sell the tokens starting Jan. 1, 2018. A total of 100 mln XWIN tokens would be issued, 80 percent of which are available in the open sale.   Investors in the token sale will benefit as they stand to gain 20 percent of the margins. According to a  whitepaper  released by the project, the margin ranges from six to 20 percent of the  betting  rate. Out of the total margin realized, distributions would be made in the following manner:  25%  – to the fund of guaranteed payments to the players; 35%  – PR, marketing, promotion and advertising; 20%  – administration and legal support; 20%  – income distributed among  Pre-sale a bonus opportunity for investors  The XWIN token presale is on at the moment of writing this article and has raised $1,208,941. Participating investors stand to get a 40% percent bonus during the presale period that will last until Dec. 31, 2017. Prospective investors can visit the XWIN  website  for more information on how to participate in the pre-sale.   XWIN are entering  unchartered waters  but that is where the bounty is as humans have always liked to go and create value where there wasn’t any before. It would be interesting to see how Blockchain plays out in a field that has not yet benefitted from it before.   
DECREASE	   World First Decentralised, Self-Regulating Investment Platform with Index Fund Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Gibraltar:  Ignite Ratings , a Gibraltar-based blockchain start-up, is the world’s first, truly decentralized, self-regulating platform powered entirely by crowd-sourced opinion.  Ignite plans to disrupt the way that ICOs and digital assets are reviewed and traded by adopting a truly innovative approach, combining a decentralised intelligence platform with an investment index that is powered by the ratings platform itself. Ignite’s software automatically deploys the index ’s capital by way of investment into the highest-rated assets and returns 50% of profits generated by the index back to qualified token holders.    Ratings agencies in traditional finance are incentivised by the issuers, which creates a clear conflict of interest. Additionally, traditional ratings are not based on real-time information, but are usually written and distributed after the fact; thus value for a trader or investor is limited at best. Ignite breaks away from the traditional incentive model as its users are actually deploying capital which they contributed during the Ignite ICO. Thus, token holders are incentivised to rate assets appropriately, as funds are automatically deployed by way of investment into the platform ’s most highly-rated assets.   The Ignite platform works much like any other rating or review platform, such as TripAdvisor or Yelp, whereby Ignite token holders are the ones providing opinions on blockchain-based assets. Ignite refers to their users as the HIVE, appropriate as all users work together, combining their unique skills, opinions and investment methodologies to generate a collective ratings score.   One might ask, how a process as complicated as ratings can be handled by a group of anonymous token holders?  The proprietary Ignite  “Reputation Engine ” handles member interactions with the platform, which themselves are subject to review and rating by the community  – members with low reputation scores have less impact on the ratings process, while highly-reputable members have more influence. In this way, the community is self-moderating and the platform resistant to collusion from those who would seek to  “game ” the system. Ignite records all interactions with its platform on the blockchain, ensuring that all users ’ activity is fully transparent and all assets and trades have an audit trail stored on the blockchain.  Ignite ’s co-founder, Christopher Cousins, says “If a user is capable of making an investment then they ought to be able to explain the reasons why they feel it will be a successful investment. I imagine we will have very interesting viewpoints from a wide demographic, with a variety of backgrounds and skill sets”.   As all community members share the common goal of profit, interests are fully aligned across the community to ensure that individuals rate well and rate honestly. The end result is a decentralised ratings agency which, according to swarm theory, should provide superior returns, while providing real time ratings information to the industry.  Ignite has already received significant seed funding, raising over 4000 ETH from several high profile investors and are partnered with  Overstock’s   T-Zero  and  SpeedRoute  to provide cutting edge trading technology.    Ignite’s members are also encouraged to revisit and maintain the adequacy of their ratings as assets can be liquidated, or purchased instantly should the HIVE make a collective  “decision ”. The Ignite Index will only invest a maximum of 1% of its current net asset value into any one asset, which makes the token itself an incredible diversification tool in its own right, as it provides token holders with exposure to the highest-rated ICOs.   Token Sale Details  Pre Sale – 15th of December – 22nd of December  ICO – 15th of January – 28th of Feburary  To participate in the ICO or to learn more about the Ignite Ratings platform, you can visit the official website  –  https://igniteratings.com/  and in the Telegram chat  –  https://t.me/igniteratingsICO  You can also view the Ignite Ratings whitepaper here  –  https://igniteratings.com/white-paper/  
DECREASE	   Zen, Finance and the Blockchain: What Traders Need to Know Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  One new blockchain company,  Zen Protocol , is tackling these points head-on. By concentrating on one idea: building a blockchain for finance.  Zen Protocol is a platform built for finance . We designed Zen to solve a real problem: trading assets without relying on third parties.  Our team is based in Tel Aviv, with backgrounds in maths, finance, design and marketing. Some of us have been involved in the Bitcoin space since 2011, and we’ve been creating tools to make Bitcoin better since 2013. the team aim to create a secure, flexible network that gives users control of their own assets, with no bank or trusted intermediary necessary.  In 2016, we began work on Zen Protocol. When Ethereum’s “theDAO” contract was hacked, it became clear to us that a platform designed for financial uses, like creating assets and granting rights, could provide much more security than was available at the time. Since then, we have been working on a new architecture that makes finance on the blockchain safe, fast, and useful.  Zen Protocol uses an all-new codebase, with built-in tools that stop bugs from ever making it into the smart contracts you use on the platform. Zen will let you create and trade any sort of financial asset, with a  modern system for using real-world data , and with links to the Bitcoin network. All of this is running right now in our  testnet.  The smart contract language has the same Zen-like focus on finance. It makes the bugs and vulnerabilities of existing blockchains much easier to protect against, integrating a mechanism for creating “formal proofs” – pieces of code that guarantee how contracts behave. Users who don’t know anything about programming or smart contracts can look at an asset and see what it does: f rom vanilla options to interest rate swaps, just about any sort of financial product can be created and proven in this way, displaying guarantees about collateral, price, and any other characteristic.  Zen Protocol’s native token doesn’t just give voting rights – it also lets users activate their smart contracts, putting them “on to the blockchain”. The team think that this is a natural step for a blockchain aiming at storing valuable assets, tying together an important use of the protocol and the one asset that gets “mined” using real work.  Our  crowdsale  began on the 30th of November: over two thirds of tokens have already been sold.  Here are a few key points about Zen:  Safe.  The Zen Protocol uses a custom language, ZF
DECREASE	   Australia’s Financial Watchdog Will Monitor Bitcoin Exchanges Twitter  AUSTRAC, Australia’s financial intelligence and watchdog, will now monitor bitcoin exchanges following newly passed legislation.  Under  new legislation  passed by the Australian Senate on Thursday, bitcoin exchanges will now be required to register on the ‘Digital Currency Exchange Register’ maintained by the Australian Transactions and Reporting Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC).  The legislation, which prioritizes the regulation of digital currency exchange operators, is a part of a wider reform of the government’s anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing (AML/CTF) laws.  As revealed by industry group  FinTech Australia , the amended rules will mandate bitcoin exchanges to implement measures to identify and mitigate money laundering and terrorism financing risks while following KYC norms to identify their users. Exchanges are also required to report any suspicious transactions, international transactions and fiat cash deposits that exceed AU$10,000.  FinTech Australia chief executive Danielle Szetho revealed the government had collaborated with the country’s fintech sector to develop the newly enforced legislation, stating:  Now it is in place, the legislation will help bring further legitimacy to exchanges operating in Australia, unlocking the benefits of digital currency usage and trading whilst ensuring this is done in an appropriate way.  “This will stamp out fraud and allow innovation to flourish; a bold move that will benefit Australians for years to come,” added Paul McKenzie, operations manager at Victoria-based digital currency exchange ACX.io.  As  reported  in October, the new legislation will also bestow enhanced powers to AUSTRAC’s chief executive, enabling the official to “make rules to expand or narrow the scope of the digital currency definition.”  The bill follows another noteworthy piece of legislation in October when the Australian Parliament passed the bill to  put an end to the double taxation  of transactions involving cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. The amended law now deems bitcoin and digital currencies as the equivalent of a “foreign currency”, under applicable GST treatment.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Headed for $100,000, Says Trader Who Called Q4 Rally Twitter  A Hong Kong trader who successfully forecast the bitcoin price’s dramatic year-end ascent believes that the flagship cryptocurrency’s rally is far from over.  Dave Chapman, managing director of cryptocurrency trading firm Octagon Strategy,  told CNBC ’s  “ Squawk Box ” that many analysts scoffed at him when he predicted the bitcoin price would more than double in the fourth quarter and reach $10,000 before the end of the year.  “I was quoted back in August when bitcoin was trading at around $4,000 that we would have a five figure headline by the end of this year, ” he said.  “I think a lot of people thought I was crazy, a lot of people scoffed at me, but that ’s OK.”  However, despite condescending looks from bitcoin bears, the bitcoin price has met  — and exceeded  — Chapman’s prediction. At the time of writing, bitcoin was trading at $16,615, fresh off a 20 percent rally fueled by the launch of  CBOE’s regulated bitcoin futures  contracts.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The bears chalk this movement up to a speculative frenzy, and Chapman concedes that he is a bit concerned about the market’s current “heat”. However, he denies that bitcoin’s value is derived purely from speculation.  “Bitcoin allows the immediate transfer of value from one individual in the world to any other individual in the world, and it does that without a middle man. That ’s its value, ” he said.  “If you look at bitcoin and its impact on finance, it ’s really not that crazy to think that bitcoin could be an extremely huge disruptor to finance as we know it today. ”  Chapman said that the  launch of bitcoin derivatives  is a sign that cryptocurrency is “growing up,” and he added that he would not be surprised if the bitcoin price reaches $100,000 before the end of 2018.  Nevertheless, he cautioned that becoming too fixated on cryptocurrency prices will cause people to lose sight of the truly revolutionary aspects of the technology.  “The price to me is probably the most uninteresting component about bitcoin. I ’m more excited in the applications and more excited about what this means for people who don ’t have access to financial inclusion, ” Chapman concluded.  “If we focus on the price, we ’re losing track of the big picture. ”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Breaks CBOE as Futures Up 20% Hours After Launch, Trading at $18,210 Twitter  Within three hours after its listing of bitcoin futures, the website and online trading platform of the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) were inaccessible, due to an unexpected spike in demand and volume.  According to Tokyo-based technology journalist Yuji Nakamura, CBOE bitcoin futures processed $401,600 worth of trades within the first 20 minutes.    CBOE bitcoin futures pretty quiet so far. Just tiny little lots traded through the retail brokers I guess. Only $401,600 trading in the first 20 minutes  pic.twitter.com/cmOgBzHUuf  — Yuji Nakamura (@ynakamura56)  December 10, 2017   Only the Beginning, Billions Expected to Flow Into Bitcoin Market  Upon its debut earlier this year, the US Commodities and Futures Trading Commission (CFTC)-approved bitcoin derivatives, futures, and options exchange LedgerX announced that it had settled $1 million throughout its opening week, a period in which the exchange planned to clear minimum volumes to test the system.  A similar situation had occurred with CBOE during the first few hours since its listing of bitcoin futures. A sudden spike in volume and demand from institutional investors and retail traders in the traditional finance industry led the CBOE trading platform to become inaccessible for a brief period.  Over the next few weeks, institutional investors and investment firms with hundreds of billions of dollars in capital are expected to invest in the bitcoin market. Given that large-scale hedge funds are restricted to invest a minimum value of a few hundred million dollars, it is likely that in the short-term, billions of dollars will be invested in bitcoin.  Throughout the past month, several analysts expressed their concerns over the possibility of shorting bitcoin at a larger scale through bitcoin futures and CBOE’s futures exchange. Some analysts claim that excessive shorting of bitcoin could lead the price of the cryptocurrency to plunge.  However, as Zerohedge  reported on December 11,  investors have been paying premiums to invest in bitcoin. Currently, the price of bitcoin futures is up by over 20 percent since open. XBT/F8, the main bitcoin futures contract listed on the CBOE’s trading platform, is being traded at over $18,210, with a premium of $1,960.   Mid to Long-Term Trend  Based on the performance of bitcoin futures on the CBOE exchange over the past 6 hours, it seems evident that the demand for bitcoin from the traditional finance market is increasing at an exponential rate.  As BitMEX business development head Gwen Dwyer and JPMorgan global markets strategist Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou have noted throughout this week, the introduction of bitcoin futures to the global finance market will further solidify bitcoin as a major asset class by increasing its liquidity and stabilizing its market.   “In all, the prospective introduction of bitcoin futures has the potential to elevate cryptocurrencies to an emerging asset class. The value of this new asset class is a function of the breadth of its acceptance as a store of wealth and as a means of payment and simply judging by other stores of wealth such as gold, cryptocurrencies have the potential to grow further from here,”  said Panigirtzoglou.  On December 18, another major options exchange CME Group, the second largest exchange in the global market behind CBOE, is scheduled to list bitcoin futures. Several hedge funds including the $95 billion Man Group have already announced that they plan to commit to bitcoin investment upon CME ’s launch of its bitcoin futures exchange in the next few weeks.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Goldbug Ron Paul ‘Surprised’ His Followers Prefer Bitcoin to Gold Twitter  Former Republican Congressman and gold standard advocate Ron Paul said that he was “surprised” to learn that more than half of his Twitter followers would rather invest in bitcoin than gold.  Ron Paul  ‘Surprised ’ His Followers Prefer Bitcoin to Gold  As CCN  reported , the libertarian-leaning  Ron Paul  conducted an informal poll that asked respondents where they would invest a $10,000 gift that came with one string attached  — you cannot touch the investment for 10 years. Voters were given four options to choose from: U.S. dollars, gold, bitcoin, or a U.S. Treasury bond.   A wealthy person wants to gift you $10,000. You get to choose in which form you 'll take the gift. But there 's a catch: You must keep the gift in the form that you choose, and you can 't touch it for 10 years.  In which form would you take the gift?  — Ron Paul (@RonPaul)  December 5, 2017   More than half of the 70,513 respondents chose bitcoin, while 36 percent signaled that they prefer the long-term stability of gold. Only 10 percent of voters responded that they would prefer to hold the investment in cash or government bonds.  Paul, who is currently chief ambassador for precious metals IRA provider Goldco, told  Kitco News  that he was somewhat surprised by the results of the poll, but he was reassured that they would not entrust their investment to a government-linked financial instrument.  “It was a reflection of what happened today,” Paul said, alluding to bitcoin’s cinematic ascent. “Of course, bitcoin is very exciting, and it’s booming, but [bitcoin investors] don’t have a long-term perspective. What’s it going to be like in 10 years? Nobody knows. But we have a pretty good idea of where gold will be, in a general sense. ”  Of course, this is not a scientific poll. For one thing, the fact that Paul framed the investment as a gift  — not money the investor had personally earned  — could have made respondents more willing to make a bet on a riskier asset.  Moreover, the poll was posted on Twitter, whose users tend to skew younger  —  just like cryptocurrency investors . Goldbugs, on the other hand, tend to be of an older generation that uses social media at a lower rate. Moreover,  Consequently, it may not be an accurate reflection of the current investment landscape but rather where it could head in coming decades.  Ron Paul Not Joining the Bitcoin Bandwagon  But although the apparent demand for bitcoin among his followers caught Paul a bit off guard, there was one aspect of the poll that did not surprise him.  “I wasn’t surprised that only two percent would store away Federal Reserve notes, that was good,” reflected Paul, who has authored a book titled  End the Fed . He took this result as evidence that investors are frustrated with inflationary monetary policy that devalues currency over time.  Nevertheless, Paul said that although he finds cryptocurrency fascinating as an experiment in competing currencies, he will not be joining the bitcoin bandwagon.  “I have not been tempted at all, ” he said.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Russia’s Biggest Bank Pilots Money Transfer on an IBM Blockchain Twitter  Sberbank has piloted the Russian banking industry’s first ever payment transaction over a blockchain.  Sberbank, Russia’s biggest bank by assets, has executed a real-time money transfer over an IBM-built blockchain based on the Hyperledger Fabric – a blockchain software. The transaction involved a money transfer of an unknown sum between a payer and a receiver in two separate banks, facilitated by Sberbank’s IT systems complete with a web application for the bank’s client to tra ck the transfer.  As  reported  by CCN in July, the Linux Foundation-led open-source Hyperledger blockchain consortium formally released its first production-ready blockchain software in the Hyperledger Fabric 1.0.  “The blockchain solution created by Sberbank has allowed us to make the first pilot payment transaction – using IBM Blockchain technology – in the history of the Russian banking industry,” Sberbank’s managing director Stella Kudachkina said.  Sberbank also listed a number of participating partners involved in the pilot payment transaction, hinting at a future of blockchain payments for retail banking customers. They include MegaFon, Russia’s second-largest mobile phone operator; MegaLabs, a Moscow-based IT solutions provider; Alfa-Bank, a major Russian private bank and; technology giant IBM.  Notably, Sberbank and Alfa-Bank hosted the blockchain’s nodes with the ultimate aim to “serve as the primary scenario for developing a new settlement function” between the two banks.  The Sberbank executive added:  The advantage of using this technology when performing settlements is the high speed at which transfers are made: after the money is sent the transaction is recorded on the receiver’s account almost instantly, in real time, unlike the traditional system that is used to make transfers.  Sberbank’s announcement comes within months of the bank  joining  the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA), a consortium of companies, startups and governments working to leverage open-source Ethereum blockchain technology for enterprise solutions.  Earlier this year, the bank’s chief executive Herman Gref –  notably a bitcoiner  – claimed that Russia will see  commercial applications  of blockchain technology by 2019.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Surges 20% Overnight as Volume of CBOE Futures Skyrockets Twitter  The bitcoin price has surged by more than 20 percent overnight, triggered by the launch of the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) bitcoin futures trading platform.   According to cryptocurrency market data provider CryptoCompare, the bitcoin price increased from $13,400 to $16,315 within the past 24 hours.  Major Factor: Bitcoin Futures  Contrary to the claims of several analysts, the listing of bitcoin futures by CBOE, the global finance market’s largest options exchange, has been a driving factor behind the recent bitcoin price suge. Many investors in the market expect the price of bitcoin to increase further in the upcoming months, as tens of billions of dollars in institutional money flow into the bitcoin market.  In an interview with Business Insider , leading cryptocurrency exchange BitMEX business development head Greg Dwyer stated that the price of bitcoin could surpass $50,000 by the end of 2018, as with billions in institutional money, the market valuation of bitcoin will likely reach a trillion dollars in the mid-term.  “Now, looking at the current market cap of bitcoin as going to $300 billion, with more institutional money coming in we could see market caps go up to $500 billion, which could — or even $1 trillion — which could increase the price of bitcoin from now $15,000 up to $20,000, $25,000, or even $50,000,” said Dwyer.  Dwyer also emphasized that the listing of bitcoin futures by the world’s largest and most liquid exchanges such as CBOE, CME, and Nasdaq by the first quarter of 2018 will further stabilize the bitcoin market, allowing it to evolve into a major asset class.  In the long-term, if bitcoin can sustain its current growth rate, the cryptocurrency will compete against existing assets such as gold and penetrate into a multi-trillion dollar industry in offshore banking market, given the endorsement of bitcoin by the traditional finance industry and investors within it through bitcoin futures.  Sharing a similar sentiment as JPMorgan global markets strategist Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou, Dwyer added:  “This is a big endorsement for the digital currency trading space. We could see more flows come into it and also, not only that, but futures help dampen and reduce the volatility of the price. So, this could help stabilize bitcoin as an asset class. And basically increase the utility function of it as a source of economic — as a method of economic transactions.”  What Happens Next?  The entrance of large-scale institutional investors, retail traders, and hedge funds into the bitcoin market will trigger a domino effect across all major exchanges in leading bitcoin markets. The demand for bitcoin within markets such as the US, Japan, and South Korea will increase at a rapid rate, as institutions in the traditional finance sector rush to invest in bitcoin and provide services around the cryptocurrency.  Already, CBOE has started to demonstrate struggles in facilitating the rapid increase in demand for bitcoin from the traditional finance industry. Earlier today, CBOE’s website and its online trading platform were not accessible for several hours, merely within three hours after its listing of bitcoin futures.  In the short-term, the price of bitcoin will likely surge towards $20,000, as noted by Dwyer and prominent investors like Max Keiser and Mike Novogratz.  Featured image from Shuttersttock.  
DECREASE	   Impressive Recovery Seen in Crypto Markets Twitter             After a roller coaster of a weekend, in which many cryptocurrencies registered significant losses, the crypto market made a near-full recovery, with many currencies registering double digit gains. Overall, the crypto market is continuing its bull run, crossing the $400 billion mark, with the total market cap for all cryptocurrencies reaching above $440 billion.    CBOE Bitcoin futures hit markets today  BTC prices took a nosedive over the weekend, falling from a record high of more than $16,800 to as low as below $13,000. However, Bitcoin recovered since, climbing back more than 20% and trading above $16,000 this morning. The recent price surge could be attributed in part to the Bitcoin futures market, as CBOE starts offering its futures contracts today.  Highly volatile investment product. Your capital is at risk. This is not investment Advice.  Litecoin sees price surge  All of the top 20 cryptocurrencies registered gains in the past 24 hours, and several posted double-digit gains. Bitcoin, Bitcoin Gold and NEM all climbed above 20% and Litecoin showed gains of more than 16%, closing in on its all-time high of $162. Ethereum Classic also climbed more than 10%.  This article was first posted on  Etoro.com/blog : Our Premium Trading Partner.      
DECREASE	   Nokia Pilot Uses Blockchain to Improve Health Data Benefits Twitter  While technology has improved access to  health  data, the data is often not leveraged to its full potential due to privacy concerns and concerns about data authenticity.  Nokia  has partnered with OP Financial Group, a  Finland -based financial services group, to use blockchain technology to establish more trust in managing health data. According to a  Nokia blog , the purpose of the pilot project, which involves 100 people, is to provide individuals more control over their personal health data.  Blockchain Benefits  Blockchain technology can give people control over who they share their health data with. The blockchain ledger is maintained by parties that can have competing interests, which differs from centralized services such as Google, Facebook and Dropbox.  Under the pilot project, any data a user wishes to share is encrypted and can only be accessed by its intended participants. The owner of the data uses the Nokia Steel HR to share their data and provide proof of the data’s authenticity.  Users share their data from wearable Nokia devices and are rewarded for doing so. Participants’ daily activities are shared through the app, creating a private record on the blockchain. OP automatically rewards users with points based on what steps they have taken with respect to their fitness goals.  Also read:  This blockchain platform aims to end healthcare data breaches  New Possibilities  The pilot project will shed light on possibilities for incentive models like smart health insurance and in supporting programs that promote healthy lifestyles.  The project organizers believe it will only be possible to provide trustworthy advice on health issues and extract useful insights by establishing users’ trust. Nokia’s blockchain platform has been designed to address these issues. Nokia believes its collaboration with OP marks a step in creating a global digital health ecosystem that will benefit both individuals and society.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Litecoin Price Leaps 30% to New All-Time High Twitter  Litecoin price leaped by nearly a third on Monday, raising the sixth-largest cryptocurrency to a new all-time high.  Litecoin Price Touches $185  For most of December, the litecoin price had traded between $90 and $100, but on Friday it exploded to $130 and continued to rise heading into the weekend. On Saturday, litecoin topped $160 for the first time, but Sunday brought a minor halt to the rally, and the litecoin price slid below $125.  However, bolstered by  bullish sentiment among futures traders , the cryptocurrency markets posted a  comprehensive advance  on Monday, and litecoin has been among the day ’s top performers. On Bitfinex, the litecoin price touched $185 for the first time, representing a single-day rally of more than 30 percent.  Source: BitcoinWisdom  More than one-third of litecoin ’s trading volume is concentrated in USD and USDT trading pairs, while LTC/KRW accounts for another 12 percent.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Factors Behind the Rally  Although litecoin has been trending up for some time now, several distinct factors have contributed to its present rally. First, litecoin has benefited disproportionately from Coinbase ’s  rapidly-swelling userbase . Unlike bitcoin and ethereum  — the other two cryptocurrencies that Coinbase currently supports  — litecoin has little name recognition outside of the industry. Anecdotally, it appears that many new Coinbase users are purchasing a small amount of litecoin since it is available on the brokerage platform  — and so much cheaper than bitcoin and ethereum.  Second, Litecoin creator Charlie Lee has been invited on  several prominent new programs  to discuss bitcoin futures and other developments within the cryptocurrency industry, and he has used these opportunities to pitch litecoin as a solution for everyday payments that complements bitcoin ’s utility as a store of value.  Finally, investors believe that two recent announcements serve as confirmation of Lee ’s thesis. First, gaming giant Steam stated that it will  no longer accept bitcoin payments , citing rising transaction fees that currently make bitcoin impractical to use for small purchases. Conversely, Bitrefill  —  a top-up service for prepaid mobile phones   — announced that it will  accept litecoin , and LTC advocates believe that many other companies will follow suit in the near future.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Chimaera Presents the Future of Gaming with Decentralized Autonomous Universes Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Interactive gaming has evolved rapidly over the years. What was once a one or two player is now a global movement. The number of gamers stands at 2.5 billion worldwide with the market value estimated at over $109 billion with China accounting for about a quarter of the total revenue. Experts anticipate the global market to grow to $128.5 billion by 2020.  The gaming industry is no longer a preserve for children. The fun and mental agility associated with gaming is attracting older gamers. According to a report from the  Entertainment Software Association,  72% of US gamers are aged 18 or older. In 2016, the  video game market  in the United States was valued at $17.68 billion USD. That same year  U.S. consumers  spent roughly double the amount on gaming hardware and accessories.  There is still an untapped market in the gaming industry, especially in online gaming. Other than a highly fragmented market, the  leading challenge  developers face is visibility. Furthermore, consumers and developers have a lot more options. Developers and companies alike are tasked with coming up with new ways to position themselves in the global competition.    Revolutionary Gaming Platform  Any seasoned developer understands how costly development is. Chimaera is set to provide developers with tools to create and launch games at a lower cost.  Significant barriers are independently managing game complexity, infrastructure costs, and publishing and account administration. This often makes it impossible for independent developers to bring their concepts to the marke t.   The Chimaera platform is open source. Video games running on it are powered by CHI tokens on its blockchain. It will have an API so that games written in any language can connect to it, giving designers the opportunity to design games in their language of choice. The goal is to foster creativity and bring concepts to life without worrying about infrastructure.  Chimaera is a continuation of blockchain gaming from the creators of Huntercoin, who first introduced the concept in 2013. The team has a wide spectrum of industry experts, creating a powerhouse needed to build a full-fledged game development ecosystem.  Chimaera’s main purpose is to become the leading all-in-one gaming platform for both developers and gamers. Chimaera, with roots in Namecoin, the first altcoin, incorporates Game Channels to add-in near limitless scalability that can accommodate countless games and players. Chimaera is set to provide unprecedented flexibility and convenience for game developers.  The Chimaera blockchain ensures that all participants in a decentralized game reach consensus on the current game state. Further, games remain fair and decentralized without burdening the shared blockchain with unnecessary data. More so, it provides a platform for uninterrupted gameplay through “Decentralized Autonomous Universes” or “DAUs.”  Chimaera offers an off-chain technology that let gamers only process and store states for games they are participating in. This is unlike Ethereum in which every full node fully processes and stores the state for every contract.  The platform is compatible with popular game engines like Unity and Unreal Engine. The SDK and API make it easier for developers to create blockchain games that can utilize Chimaera ’s infrastructure across various genres. Chimaera is dedicated to creative autonomy, decentralized autonomous MMO games, turn-based games, real-time strategy games, casual, gambling, and more.  The Huntercoin experiment reaffirmed how a provably fair blockchain game could create real-world value. Fundamentally altering how we look at video games, gamers can earn from playing games. Chimaera acts a technological launching pad that gives players real item ownership and a sense of exclusivity within game worlds. Using the platform, gamers can trade in-game assets safely  and securely.  All trading transactions are safe through Atomic Transactions. Atomic transactions facilitate transferring an asset and corresponding payment between two parties in a single, or atomic, transaction. Both parties must sign the transaction or it becomes invalidated after a pre-determined time-out period. This guarantees zero fraud when trading.    ICO  The innovative veteran gaming developers have set up a crowd sale to finance the project and encourage community participation. Those interested in getting involved can take place in either the pre-sale or public sale set to take place soon. A private sale is ongoing, so people and organizations can purchase the ecosystem’s reserve currency (CHI) through the company’s official  website . Token holders will receive one CHI per token they own.  Visit our website today:  www.chimaera.io  
DECREASE	   Two Firms File Bitcoin ETF Applications in Wake of CBOE Futures Launch Twitter  Two exchange-traded fund (ETF) providers have filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to create Bitcoin ETF products that trade in cryptocurrency derivatives.  Two Firms File Bitcoin ETF Applications  According to the SEC public filing system, the commission has received new applications for both  REX Bitcoin Strategy ETF and REX Short Bitcoin Strategy ETF , as well as  VanEck Vectors Bitcoin Strategy ETF .  The Connecticut-based REX filed its application on December 8  — two days before the first bitcoin futures contracts launched on CBOE  — while the New York-based VanEck filed on December 11.  Neither firm intends to hold bitcoins directly; rather, the actively-managed funds will trade futures contracts and other derivatives products to enable investors to profit from the price movements of the flagship cryptocurrency.   A myriad of fund providers have filed to create Bitcoin ETFs, but thus far, the SEC has either  denied or refused to review  the applications. In the former case, the SEC denied applications that sought to trade bitcoin directly, citing the unregulated nature of bitcoin exchanges. In the latter case, the SEC stated that the commission could not review an application for a fund that would invest in non-existent products, namely, bitcoin derivatives.   However, now that  CBOE has officially listed bitcoin futures  and  LedgerX  has launched other derivatives products, many analysts expect that the SEC will begin approving ETFs that trade these products. Consequently, the futures launch is expected to trigger a flurry of new Bitcoin ETF filings.  All Eyes Turn to SEC  The creation of the first Bitcoin ETF would be a historic moment for mainstream cryptocurrency adoption, as it would make bitcoin-linked investment products more easily accessible to retail investors who desire to invest in bitcoin through their brokerage and retirement accounts. It would also likely add more fuel to the bitcoin price ’s record rampage as it heads into 2018.  However, it is not clear to what extent  — if any  — the market has already priced an ETF into the general upswing surrounding the futures launch. Consequently, it is possible that an SEC rejection could move the markets into bearish territory.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Will be Legal, Mining to See Regulation: Russia’s Deputy Finance Minister Twitter  Russia’s deputy finance minister Alexei Moiseev has reportedly stressed that buying bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies will be legal in the country.  The Russian government will not outlaw nor punish buying or selling cryptocurrencies, Moiseev revealed according to  RT . However, the official underlined a stricter stance toward mining, suggesting a mandatory registration of cryptocurrency miners who would be limited to ‘legal entities and individual entrepreneurs.’ For others, cryptocurrency mining could be criminalized.  The official reportedly stated:  The penalties will be different, mostly administrative, but if someone created the cryptocurrency for the purpose of settlements, then there will be a criminal punishment.  Operators who mine cryptocurrencies for the creation of a financial pyramid or for the purposes of avoiding tax will also see criminal penalties, Moiseev added.  Notably, Moiseev has stressed that the buying and selling of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies would be legal in Russia. While there are no rules or laws toward bitcoin trading or mining in Russia presently,  a mandate  from Russian president Vladimir Putin has pushed for the development of a regulatory framework for initial coin offerings (ICOs) and cryptocurrency mining in Russia. In a mid-October meeting between Putin and major Russian financial regulators, the Russian leader reportedly signed off on officially regulating both the mining and supply of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin.  “[W]e agreed that the state should control the process of cryptocurrency emission and its circulation. The state should take control over it,” Russian finance minister Anton Siluanov said at the time. “I won’t speak about specific parameters now but in general we agreed that the state should take a lead in this process and to regulate it on the legislative level.”  Regulators are also drawing plans to impose limits on cryptocurrency purchases. An early draft bill calls for a maximum limit of 100,00 rubles (approx. $1,750) per individual. A ceiling of 600,000 rubles ($10,370) is also under consideration.  Further, Siluanov confirmed that the bill to regulate cryptocurrencies in Russia “will be ready” before the end of 2018.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price, Crypto Markets Trade Up After Cboe Futures Launch Twitter  The bitcoin price climbed nearly 20 percent in the hours following the launch of the bitcoin futures on U.S. derivatives exchange Cboe. The positive movement rippled throughout the markets, enabling the combined value of all cryptocurrencies to post a 13 percent increase.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Already on an incline, the cryptocurrency market cap had entered the day at $390.7 billion. It continued to rise throughout the day and eventually leveled out at $442.8 billion, placing the cryptocurrency ecosystem within striking distance of surpassing the total valuation of multinational holding company Berkshire Hathaway, which is currently worth $484 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Nears $17,000 as Futures Trade Up  Regulated bitcoin futures contracts made their  much-anticipated debut  on Sunday, and  — perhaps to the surprise of many analysts  — traded up. January futures rose more than $2,000 to $17,500, while March futures traded as high as $19,330.  Source: Cboe  Perhaps buoyed by this bullish outlook, the bitcoin price rose approximately 19 percent for the day, from $14,159 on Sunday to $16,738 on Monday. At present, bitcoin has a market cap of $280.1 billion.  Bitcoin Price | Source: CoinMarketCap  While it remains unclear what trajectory bitcoin futures will take over the next month as CME launches contracts on its platform and more traders enter the market, most analysts believe that regulated bitcoin derivatives will have a  positive effect  on the cryptocurrency over the long-term.  Ethereum Price Recovers Past $460  Ethereum could not replicate bitcoin ’s exuberant movement, but it did manage to recover past $460. For the day, the ethereum price climbed four percent, bringing it to a present value of $464. Ethereum now has a market cap of $44.7 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  If bitcoin futures prove to be an attractive investment vehicle, it is likely that exchanges will launch ethereum derivatives within the near future, a scenario that would prove bullish for the ethereum price.  Altcoins Rise Against the Dollar  Buttressed by bitcoin ’s surge, nearly every top 100 altcoin rose against the value of the dollar, enabling the altcoin market cap to grow to roughly $163 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The bitcoin cash price rose seven percent, bringing its value to $1,394. The IOTA price rose two percent, enabling it to hold above ripple in the market cap rankings. Ripple, meanwhile, added five percent, although this increase was not enough to hoist its market cap above $10 billion.  Next to bitcoin, the litecoin price posted the most impressive single-day performance among top 10 coins. The litecoin price exploded by nearly 18 percent, bringing it to a present value of $161. In the past week, the litecoin price has climbed nearly 67 percent, and its market cap is rapidly approaching $9 billion.  Litecoin Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Seventh-ranked dash rose five percent to $713, while bitcoin gold ’s 16 percent recovery put a halt to its prolonged slide. Monero added 10 percent, empowering its market cap to crack the $4 billion mark, and NEM rounded out the top 10 with a 15 percent increase to $0.427.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   This New Group Wants to Jumpstart Kazakhstan’s Blockchain Sector Twitter  A collection of companies in Kazakhstan has submitted an application to be legally recognized as the state ’s Blockchain and Cryptocurrency Association. The group is hoping to get the cryptocurrency ball rolling in a country that hasn’t quite embraced the increasingly popular technology yet.  Kazakhstani Companies Eager to Embrace Blockchain  “There are no companies operating in the blockchain market in Kazakhstan, but there are more companies that see the promise of technology for themselves,” Yesset Butin, co-founder and council chairperson of the newly-created group,  told  a local media outlet.  According to Butin, the association’s primary objective is to “prescribe the rules of the game in the blockchain market” in the Central Asian country – in collaboration with state banking authorities. The group is aiming to help craft a legislative framework that would enable the region to adopt blockchain technology.  It appears as though business owners in Kazakhstan are eager to join the endeavor. Midway through November, the association applied to be registered as a legally-recognized entity. At that point, the group already had six founding member organizations. Since then, 15 more have asked to become members.  Following in Lockstep  Kazakhstan isn’t the first to make such a move. News of the association’s founding arrived on the heels of Belarus announcing a group association looming on the horizon. Meanwhile, the Russian Association of Blockchain and Cryptocurrency (RACIB) has already been up and running for a few months. The first ICO that complies with the new legal framework in Russia, BioCoin, went li ve on November 1st.  Butin says that it is essential to take similar steps as Russia to make things in Kazakhstan work – building up the necessary legal framework and infrastructure to support blockchain technology. As for the market potential, he claims that the industry is simply too young to start making estimates.  Apart from working with state financial regulators, the Blockchain and Cryptourrency Association also intends on collaborating with universities to introduce blockchain educational course offerings.  Finally, Butin added that a government-supported cryptocurrency issued by the National Bank would bolster the construction of a legal platform for exchanging digital coins. The “cryptotenge,” named after the Kazakhstani fiat currency, is already on the road to becoming a reality.  Last month , the government-backed Astana International Finance Center (AIFC) announced that it was teaming up with a Maltese firm called Exante to start developing the country’s very own digital token. The AIFC’s primary goal is to position the region as a global cryptocurrency hub.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Turning Digital Gaming Goods into Liquid Assets with Gameflip Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  It may come as a surprise to many of those who are not in the   gaming sector , but there is a huge marketplace for digital goods that are sourced and created within games. These goods are almost worth their weight in gold; except they’re not. Since they’re locked within specific games, they lose all value once a gamer stops playing.  Platforms like the Steam marketplace and Reddit forums have tried to address this challenge, but were only as successful as the unsecured and platform-specific transactions allowed. Enter   Gameflip , the thriving online   marketplace  that’s taking the buying and selling of digital goods to the blockchain.  To take this on,   Gameflip  created FLIP, its Ethereum blockchain-based crypto token for buying and selling digital goods. Through smart contract-enabled transparency and security, the platform is securing and streamlining the process of selling goods, like guns, knifes and skins, and turning them into liquid assets. As they build out their network, they’ve become the first marketplace to focus on creati ng a win-win scenario for gamers and game publishers alike. A win for both? How is that possible?  Flexibility in flipping digital goods  Despite the preconceived idea of gaming as a solo endeavor, it’s actually become a very social affair where people meet online to share an experience. But it has also evolved to a point where these same people want to have the flexibility to buy and sell their hard-earned goods.  Gaming is becoming a revenue-producing activity, and as such, is being taken quite seriously by gamers everywhere. But, as it stands, trying to flip your items in the traditional sense has many issues.  While the sale of direct-from-publisher digital goods generates healthy revenue of $94.4 billion, there’s a $1 trillion opportunity in enabling a liquid market for  gamer-earned digital goods . In a centralized network where publishers are the gatekeepers to the majority of revenue, direct-from-publisher revenue streams are optimized, while peer-to-peer marketplaces remain weak and limited.  This is the niche that Gameflip is looking to fill. By moving its trusted marketplace to the blockchain and enabling a secure peer-to-peer marketplace where gamers can liquidize their goods, gamers will be incentivized to purchase more digital goods, which will increase publisher revenue.  Publisher incentivization for greater revenue  Publishers have been traditionally overlooked in the digital goods equation. As the gatekeepers, they control where their goods can be used, and whether or not they can be transferred. As such, it has been more profitable for them to keep goods locked in a game so that gamers have to continually purchase new goods. But Gameflip is incentivizing publishers to put their goods on  the blockchain and get commission for every transaction of those goods. This winning move is making the transaction of digital goods profitable for everyone involved—and enabling uncapped revenue potential and a free-flowing marketplace.  Burgeoning technology for a burgeoning market  Like many things in the new age of blockchain, the technology is taking aim at different sectors that are in   need of disruption . From the banking sector and investments being hit hard by Bitcoin to Ripple integration in banking system and Ethereum cutting out the middleman with smart contracts, blockchain is evolving markets.  The gaming market and its digital assets are growing. However, the marketplace itself has lagged behind the demand for a more flexible infrastructure. Now,   Gameflip  is changing all that, and giving hope that the Blockchain will open up even more opportunities for gamers in  the future.  
DECREASE	   Blockchain Company Rides on Telecom Backbone to Disrupt the Remittance Industry Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Money as a vehicle for value transfer is a phenomenon that has only been outlived by time itself. Starting from its most primitive form in ages past, passing through several evolution stages until present day electronic money services, the money market, especially in aspects of remittance has continually experienced one form of disruption or the other.  Technological advancement which has necessitated the institution of cross-border payments and transactions is a fundamental need that has given rise to remittances.  Existing complexities in remittance  In its current state, the remittance industry is complex, full of intermediaries, with huge margins and complicated settlement problems. One of the most prominent vehicles for money transfer worldwide is Western Union. It is a system that enables moneys sent to be received within minutes. However, due to the several intermediaries and associated charges, the so called efficient  mode of remittance is plagued with a high cost of service delivery. For instance, it could cost up to $76 to send $900 through Western Union. This same setback confronts other similar conventional remittance services that currently exists within the financial ecosystem.  The blockchain solution  The emergence of  blockchain technology  has given rise to an array of acclaimed more effective and efficient remittance options that deliver faster, cheaper and secure means for mostly peer-to-peer money transfers.  This began with the first ever  cryptocurrency , Bitcoin as transfers were instant and almost at to cost, until it encountered the blocksize and scalability issues. Several other blockchain products have been created since Bitcoin, a good number of them like Litecoin and Dash as forks of the original Bitcoin protocol, while the Ethereum blockchain has on its own provided a platform for several other blockchains to be build  on top of it with their various specific solutions.  Despite these developments, one major obstacle that has confronted the entire industry is the limitation of spread and adoption. This is mainly due to the perceived complications, or the non-easy entry processes for newbies who may know absolutely nothing about the blockchain industry.  Access through familiar territory  Introducing a seamless system that rides on the platform of an existing and familiar technology that has become an intrinsic part of global development is an innovation that  Telcoin  brings as a major disruption to the remittance industry. Making remittance as easy as receiving an SMS through mobile technology is as easy as it gets in a market that will have the capacity of reaching over 5 Billion population of the world. This number covers about 5 times the population of bank account owners globally  – 1.2 Billion.  Telcoin  services are designed to function upon the existing backbone of national telecom systems. Therefore, the partnership between both parties would make for an effective service delivery unto an already existing marketplace. The need for special technical knowledge, trust and KYC compliance will hence become unnecessary, while reach and practical adoption is as good as already exi sts with mobile technology.  
DECREASE	   Decentralized Gaming Platform CryCash Announces Partnership with Developers of FarCry Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Decentralized gaming platforms and cryptocurrency exclusive to the gaming industry are all the rage these days. We are seeing a number of coins being launched in the market with a partnership between the big names in the gaming ecosystem including game developers, online platform developers, etc in order to showcase their strong credentials. While the competition is extremely t ough in the race for the perfect decentralized gaming platform, it is imperative that such a development takes place for the future vision of the gaming business.  We all loved  FarCry  and  FarCry 2.  Both were revolutionary games of the FPS genre that laid the future foundations of the whole gaming industry. Now a groundbreaking new decentralized gaming platform named  CryCash  has agreed a partnership with the developers of  FarCry  and  Crisis  franchises  Crytek  (no relationship between the two).   The platform will undergo a Token Generation Event (TGE) from December 12 onwards. It offers a whole ecosystem of gaming experiences with a custom-tailored set of services. Gamers can make money from their game time and developers can use the platform to attract even bigger audiences towards their platforms. The  CryCash  token is the native token of the CryCash platform which will be an advertising service to attract new players for its up and coming products. But where does  Crytek  come into the picture?  Crytek, the video game developer has agreed to let users pay with the new  CryCash  token on its online games, where applicable. Since Crytek is a widely used service, it is expected to increase demand for the new CryCash tokens.   According to the  CEO of CryCash Wachtang Budagaschwili:  “The gaming industry lacks effective tools for players to monetize their game time, collaborate and communicate. On the other side, game developers are also challenged by high customer acquisition costs and comparatively long time to market. CRYCASH solves these problems by introducing revolutionary custom-tailored products for players and developers. We’re proud to start our t oken sale having Crytek as our first partner which will allow us to immediately bring CRYCASH to millions of players”.  CryCash  is essentially divided into two parts; a mobile application for the specific purpose of communication between players and collaboration and a crypto wallet in addition to the application. This wallet will be used to store newly earned  CryCash  tokens that are earned by completing various tasks on these games online. It is also a marketplace for trading virtual items related to gaming.   In addition to these two basic programs, there are two additional services offered; one is a Cyber Sports platform where you can place bets on eSports events and an advertising board for game developers who are looking to introduce new games in the market effectively by speaking directly to the gaming community.   CryCash Token Generation Event  The token sale of the new  CryCash  token (CRC) will start from December 12, 2017 and last almost one month till January 15, 2018. Early birds will avail a 15% discount on the new tokens and the discount will decrease by 1% each day till 31st December 2017 at the New Year’s eve. The token exchange rate is set at 0.001 ETH for 1 CRC token. The hard cap is not revealed yet in a mystery move by CryCash. They aim to  unveil it once 70% tokens have been sold. All TGE participants will be given a chance to test the beta of their revolutionary gaming application called Plink. The amount raised from the TGE will be used for further development and marketing of the new platform.   Visit the CRYCASH Website to learn more:  http://crycash.io/  
DECREASE	   NYSE Owner: We Aren ’t Rushing Toward Bitcoin, Yet Twitter  The owner of the world’s largest stock exchange does not believe it is wise to race to be the first U.S. exchange to list bitcoin futures contracts.  Over the past several months, exchange operators have been rushing to bring the first regulated bitcoin futures contracts to market. Chicago-based CME Group appeared to have the early edge, and last week it  announced  it had received approval from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) to list bitcoin futures on December 18.  However, fellow Chicago exchange Cboe stole CME’s thunder, because on Monday it  announced  it had filed a product certification with the CFTC to begin bitcoin futures trading this Sunday. Nasdaq, the world’s second-largest stock exchange, is also  reportedly  planning to launch bitcoin contracts on its futures exchange during the first or second quarter of 2018.  The rush to launch bitcoin-derived products signals that cryptocurrency is well on its way to permeating the mainstream financial industry, but at least one exchange operator is hesitant to list products for this  emerging asset class .  “We may be stupid for not being first on that, Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) Chairman and CEO Jeffrey Sprecher told a financial conference in New York earlier this week, according to a  Reuters report .  ICE owns and operates dozens of exchanges, most notably the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), whose market cap is three times as large as that of the Nasdaq.  But although Sprecher said ICE may be “stupid” for taking a wait-and-see approach to bitcoin futures, he said that it was too risky to be the first to bring such an untested product to market.  “We didn’t think it was obvious to rush out a product and be first and settle against an index on a lot of exchanges that are not particularly transparent,”  Sprecher said, adding that he feared that bitcoin sellers would use the futures as an opportunity to manipulate the market and exit large positions, a scenario that would reflect poorly on exchanges that list bitcoin futur es.  “To short that would mean that they have decided to exit and through a legitimate, high-standing, regulated venue, they are exiting, and I look at that and just say, is that going to work out well for me as a venue?”  Despite these concerns, many people believe that the launch of bitcoin futures will lend bitcoin legitimacy in the eyes of both institutional and retail investors, leading to the creation of the first Bitcoin ETF, as well as other bitcoin investment products wrapped in familiar packages.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Veritas Looks to Adopt Suitable Eco Mining  Twitter   This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  The process of crypto mining requires large amounts of energy.   For example, in the case of bitcoins, a research done by PowerCompare shows that electricity used to mine it in 2017 is much bigger than the annual usage of 159 countries. There is a great concern about what the environmental impact would be from all this electrical usage. Most of this electricity is generated from Carbon dioxide fossil fuels. Large amounts of energy is used due to the computational requirements needed to process the cryptography problems that miners are required to solve in order to be rewarded with a cryptocurrency.  To verify these transactions, the miners need to solve math problems while the difficulty of these problems increases as the number of miners increase. The more complex the cryptography problems become the more computational power need ed to solve them. As more people join the crypto-coin rush, it will get more difficult to mine the coins because more expensive hardware will be required to solve these problems. One is required to either invest largely if you want to continue mining a coin or take your earning to mining an easier crypto coin that is less popular.                  Veritas Mining  Veritas Mining is made up of crypto miners who have come together to do large scale mining which is much more profitable compared to self mining. Veritas has a higher advantage when it comes to crypto mining due to its low electricity and operations cost. The platform has negotiated with the largest green energy producers in the country and will be able to purchase their surplus power at a cost price of about US$ 0.028/kWh to US$ 0.035/kWh.  To solve the problem of this energy-intensive process, Veritas is planning to shift from the use of electricity to a green, sustainable and renewable sources such as wind power, solar power and biogas. This will help to future proof the mining of cryptocurrencies and allow for Proof of Work to be more sustainable. Veritas will be mining Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash, Monero, Ubig, Zcash and other emerging alt coins will be mined with a small portion of its hashing power.  What makes Veritas Mining different is that it seeks for accountability and transparency to our adopters and the potential token holders. The platform’s cost of renewable and eco friendly sources of energy can easily compete the prices with other leading countries in crypto mining. The operations cost are also very much cheaper in terms of human labor. With the increased difficulties in crypto mining, Veritas will be channeling 40% of its net profits into expanding the mines. It will do a lot of extensive research to innovate and develop better proprietary ASIC hardware.   Veritas Mining Token Sale  The Veritas Mining tokens is referred to as Veritium (VRTM).  They are Ethereum ERC20 tokens. For the token sale, a total of 135 million VRTM tokens will be supplied. The price of 1 VRTM = 0.001 ETH. The Pre-sale took place from 28 th  October and had a cap of 5 million tokens. The presale sold 4,697, 826 VRTM, raising an equivalent of $720,000. The crowdsale began on November 24 th  with a minimum sale amount of 0.25 ETH.  For any 100 tokens sold, 18 additional tokens will be created and distributed among the team, partners, advisors and bounties. Any VRTM tokens that will not be sold during the period of the sale will be burnt and no further VRTM tokens will be minted in the future. Token holders will be paid on a quarterly basis for the period in which they hold their tokens  Why be a VRTM Token Holder?  Veritas Mining promises its token holders quarterly dividends in Ethereum for as long as they hold their tokens. They will break even in 6 months after obtaining their tokens. Veritas Mining has arranged an ecosystem with various sources of revenue and also plans for a future integration into more traditional financial fiat markets. The ultimate goal is to make Veritium fungible. This means that they intend to make demand and value for and in their token. Token holders will be able to use the tokens as pledge and collateral if need be. They will also be trade worthy in terms with fiat or cryptocurrency markets.  
DECREASE	   India’s Central Bank Issues Bitcoin Warning [Rinse, Repeat] Twitter  For the second time this year, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued a public caution on cryptocurrencies and, specifically, bitcoin.  With a  public notice  on December 5, India’s central bank has – once again – cautioned adopters (“users, holders and traders”) of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin about “potential economic, financial, operational, legal, customer protection and security related risks” in dealing with VCs (virtual currencies).  The RBI also reiterated its position of not authorizing or licensing “any entity/company to operate such schemes or deal with Bitcoin or any VC”, in a repeat of its  warning from February  this year. India’s central bank issued  its first warning  against bitcoin in December 2013, telling adopters that the “creation, trading and usage” of bitcoin as a medium of payment wasn’t authorized by any central bank or monetary authority, at the time.  Unlike previous alerts, the latest public notice includes a warning about initial coin offerings (ICOs), a popular new form of fundraising where companies raise capital in cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ethereum’s ether in exchange for their digital tokens.  The central bank wrote:  In the wake of significant spurt in the valuation of many VCs and rapid grown in Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs), RBI reiterates the concerns conveyed in the earlier press releases.  The RBI’s latest warning comes at a time when Indian retail investors are rapidly adopting bitcoin,  despite soaring premiums .  While bitcoin isn’t officially recognized by authorities, it isn’t ruled illegal either. The ambiguity  – repeated warnings aside  – has seen India’s Supreme Court call on the central  government to issue clear guidelines  “to regulate the flow of Bitcoin” in the country.  In April, Indian authorities launched the ‘Virtual Currency Committee’, an interdisciplinary working group of representatives from multiple Indian governmental ministries and banks to research and propose a regulatory framework for cryptocurrencies in India. The committee is believed to have  submitted  its report to Indian finance minister Arun Jaitley in August. The contents and subsequent verdict on the regulatory and legal outcome of cryptocurrencies continues to be kept under wraps.  RBI Kolkata image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   51% of Respondents Chooses Bitcoin Over Gold and Fiat: Ron Paul Survey Twitter  The poll of former Texas congressman Ron Paul participated by more than 43,000 social media users has shown that the majority of respondents would rather have bitcoin over gold, US Treasury Bond, and the US dollar.  Poll conducted by former Texas congressman Ron Paul  On December 6, Paul ran a survey on Twitter to evaluate the preference of the market and general consumers on various stores of value. Paul provided four choices –Federal Reserve Notes (USD), Gold, Bitcoin, 10 Year US Treasury Bond –to a question which read:  “A wealthy person wants to gift you $10,000. You get to choose in which form you ’ll take the gift. But there ’s a catch: You must keep the gift in the form that you choose, and you can ’t touch it for 10 years. In which form would you take the gift?”  More than 21,900 respondents chose bitcoin over the US dollar, gold, and US Treasury Bond as a better store of value and safe haven asset.  Is Bitcoin the Most Legitimate and Robust Store of Value?  On October 22, at the Money20/20 conference held in Las Vegas, Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak stated that bitcoin as a stable store of value is better than gold and the US dollar. He emphasized the finite supply of bitcoin capped at 21 million and the decentralized structure of the cryptocurrencies as the two attributes that enable bitcoin to be the best store of value in the global market.  Wozniak also noted that while the US dollar and gold can be printed or mined indefinitely, there exists a supply of bitcoin which provides a maximum amount of bitcoin that can be produced.  “Gold gets mined and mined and mined. Maybe there’s a finite amount of gold in the world, but Bitcoin is even more mathematical and regulated and nobody can change mathematics,”  said  Wozniak, commenting on the transparent and peer-to-peer protocol of bitcoin.  In an interview with Fox Business, major US-based electronics retailer Overstock CEO Patrick Byrne also noted that in the long-term, general consumers will switch from the fiat currency system to real money like bitcoin and gold.  Byrne’s prediction of the shift in trend from fiat currencies to bitcoin and gold was accurately depicted by the poll conducted by former Texas congressman Ron Paul, which demonstrated that 90 percent of the 43,000 respondents would rather have bitcoin and gold over the US dollar and 10 Year US Treasury Bond.   “You think that’s a bubble? What do you think that fiat currency you carry around in your purse is? This dollar stuff, it’s just some fiat currency based on the surplus taxing authority of the U.S. Treasury of which I assert there is zero  … It’s about time the world switches to real money. Either gold or bitcoin,”  said Byrne , noting that fiat currencies have been declining over the past few years.  Public Distances From Banks  General consumers, especially millennials, have started to shift away from the global banking system to fintech applications and cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. As the fraudulent activities and deceptive operations of financial institutions become unravelled in the next few years, the value of decentralized and trustless financial systems will surge rapidly.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Korean Regulator Hints at Reversing ICO Ban  & “Stringent” Bitcoin Regulation Twitter  A senior official from Korea’s Financial Services Commission has vowed to regulate the local bitcoin space while hinting at putting an end to the blanket ICO ban.  FSC vice-chairman Kim Yong-beom has confirmed the financial regulator’s plans to regulate bitcoin and cryptocurrencies, claiming the measures are necessary to “curtail money laundering and tax dodging.”  The official was speaking at a public hearing at the National Assembly today to discuss a bill calling for a legal framework on cryptocurrencies, according to the  Korea Herald .  He revealed the authority is “closely watching” developments in cryptocurrency trading markets before adding FSC, “if needed” would “enforce more stringent measures,” than it already has. The FSC’s Financial Supervisory Service (FSS) followed China’s cue in  enforcing a complete ban  on initial coin offerings toward the end of September this year. The ban could be reversed, the official added -more on this further below.  Notably, he added:  The government doesn’t consider cryptocurrencies as money or financial products. We will regulate bitcoins to curtail money laundering and tax dodging.  He also deemed bitcoin “a bit of a Ponzi scheme”, claiming that investors believe they can resell their bitcoin at a higher price at a later time. The view is shared by Korea’s Justice Minister Park Sang-ki, who is heading a new task force launched by the government this week to propose a framework for cryptocurrency transactions. The ministry has also dismissed cryptocurrencie s by claiming they will not become “the new gold or money in the future”. Instead, the lack of government or institutional backing, the ministry says, has relegated cryptocurrencies to ‘merely become a source of speculation.’  “Due to heated speculation in cryptocurrencies, concerns about their use in crimes has increased that could possibly harm citizens,” Justice Minister Park Sang-ki reportedly said.  “The TF will review regulatory measures on cryptocurrency trade to prevent any possible crimes.”  ICOs – Professional Investors Only?  “ICO will be prohibited in all forms,” Kim Yong-beom said in late September upon  announcing a ban  on ICOs. Now, the official has revealed that the authority could backtrack from a complete ban, if only to allow professional investors take take part whilst keeping retail everyday investors from participating in startups’ and companies’ financing through cryptocurrencies.  Kim Yong-beom said:  Bitcoin is complicated in its technology and investment method. So considering its risk and technology expertise, it is right for professional investors to do an ICO, not regular citizens who are not informed of its technology and complicity.  Korea is in the process of  mandating regulations  for bitcoin exchanges presently, requiring trading platforms to follow a number of consumer protection standards and KYC norms to function in the country.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   $12,000 and Higher! Bitcoin Price Hits New Milestone as Market Turns Optimistic Twitter  Earlier today, on December 6, the bitcoin price achieved a new all-time high at $12,278, within 24 hours since achieving its previous all-time high at $12,000.   Yesterday, on December 5,  CCN reported  that the price of bitcoin surpassed the $12,000 mark ahead of the launch of CBOE’s bitcoin futures launch. The market has been highly optimistic in regards to CBOE and US-based bitcoin exchange Gemini’s listing of bitcoin futures, given that CBOE is the largest options exchange in the world and its listing of bitcoin futures will lead to a spike in liquidity of the cryptocurrency.  Why is Market So Optimistic About Bitcoin Futures?  Yesterday, on December 5,  CCN reported  that the price of bitcoin surpassed the $12,000 mark ahead of the launch of CBOE’s bitcoin futures exchange. The market has been highly optimistic in regards to CBOE and US-based bitcoin exchange Gemini’s listing of bitcoin futures, given that CBOE is the largest options exchange in the world and its listing of bitcoin futures will lead to a spike in liquidity of the cryptocurrency.  As of current, high profile investors, large-scale hedge funds, and institutional investors are restricted to three bitcoin investment instruments: Sweden’s Nordiq Nasdaq-listed bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETN) XBT Provider, Grayscale Investment’s Bitcoin Investment Fund (GBTC), and LedgerX’s US Commodities and Futures Trading Commission (CFTC)-regulated bitcoin options exchange.  The launch of two bitcoin futures exchanges by CBOE and CME by mid-December, two of the largest options exchange in the global finance market, will immediately provide institutional and retail investors with sufficient liquidity and robust infrastructure to invest in bitcoin.  In an official corporate announcement, CBOE Global Markets chairman and CEO Ed Tilly revealed that to promote the usage of and investment in bitcoin, CBOE’s bitcoin futures exchange will initially offer trading for free.  “Given the unprecedented interest in bitcoin, it’s vital we provide clients the trading tools to help them express their views and hedge their exposure. We are committed to encouraging fairness and liquidity in the bitcoin market. To promote this, we will initially offer XBT futures trading for free,” said Tilly.  Impact of Bitcoin Futures on Short and Mid-Term Price Trend of Bitcoin  Several reports over the past week from mainstream media outlets and high profile investors have claimed that the price of bitcoin could be negatively impacted by the launch of bitcoin futures, as it will be significantly easier to short bitcoin as well.  However, if that is the case, the price of bitcoin would not have increased at an exponential rate over the past few weeks, breaching the $12,000 mark.  As many experts including $1.6 billion bitcoin and cryptocurrency brokerage Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong noted, the launch of bitcoin futures and other institutional investor-targeted bitcoin trading platforms will enable over $10 billion in institutional money to flow into the bitcoin market.  If the price of bitcoin declines in the next few days, it will likely be triggered by the rapid increase in the value of bitcoin and the stabilization of the market. Often, as demonstrated by the performance of bitcoin dating back to 2014, the price of bitcoin tends to experience a major correction after achieving a new all-time high, and recover back to its previous all-time high to initiate a new rally.   In the short-term, the price of bitcoin will likely increase, especially upon the December 10 and December 18 bitcoin futures launches by CBOE and CME.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   MasterCard-Backed Revolut Enables Bitcoin for Cross-Border Payments Twitter  A London-based digital payments company is allowing its customers to buy, hold, and exchange bitcoin and other digital currencies through its mobile app.  Revolut, which provides a service to people enabling them to transfer money across borders with no fees, will now be able to access bitcoin, litecoin, and ethereum in a matter of seconds, alongside 25 of the world ’s currencies. They can then hold the digital currencies within the app or transfer it to others with no fees involved.  Speaking at  TechCrunch ’s Disrupt Berlin conference , Nikolay Storonsky, Revolut ’s CEO, announced that customers would be able to access this new service on Thursday, adding that:  Despite being one of the hottest trends in the world right now, getting exposure to cryptocurrency has notoriously been time-consuming and expensive.     This announcement comes at a time when the digital currency market is experiencing a surge in value as it continues to gain mainstream interest. Bitcoin ’s value has shot up in recent months, hitting an  historic high of over $12,000  yesterday, ahead of the bitcoin futures contracts launch. The combined market cap is now valued at $376.3 billion.  It is because of the cryptocurrency ’s continued push to becoming more mainstream that Storonsky is of the opinion that digital currencies will soon become an integral part of the banking process. During the digital payment company ’s week-long crypto beta test, he stated that 10,000 of its customers traded $1 million in digital currency.  He added:  Cryptocurrency exposure has consistently been the number one requested feature from our customers and so we listened and took action.  Last month, Revolut hit the one million user milestone, highlighting the company ’s potential to attracting more customers during the full launch later this week.  For those who use Revolut ’s card to make debit purchases, if they run out of fiat money what they have in cryptocurrency will automatically be calculated to take out what ’s required. Storonsky stated that when the feature opens it will provide competitive rates. Unlike other platforms which charge between five and nine percent on hidden fees, Revolut are, reportedly, only going to charge a flat, up-front 1.5 percent to its customers without any other hidden fees involved.  Revolut, who uses UK-based bank Lloyds to process transactions and issues its customers with a MasterCard debit card, told the  Financial Times , that both organisations were  ‘comfortable ’ with the move.  We wouldn’t be able to do it without their permission.  The digital currency transactions will be conducted via Bitstamp and GDAX, two prominent cryptocurrency exchanges.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   How Blockchain Impacts Fiat Money  – Food for Thought Twitter  The views expressed in the article are solely that of the author and do not represent those of, nor should they be attributed to CCN. The article is penned by  Constantine Kurbatoff Chief Strategy Officer  BANKEX.  Constantine Kurbatoff Chief Strategy Officer BANKEX  This autumn the crypto market cap surpassed 300 bln USD, shaking the whole world and making everyone ponder the future of both cryptocurrencies and fiat money. We are to dive into the coexistence of traditional financial systems and blockchain technologies, explore how a new way of fundraising and exchange of value within a project or a company is reshaping our economies and possibly forcing central banks to review their monetary policies.  In order to achieve that, we must recollect what functions money performs both in economic systems and in our society.    In theory, money should fulfil at least three functions:  First and foremost, we all know that money is a universal metric of cost. It allows, for example, a hairdresser who earns money by cutting people ’s hair to purchase food, go on vacation or buy a house. In ages, people have been exchanging (bartering) goods and services, even though it is very inconvenient when the quantities of purchases are large.  The second function of money is to  preserve value . Imagine for a second that the hairdresser we mentioned earlier has earned a lot of money, he worked hard for it but has no desire to exchange it for anything else right this instance. He wants to put his money away for retirement. In the past, he would have had to purchase gold and other items of value that he could sell later. As the financial system evolved and money was introduced it took on the role of preserving one’s earning. This function of money does not necessarily represent the cost of something, because if you were to deposit it into a bank it would not be available for barter. As you know, there are types of deposits that do not permit us to use our money unless specific rules are followed. A good example of this would be a pension deposit  – money that you have and own but can’t use until a certain point in time.   Now we come to the most understated function of money  –  informative.  This role of money came about relatively recently, just one or two centuries ago. The gist of it is  – prices that are set in one currency (we mostly use USD, but other currencies can be used too) are also money, but money that you cannot use, nor do you own it. Prices are simply information, information about what people are generally ready to pay for a good or a service. This information could be considered money, it is denominated in a currency and it has value, but this type of money is very different from the type that we carry in our wallet. This information is used by vendors, companies and governments in order to plan their activities.  With the arrival of cryptocurrencies, ones like Bitcoin and Ether, the economy has encountered a significant shift. We are going to have to dive into macroeconomic reasoning in order to understand why and how cryptocurrencies are changing our world. Whenever a central bank emits new money it has to analyze and predict how many new businesses and goods will emerge in the economy over the course of the next year. Why does it have to do that? The exchange rate of a currency must remain stable to an extent (high volatility will cause a lot of inconveniences to entrepreneurs, they will have to re-print menus, change price tags, reduce or increase salaries) in order to make it stable the central bank has to predict what the demand for its currency will be. The demand for mone y, in turn, derives from new goods and services that are bought and sold.   Apart from the obvious, amongst these products we have startups and new technologies. Usually this emerging demand arises as follows  – a company that has created some new tech decides what it is going to charge its users for a product they have never used and therefore have no historical pricing knowledge about. Considering the fact that this technology is new, the former consumption traits will remain the same, adding the need for more money. The central bank must acknowledge this demand and issue more money in order to allow people to buy this new piece of tech.  Surely we can say that some things lose their value and become less expensive, but studies have shown that the demand for money grows constantly. But central banks keep inflation exists putting slightly more money into the system than needed and in moderation, it is absolutely normal, even necessary. With the emergence of cryptocurrencies however we are currently witnessing something very different. Companies emit their own currencies that do not fall under the control of central banks. They cannot be foreseen nor can they be predicted, but at the same time they carry out the function of traditional money.   Allow me to expand on that. Imagine that we have created a new network, one where people tell each other jokes and pay for those jokes in an internal currency. In this case a user of such a network, tells a joke to another user and receives a coin from him in return, in time, that same user goes back to listen to someone else ’s joke and sends them that coin. Such a network would facilitate the increase of demand for its tokens, due to the fact that new users would join to listen to the funniest jokes  – the demand for which would grow and drive the price up. An average user would have to either accumulate, lend or purchase tokens in order to hear the funniest jokes.  In the case of traditional fiat currencies the demand generated by this turnover would have to be satisfied by a Central Bank  However, we live in a time when a network like this can be developed with minimal use of fiat money and can later exist fueled by its internal crypto currency- which only comes into contact with fiat money, when a user decides to withdraw or add more funds to their account.   As a result we can see something extraordinary: the economy continues to grow as the number of products and services increases giving users more opportunities and the money that is used to drive the economy is not issued by the central banking system, instead it is issued by the company whose services are being used. A watchful eye will notice that this happened before the existence of blockchain and cryptocurrencies, in the form of customer loyalty cards for example. However, in the case of loyalty programs, points were awarded for purchases in fiat and, thus, would only represent a small fraction of business, a fraction so small it was unable to distort the informative function of money.  What we see today is the complete opposite  – fiat money makes up the small fraction of turnover in some companies. This can lead to two scenarios from the point of view of the central banking system: scenario number one is that since the bank does not control nor sees the turnover of money in the company that is using its own cryptocurrency, the central bank may well conclude that there is no economical growth. On the other hand, it is evident that new opportunities in economies emerge and they are paid for in cryptocurrencies, which no one controls, regulates or guarantees. Part of world economic growth is still hidden from financial authorities and sometimes no one even know it exists.   The number of such companies grows and how this will impact the global economy is not yet clear. What is clear is that central banks will soon be forced to change and adapt their predictions in order to facilitate these changes.  
DECREASE	   Stellar Price Spikes 50% on News of Korean Partnership Twitter  The stellar price soared more than 50 percent on Wednesday in response to news that the blockchain project had formed a partnership with recently-launched Korean cryptocurrency exchange GOPAX.  Earlier today, Stellar announced that it had formed a partnership with GOPAX, an exchange that launched in November under the banner of Streami, one of the Digital Currency Group ’s portfolio companies.   Celebrating with our new  @StellarOrg  partner  @GOPAX_kr  in Seoul, Korea  #blockchain   #fintech   #cryptocurrency   https://t.co/7vDZVmNVKU   pic.twitter.com/5g1w5Fv0pk  — Stellar (@StellarOrg)  December 6, 2017   The announcement was thin on details, but it immediately caused the stellar price to begin rocketing up the charts. The reason for this is that although South Korea has emerged as one of the world ’s largest cryptocurrency markets, many cryptocurrencies  — including stellar  — have yet to penetrate it. Even if the stellar  “partnership ” turned out to be something as relatively mundane as being listed on the GOPAX exchange  — although this appears unlikely given the tweet ’s wording  — that would still provide XLM with its first KRW trading pair, making it available to a host of new investors.  Source: CoinMarketCap  In the past day, the stellar price has risen more than 53 percent, bringing XLM to a present value of $0.16. Stellar had already been a bull run, thanks largely to the October announcement that  IBM had tapped the Stellar platform  for a cross-border blockchain payments solution. Thanks to this quarter-long rally, stellar ’s market cap leaped to $2.9 billion, which is 12th-largest among all cryptocurrencies. Stellar has accumulated more than $360 million in daily trading volume, with nearly all of that concentrated in BTC pairs on Bittrex and Poloniex.  Source: CoinMarketCap  It is likely that more details about the partnership will be revealed on Friday at a  joint meetup  between Stellar and GOPAX, but many investors are looking forward to the weekend with even more anticipation.  On Saturday, Stellar will be holding a joint meetup with Coinone  — the second-largest cryptocurrency exchange in Korea and a top 10 exchange overall. The topic for the meetup is  “ Roadmap to a Stellar Future , ” and bullish investors are already speculating that Coinone will add trading pairs for stellar, further empowering XLM to penetrate the Korean market.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   South Korea Plans to Impose Income Taxes on Bitcoin Adopters Twitter  South Korea’s National Tax Service (NTS) is pressing ahead with a framework to enforce taxes on cryptocurrencies including bitcoin.  Run under the purview of Korea’s Ministry of Strategy and Finance, the National Tax Service is tasked to assess and collect internal taxes in the country. As South Korea emerges among the world’s leading bitcoin and cryptocurrency trading markets, the tax authority is pushing ahead with a plan to impose an income tax and a transfer income tax on cryptocurrencies.  According to a  Business Korea  report, the plan to impose taxes was discussed during yesterday’s 2017 National Tax Administration Forum, an event sponsored by the NTS. Kim Byung-il, professor of economics and taxation at Kangnam University addressed “various taxation issues” including the legal classification of cryptocurrencies to “determine whether or how much to impose taxes like a value-added tax.”  The academic, speaking at the forum co-hosted by Korea’s National Tax Administration Reform Committee and the Korea Institute of Public Finance, called on the government to “thoroughly” examine the legal status of cryptocurrencies and their taxation in other countries, adding:  [T]he government needs to specifically set up a detailed tax standard and introduce the [cryptocurrency] exchange registration system and identification system in order to prevent tax evasion.  The report also cites an NTS official stating that the authority is “considering an improvement in [tax filing] systems”, a move that would make compulsory the submission of cryptocurrency transactions in any business.  The NTS official stated:  The basic principle is to tax the income. It is important to collect detailed history data like who made transactions and how in a bid to impose taxes. To this end, we are considering the improvement in systems.  As  reported  last week, South Korea’s financial regulator is close to issuing final regulatory drafts for bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchanges that would mandate them to function under specific guidelines.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Take That, Jamie! Surging Bitcoin Price Propels Crypto Market Cap Ahead of JPMorgan Twitter  Another day, another $1,000  — that ’s been the story of the bitcoin price over the course of the past week. Once viewed as historic milestones, bitcoin has begun to knock down the thousand-dollar markers in quick succession, rendering them much less exciting than they were even one month ago.  Bitcoin Price Breaks $13,000  According to CoinMarketCap, the global average bitcoin price crossed $13,000 on Wednesday, a feat that the flagship cryptocurrency accomplished less than one day after breaking through $12,000 for the first time.  Bitcoin Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  That constitutes a single-day increase of more than 10 percent, raising bitcoin ’s total valuation to a new all-time high of $220 billion, and ordinarily, it would be sufficient to command headlines in both trade and mainstream financial publications alike.  Cryptocurrencies Worth More Than JPMorgan  Today, however, bitcoin ’s surge accomplished another significant feat: cryptocurrencies are now worth more than investment banking giant  — and frequent bitcoin critic  — JPMorgan Chase.  Source: CoinMarketCap  That ’s right, following today ’s $25 billion upswing, the cryptocurrency market cap is now valued at $378 billion, enabling it to race more than $11 billion ahead of JPMorgan, which is worth close to $367 billion.  Source: Google Finance  ‘Not Going to Talk About [JPMorgan] Anymore ’  This triumph is particularly sweet for long-term bitcoin investors, who have been the subject of derision from JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon for years.  Although many JPMorgan analysts have begun to warm to cryptocurrency  — one strategist recently called them an  “ emerging asset class ”  — Dimon has been steadfast in his dismissal of bitcoin. He has been silent in recent weeks, perhaps due to bitcoin ’s  mammoth ascent , but he is on record lambasting bitcoin as a  “ fraud ” that is  “ worth nothing ” and is only attractive to  “ stupid ” investors.  Now, however, the cryptocurrency ecosystem has put JPMorgan in its rear-view mirror, and Warren Buffet ’s Berkshire Hathaway has appeared on the horizon. Nevertheless, Dimon does deserve the last word.  “Bitcoin is like 2 billion dollars or 3 billion dollars. We [JP Morgan] move 6 trillion, a day. So you’ve got to [put it in perspective], ”  said Dimon in 2015 , unaware of the historic march it would take just two years later.  “I wouldn’t put this high in the category of important things in the world, but I’m not going to talk about bitcoin anymore, ” he  added earlier this year .  Perhaps Jamie is right  — we really should put things in perspective and focus on the important things in the world. Maybe we shouldn ’t talk about JPMorgan anymore.  Featured image from Flickr/ Fortune Live Media .  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Mimicking Trajectory of Silver in 1970s: Legendary Trader Twitter  Legendary trader Mark Fisher sees similarities between the dramatic ascent of the bitcoin price and the trajectory that the silver price took during the 1970s.  Fisher, founder and CEO of futures clearing merchant MBF Clearing, told CNBC ’s  “ Fast Money: Halftime Report ” that he believes bitcoin ’s dramatic year-to-date run-up is the modern-day equivalent of the silver run in the late 1970s following the collapse of the Bretton Woods system.  “Bitcoin was what silver was back in the late  ’70s and  ’80s — for sure, ” he said.  ”  “No rhyme or reason. ”  In January 1970, an ounce of silver was traded at an average of $6.08 Over the course of the decade, the silver price doubled, an understandable phenomenon considering that the U.S. dollar decoupled from the price of gold in 1971. However, in 1979, the price of silver began to explode, and by the end of the year, it had more than quadrupled. In January 1980, silver reached an all-time high of $49.45  — $111.84 in today ’s dollars  — after which it began a prolonged decline that ultimately saw it bottom out at $4.05 in 2001.  Inflation-Adjusted Chart to Show the Price of Silver in Today ’s Dollars | Source: MacroTrends  Bitcoin, meanwhile, has risen approximately 1,500% in the past year, and on Tuesday it  pierced $12,000  for the first time.  Fisher chalks both price movements  — including the implicit assumption that bitcoin will crash just as hard as silver did  — up to the same phenomenon, namely that assets that at least appear to be disconnected from Wall Street capture the imaginations of retail investors.  “The reason people are so attracted to bitcoin is because people want something that ’s actually moved dramatically, that there ’s no Wall Street to it, ” said Fisher.  “The thing that every cab driver is talking about all day long. ”  Of course, bitcoin is about to make its first foray into the Wall Street markets, because  bitcoin futures are set to launch  on derivatives exchange Cboe on Sunday  — and Fisher is excited, even if he is not bullish on the  “current iteration ” of cryptocurrency.  “It ’s going to be great volatility, ” he said.  “And for someone like me, who cares what it is, as long as it moves, right? ”  
DECREASE	   eBitcoin ’s Payment Solution Aiming Mass Adoption via Messengers  & Online Shops Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  eBTC was originally created to combine the best characteristics of both Bitcoin and Ethereum together in a tokenized form. Rather than host an ICO, the developer decided to offer a simple airdrop to community supporters to highlight his revolutionary vision to ensure fair and equal distribution for a truly decentralized digital currency. Right after the successful airdrop, the  opportunists came out of the woodwork with copycat “e” versions of other main altcoins attempting to tarnish eBitcoin’s authenticity and dent its wider cryptocurrency image. Notwithstanding, the eBitcoin Foundation takes all these “e” series tokens as a compliment since it is the original.   Due to personal reasons, the developer, Satoshi21 had to, unfortunately, leave the Foundation.  With  the private keys to the contract that he left and the digital funds to the then newly-formed eBTC Foundation,  the team and community showed their true support for each other and managed to handle many tasks to persevere with great success. They took the revolutionary vision upon themselves and are now even stronger, undaunted, and determined as ever to succeed.  After  strategically rebranding itself as the eBitcoin Foundation and its token now being traded with the eBitcoin ticker symbol ‘eBTC’, the community has  been laying down strong foundations to build upon. Major developments and milestones continue to be achieved including the addition of multiple exchanges (another was just announced), website improvements, ever-increasing community members who continuously support and contribute their time, and new partnerships with very promising technologies that will help increase mass adopt ion and utility usage. They seem to be progressing, developing, and working tirelessly to deliver on every promise they make. There were calls for greater transparency of the core team members. The team answered by revealing core team member information as well as business and technical developments on their website.   They were extremely happy to announce their deal with ProxyCard. The teams seem to jive very well with each other, as was seen during their first AMA with a Livestream on Facebook last week. It’s going to be exciting to see what comes to fruition from their strategic partnership. To start, ProxyCard has a state-of-the-art, ready-to-work Hybrid Wallet which, when integration is  completed (release planned in January 2018), will boast a very user-friendly interface that will allow eBitcoin community holders to easily and securely send, receive, and store their eBTC tokens.   In some forums, rumors have been spread that they are also building a payment plugin to connect with common Messengers such as Facebook,  WhatsApp  & Co. where you’ll be able to buy  & sell eBTC with USD/EUR. If these rumors do turn out to be true, there would be 3 Billion+ people who would be able to easily buy into the Crypto world. Nothing has been confirmed and eBitcoin has only commented, “Well, with strong partners like ProxyCard who has a seamless wallet and technology, as well as  ChatnFly.com , a spanish company partially funded by the spanish government, one of our already existing merchants and a specialist for AI and Bots for messengers, plus the knowledge of our team itself, everything is possible ”.   So who knows, but they just announced another partnership/listing with a merchant that has a plug-in for common online shopping systems, like WOO Commerce and Shopify, as well as a Point-of-Sale solution. All signs show green and they seem to really be accelerating their developments and outreach.    eBTC will stand the test of time as all “e” series copycat tokens have come and are gone.   With global team members who can work 24/7 and have over 200 combined years’ worth of experience in all kinds of businesses, the Foundation is steadfastly progressing forward with rapid development on a game-changing decentralized digital currency and blockchain ecosystem. They combine fundamentals from the old economy with the best assets from the Blockchain and decentralized  world.  In conclusion, the eBitcoin Foundation has taken a very interesting project with a growing community and has transformed it into a very large decentralized team with a tremendous amount of business acumen consisting of both technical and blockchain know-how.  Sounds like a no-brainer.  Website:  https://eBitcoin.org  Telegram (News only):  bit.ly/eBtcTNews   Telegram (Chat):  bit.ly/eBtcTele  
DECREASE	   Mariah Carey, G-Eazy, and Motorhead Now Accept Monero for Music Merchandise Twitter  Bitcoin may have garnered plenty of interest this year, but altcoins are stepping up to the plate, offering their services in a bid to become more mainstream. One of which is Monero.  The privacy-focused digital currency revealed Tuesday that it is providing a new online shopping initiative, enabling music fans to purchase merchandise from 45 artists, including Mariah Carey, Motorhead, G-Eazy, Fall Out Boy, and Toby Keith.  Monero ’s Project Coral Reef initiative is a community-driven effort designed to bring more awareness to Monero ’s secure and private system, reports  Billboard .  Launched in partnership with payment processor GloBee, and Manhead Merchandise and Global Merchandising Services, both of which are music merchandising companies, the initiative will provide discounts to customers, including 15 percent from Carey ’s store.  In a statement, G-Eazy said:  As cryptocurrencies become more popular, it ’s important that my fans have choices when it comes to how they buy my songs and merchandise. Given Monero is one of safest, most secure and most private cryptocurrencies, it ’s one of the best options for my fans this holiday season.  The news signals a significant moment for the ninth-placed digital currency. According to CoinMarketCap, the XMR token is currently trading at $236, with a market cap valued at $3.6 billion.  Yet, despite the fact that the cryptocurrency is becoming more attractive to criminals because of its anonymity features, that hasn ’t stopping it from gaining more mainstream interest. In the last seven days, its value has risen by 26.10 percent, whereas over the previous 24 hours, it has increased by 20.50 percent.  It ’s hoped that the initiative will push Monero into becoming a more mainstream currency that can also be used to make purchase payments, possibly becoming a competitor of the number one digital currency, bitcoin.  Speaking about the potentials that the digital currency market holds, Riccardo  ‘Fluffypony ’ Spagni, Monero ’s lead maintainer, said in a statement:  Cryptocurrencies are fast becoming more popular to make purchases, but not all currencies are created equal and not all are as private and secure as people think. Project Coral Reef is a very important step towards the mainstream adoption of Monero. For the first time, consumers around the world can use Monero to securely and privately buy their favorite artists ’ music and merchandise.  It also makes it an interesting way for music fans to interact with their favorite artists, creating an interactive environment for all those concerned, while ensuring their privacy at the same time.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Leaps Nearly 10% Today, Nears $13,000 Twitter  Bitcoin price continues to rapid upward strides, gaining over $1,000 on Wednesday to firmly shatter the $12,000 milestone with a new all-time high of $12,947 (Coinbase).  The world’s first and largest cryptocurrency struck  $12,000  earlier today and, in doing so, expanded to a market cap of $200 billion for the first time in history. That dollar figure represents an 1100% gain since the turn of the year, when bitcoin  began trading at $1,000  on January 1st.  Not content with dizzying heights, bitcoin’s momentum stuck and continued to gather pace as the records keep on tumbling.  At 06:30 (UTC), bitcoin price rose above $12,500 as continued optimism in global markets saw price peak to a new all-time high of $12,947 (Coinbase), a gain of nearly 10% on the day.   Market data on  CoinmarketCap , which accounts trading in global markets and factors in price premiums, shows bitcoin price peaking above $13,000.   At the time of publishing, bitcoin is trading to the dollar at $12,818. The 1000-point leap to $13,000 in under a day, or even 12 hours, is still in sight.  Stay tuned for today’s analysis…  
DECREASE	   Computer Game Skins to Buy NASDAQ ’s Shares Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  There is no argument that trading is at the core of the global economy. We participate in trading every day, both to facilitate our basic needs, and to create additional value by investing in shares, for example. We conduct millions of transactions everyday lead by the desire to change our lives for the better. To control these transactions, we have created various markets that  differ by the types of traded goods. We have come so far along that virtually anything could be bought and delivered to you anywhere in the world.  In the modern world, trading is easy and understandable but only to an extent. When we start talking about complex products like stocks, bonds, cryptocurrencies and virtual goods things become more complicated. The reason we tend to perceive such trading as difficult is because there are lots of rules and regulations that one must follow in order to complete the purchasing or s elling process.  We are going to now take a look at a case involving a professional video game player that wishes to invest some of his profits in stocks of a large corporation listed on the NASDAQ. We will call him Terry. The backstory of Terry is this  – he has been playing the video game from the day it was released. Over time, Terry has become a very good player and went on to win a few video game championships. Initially, Terry would purchase outrageously expensive skins and Items for his player to have an edge in the game and stand out from the crowd. He has invested a significant amount of his earning into his character.  Recently Terry met Jake. Jake is also a video game pro, but unlike Terry his earnings wound up in stocks and are generating a passive monthly income that provides him with a comfortable lifestyle, just enough to leave his day job and dedicate more time to his favourite game. Terry decides to follow the example of Jake and invest in the share listed on NASDAQ but all his money  is frozen in the game.  There is one issue that Terry is faced with. He has no free cash to invest, everything he has saved up is locked in his video game character. Therefore, in order to purchase some shares Terry needs to go through the following steps:  Step one  – Sell his in-game  items  Step two  – try to convert all his earnings of the game account into real money  Step three  – try not to be scammed or fall into the hands of malicious websites  Step four  – pay immense fees for the real money transaction and finally receive funds into his bank account  Step five  – Justify these funds to the authorities, pay tax if applicable  Step six  – Convert his money into USD   Step seven  – Move his money to a stock exchange or brokerage  Step eight  – Make a buy order   Looks pretty complex, which it is, and considering the fact that getting out is the same process in reverse, Terry is feeling a little overwhelmed to say the least. To make matters worse, after doing some calculations, he discovers that the transactional costs he will incur add up to around 8%.  The point is that you can have many assets of various types but when it comes for you to act you need to “jump” from platform to platform to transfer one asset to another. This takes time and money as different platforms have different commission, and you  have to deal with different banks or other financial intermediaries. We entered the digital era to make our lives easier in  all spheres but there is still a lot of room for change.   Even though all our money, transactions and financial instruments have obtained digital form, it’s still very expensive to transfer them across borders, platforms, and exchanges. Our access to money and the ability to freely transact is being held captive by large financial institutions. Moreover, there are a lot of impediments in today’s system slowing things down. That’s beca use our digital financial instruments are not really ours, they exist in databases that belong to banks, or investment firms. And they have the right to decline or delay any transaction and you will have to bare the loss.   We believe that future of the financial system is programmable, so does NAGA. In a digital world, third party services can be removed from the equation.   NAGA  is a German fintech company, that embraces both the experience of today’s financial world and the new sophisticated and decentralized technology of the blockchain. This year on the 10 th  of July, they successfully launched their IPO on the open market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. Since then the per share price has skyrocketed by 400%. Moreover, their Token Sale is  LIVE  and they’ve already gathered more than 17 mln. USD.  What NAGA did is the following. They have created a decentralized ecosystem powered by the blockchain, which unites stocks, crypto currencies and virtual goods. They currently have 3 fundamental projects running:  Switex ,  SwipeStox  and the NAGA Wallet.   Switex is a virtual goods exchange within the NAGA decentralized ecosystem. Switex allows gamers and publishers to trade their virtual goods to upgrade their in-game characters. The deployment will undergo two stages. At first only virtual goods for games will be available on the platform, later other virtual goods will be added. All transactions on the platform will be legal,  tracked and fueled by the NGC token.   SwipeStox is a new type of stock exchange. This unique system enables retail clients to trade various  financial instruments. SwipeStox offers trading functionality within the environment of a social network. This platform also provides the tools to share knowledge with other users, copy trades of the most successful traders, and invest.  Last but not least – the NAGA Wallet. The NAGA Wallet is an interface which allows users to store and trade the NGC token. Here comes the most important aspect. Introducing all these solutions NAGA is solving the problems encountered by Terry in our example above. One single coin within one ecosystem will make it easy and reliable to switch from asset to asset, keeping all reco rds and transactional history in one place. All NAGA projects will provide new possibilities for each member. To use the benefits of NGC one doesn’t need to have a bank account or deal with any financial intermediaries. NAGA presents one solution for your digital needs.   NAGA is advised by professionals both in financial and crypto fields: Roger Ver  – founder of Bitcoin.com, Mate Tokay  – COO of Bitcoin.com, and Miko Matsumura of Pantera Capital.  NAGA coin (NGC) has great potential as it will be used as the base currency for all NAGA platforms, already trading billions of USD every month and while the supply of NGC is limited a token value increase is possible.  Join NAGA  and explore the limitless possibilities that it provides!   More about NAGA’s projects at the  NAGA Token Sale Website  Talk to the team in  Telegram chat  
DECREASE	   Neuromation Announces Platform Development, a Partnership With GigaWatt Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Artificial Intelligence (AI) are increasingly becoming integral to industrial operations. The application of neural networks, machine learning, and the increase in computing power has buoyed their capabilities and utilization. The use of AI by hedge funds to trade billions of securities in fraction of seconds and increasing integration in transportation, healthcare, and retail has been projected to propel its ’ market capitalization to over $3 trillion by 2024.  However, this has brought along new sets of challenges namely, the availability of well-labeled and unbiased data to support and complement the AI learning process. This problem has stunted the adoption rate of AI due to the prohibitive cost of converting data, providing required computational power for learning, and talent supply.  Neuromation  Platform changes all that.   Neuromation  is an award-winning tech startup. The company took 1st place in the Investor ’s Award at the prestigious d10e Investor ’s Conference for its disruptive innovative synthetic dataset solution to create cost-effective learning environment for training and distributing neural networks. Neuromation is set to apply synthetic data and dynamic modeling in industrial applications for monitoring and predicting factory or shipping operations in real time using computer vision. The startup is also into how computer vision and neural networks can help with biotech diagnostics and drug discovery  Neuromation Ecosystem   Utilizing distributed computing powered by blockchain-based proof-of-work tokens, Neuromation is set to revolutionize AI model development, uniting market resources with  scientific communities, commercial bodies, and private entities on an integrated marketplace network.   Neuromation Platform enables researchers, engineers, and designers to create virtual worlds where AI algorithms cannot only be trained on stimulate sensory inputs, but also allows computers to teach other computers to perceive. These synthetic worlds trains AIs on live models and possess virtually infinite supply of well-labeled training data.   Based on recent tests in the retail industry, Neuromation technology have helped users achieve a 95%+ accuracy in inventory recognition.  The platform’s ecosystem is driven by Neurotokens (NTK). The token facilitates one-click exchanges of values on the platform and is currently being offered to early adopters and investors. The whitelist pre-sales has been widely embraced by the community, raising $1.5 million and smashing pass its’ first goal of 2,000 ETH with more than 4 million  Neurotokens distributed among whitelisted contributors.  Due to overwhelming demand, Neuromation’s pre-sale has also been extended until January 1st.  Synergistic Partnerships  Neuromation continues to grow its partnership and vision to be a global resource pool for synthetic data, initiating agreements with key players in the industry including:  ECR-Community: A flagship community for delivering consumer benefits through collaborative practices between trading partners along the consumer goods value chain CoinNinja: Premier Bitcoin mixing service platform for anonymous transactions  TaaS: The first-ever tokenized closed-end fund powered by Token-as-a-Service business model, allowing contributors to subscribe to the Fund’s income stream.  Hacken: Blockchain-based cybersecurity specialist firm and decentralized whitehat marketplace platform.  OSA HP: Real time value creation platform for retailers, suppliers, and shoppers.  Today Neuromation announced its partnership with the world’s first full-service mining solution provider, Giga-Watt.  The partnership will see Neuromation fulfil its increasing demand for computing power. Currently, there are only a handful of providers with the powers to handle artificial intelligence and they are extremely costly. Giga-Watt has vast computing powers of GPU mining farms, with Neuromation to provide a premium revenue channel for utilising this capability. Compared to mining cryptocurrencies, knowledge mining is 20-25% more profitable.  The partnership with Giga-Watt begins in Q1 2018, with testing GPU capacity. After this testing period,  Neuromation platform will be powered by 40k GPU in the same quarter. The platform is scheduled to launch in February 2018 and will be fully operational by March 2018 for  the artificial intelligence community.  Neuromation is also pleased to announce the inclusion of Dave Carlson on its advisory board. The company will continue to tie in service providers to its platform to create an enabling ecosystem for all AI.  
DECREASE	   Betting Against Bitcoin: Hedge Funds are Targeting Price Falls Twitter  Hedge funds are rapidly expanding into the crypto market with announcements from  CME Group Inc. ,  Cboe Global Markets Inc. , and  Nasdaq Inc. , elevating  cryptocurrencies into an emerging asset class . These hedge funds have passively watched the cryptocurrency system buildup over time with incentive markers in the price index volatility and steady comparative variations among altcoins and cryptocurrencies. Now, this high-risk venture will take its chances with Bitcoin Futures services provided by the aforementioned once Chicago Mercantile Exchange’s futures market open, ta rgeting price-falls of cryptocurrencies to maximize investment returns.  A business professor at the University of Houston, Craig Pirron,  opined  that “having this instrument that makes it easier to short might keep the bitcoin price a little closer to reality as the futures reduce the frictions of going short more than they do of going long, so it’s probably net bearish.”  Since its creation in 2009, Bitcoin has grown exponentially. Early investors who invested in the digital currency have reaped over  50,000% ROI . Comparatively, investment of the same amount in the S &P 500 stock index, with reinvested dividends inclusive would not yield as much. The gap between the two investment is shockingly outrageous.  “One of the greatest shorting opportunities ever”, declared Lou Kerner, partner at Flight VC, “…it’s the greatest thing to ever happen in the history of mankind.”  The recent volatility in bitcoin prices has shown sporadic increases by a factor of 72% with a sharp dip of 20% in the month of November after topping $11,000 USD within a 90-minute window. The price has long recovered and has steadily increased to trading above $11,332.01.  BlockTower Capital’s former portfolio manager and co-founder, Ari Paul, claims that “While some traders are eager to be able to short bitcoin and will do so when the futures are launched, there is a far greater amount of money eagerly awaiting the futures as a vehicle to go long”.  ‘Small Potatoes’  With bitcoin’s over 90% surge this year, reactions have been elicited from wall street. JPMorgan Chase  & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon once alleged cryptocurrency “a  fraud ”; one the other hand, Thomas Lee at Fundstrat Global Advisors and hedge fund manager Michael Novogratz have taken the bullish sides, predicting more surges in bitcoin prices. Novogratz, who recently began raising $500 million to drive his investment portfolio in cryptocurrencies, stated that short trades can be risky even though he views the ability to short the currency as “a n important part of the ecosystem”.  Short sellers are always banking on volatility and instability in price fluctuations, basically borrowing securities to bet on price fall and make profit off the difference when they refund the holding. Moro added that It can be risky, as bitcoin price can be difficult, with price swinging suddenly. CEO of Genesis Global Trading, Michael Moro, revealed “there are limited ways t o short bitcoin today” and his cryptocurrency trading platform has lent about $20 million USD to investors to take bearish positions.  “With the existing exchanges, no one can get in and short $1 million”, Moro clarified, “It’s really small potatoes on what you can do today. The CME guys open up a new frontier.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘Crucial’ to Issue Central Bank Cryptocurrency ASAP, Says PBoC Research Lead Twitter  The lead researcher at China’s central bank has claimed that a central bank cryptocurrency should be developed and issued at the earliest in the country.  According to statements reported by the  South China Morning Post , People’s Bank of China (PBoC) lead researcher Yao Qian has expressed the immediate need for the central bank to develop and issue its own cryptocurrency as a means toward bolstering China’s digital economy. Qian heralded digital legal tender as “the jewel in the crown of fintech” that will go on to have a sweeping impact on the world’s financial system.  A cryptocurrency serving as legal tender would bring financial inclusion with services offered in rural areas, bring down transaction costs and increase the efficiency of monetary policies implemented by the central bank, according to Qian.  The PBoC researcher stated:  The development of [the] digital economy needs central bank-issued electronic currency more than ever. It’s crucial to speed up their research and issuance.  Qian’s comments further underline China’s endeavor to take a proactive lead in issuing a central bank cryptocurrency. The PBoC’s effort to understand a central bank digital currency began in 2014 with the establishment of a ‘special’ research team. The initiative became public knowledge in early 2016, when the central bank reveled its intent to “ introduce a digital currency as soon as possible .”  The PBoC  completed  a successful trial run of its digital currency on a blockchain earlier this year, followed by a the establishment of a ‘ digital currency research institute ’ laboratory alongside the offices of the China Banknote Printing and Minting Corporation, the state-owned entity responsible for printing and minting China’s fiat currency, the renminbi.  Qian went on to add:  What the central bank have in mind is  a centralized digital currency among all . As money has evolved from the barter system to its metallic and paper forms, it is now going digital.  China’s sprint toward a central bank-controlled cryptocurrency comes amid its infamous  sweeping ban  on initial coin offerings (ICOs) in September. The regulatory ban, effectively curbing an innovative new method of fundraising powered by cryptocurrencies, has also led to the shuttering of cryptocurrency exchanges in the country.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bittrex on SegWit2x: Bitcoin Will Remain as BTC, Market Will Decide Twitter  Bittrex, the third largest cryptocurrency exchange in the world by trading volume, has released an official statement regarding the SegWit2x hard fork scheduled to be executed on November 16.  Original Bitcoin Blockchain Will Continue as “BTC”  In the statement, Julian Yap of Bittrex emphasized that the original bitcoin blockchain will continue with the moniker “BTC” after the SegWit2x hard fork occurs later this month. Similar to other leading cryptocurrency trading platforms like Bitfinex, Bittrex intends to have the market decide which version of bitcoin will be known as the majority chain.  The statement  read:  “In the event of a chain split, ‘BTC’ will remain the existing Bitcoin chain with 1 MB blocks until the industry and ecosystem demonstrates a clear chain preference for Bitcoin. Bittrex will take all reasonable steps to ensure that customer funds can be preserved on both chains. Bittrex will make all reasonable attempts to credit our users chain split tokens. We will not recove r incorrectly made cross chain deposits under any circumstance due to the lack of replay protection.”  As many bitcoin experts, wallet operators, and exchanges including Jimmy Song and Trezor have noted in the past, SegWit2x lacks strong replay protection, which could endanger existing bitcoins of investors in the process of obtaining B2X after the fork. As such, users will be required to follow a strict set of instructions to safely withdraw and be credited with B2X.  Why Hash Rate Alone Cannot Decide the Majority Chain  Several exchanges and wallet platforms like Xapo have been criticized over the past month due to their approach in dealing with the SegWit2x hard fork. Xapo emphasized that it will grant a 24 to 48-hour window for both blockchains and decide the majority chain based on their accumulated difficulty, or hash power.  However, politically driven miners could easily switch their hash rate to the SegWit2x chain for a short period of time, or however long it takes, to ensure that SegWit2x evolves into the majority chain. For instance, upon the introduction of Bitcoin Cash in August, massive amounts of hash power moved from bitcoin to Bitcoin Cash during a period in which Bitcoin Cash was more p rofitable to mine than bitcoin.  As the difficulty level of Bitcoin Cash adjusted and the original bitcoin blockchain became more profitable to mine again, miners switched back to bitcoin. Several analysts have noted that approximately 40 percent of hashrate moved to Bitcoin Cash in the first few days, as miners tried to take advantage of the low difficulty level.  If a similar trend happens with SegWit2x and 50 percent of hash rate moves to the SegWit2x chain briefly, but most of the hash rate moves back to bitcoin once the legacy chain becomes more profitable to mine again, it will lead to a serious issue for exchanges because they cannot continue to switch the monikers “BTC,” “B2X,” and “BC1” around.   Conclusively, the most viable and logical approach to take is to take a long-term evaluation phase wherein many indicators are used to evaluate the majority chain, rather than having a 48-hour mining window which can be easily manipulated.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   China and Australia Unite in Fintech Pact, Despite ICO Differences Twitter  The national securities regulators of China and Australia have entered an agreement to share information to promote FinTech innovation in each other’s markets.  The Australian Securities and Investment Commission (ASIC) and China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) have inked a FinTech cooperation agreement that will see the two authorities share and use information on emerging market trends and developments to promote innovation in financial technologies with each other’s markets.  “In the past few years, the rapid development of fintech has created ample opportunities to introduce new financial services, enhance financial inclusion and fulfill investors’ needs,” said CSRC chairman Shiyu Liu.  The alliance is noteworthy for a couple of reasons. China is Australia’s biggest two-way trading partner in goods and services in a market valued at $155.2 billion in 2016. Notably, China is also Australia’s single largest market for both exports and imports. The FinTech agreement builds upon established trade ties.  Secondly, as the ASIC is  quick to point out , China is the world’s biggest market for FinTech investments and more pertinently, the adoption of financial technologies in wider society. The likes of Alipay and WeChat pay, two major retail payments platforms, have an estimated 1.1 billion users combined in their payments platforms. Investments in Chinese FinTech ventures exceeded $10 billion in 2016.  ASIC Chairman Greg Medcraft stated:  This Agreement represents an exciting opportunity for us to learn more about the Chinese fintech sector, which is renowned for its success and dynamism. We also look forward to sharing our insights and experiences on regtech with the CSRC.  The co-operation pact will also discuss regulatory issues concerning innovation in financial services to help the authorities develop regulatory approaches in a rapidly disrupted financial services industry.  Liu added:  The Agreement between CSRC and ASIC will provide an effective channel for timely exchange of information on fintech developments and regulatory issues, and enhance regulatory cooperation between the two authorities.  Despite coming together, the two securities regulators have taken markedly different regulatory approaches toward initial coin offering (ICO) fundraising, a radical new application of financial technology powered by cryptocurrencies. In September, the CSRC was among a number of Chinese authorities, led by China’s central bank, to  impose a blanket ban  on ICO funding after declaring it an ‘illegal practice’ of fundraising that “seriously disrupted the economic and financial order.”  In the same month, the ASIC published  guidelines  to help businesses and startups understand their obligations when offering ICOs by complying with relevant laws in Australia.  In marked contrast to its Chinese counterpart, the Australian corporate and securities regulator wrote:  ASIC recognises that ICOs have the potential to make an important contribution to the options available to businesses to raise funds and to investment options available to investors.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   India ’s Central Bank isn ’t Adopting Bitcoin for Payments or Settlements Twitter  An official for the Reserve Bank of India, the country’s central bank, has reaffirmed the authority’s stance in avoiding cryptocurrencies like bitcoin.  A director at the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) has drawn a line on the central bank’s current stance on bitcoin, predictably stating the authority isn’t interested in adopting the cryptocurrency.  RBI director Ganesh Kumar was speaking at a banking event when he fielded a query about bitcoin from the audience. In a statement reported by  Money Control , the official stated:  Our current position on bitcoins is that we will not be using it for any payments and settlements…though the technology underlying cryptocurrencies [the blockchain] will not end.  India’s central bank is also researching a “ fiat cryptocurrency ” that will deliver a digital rupee, a digitized alternative to India’s fiat currency. As Kumar suggests, the central bank will not be using bitcoin for the initiative, a stance that was recently revealed by RBI executive director Sudarshan Sen.  “[In] regards to non-fiat cryptocurrencies…we are not comfortable,” Sen stated at a FinTech conference in September. “Bitcoins for example. That’s a private cryptocurrency.”  As bitcoin permeates into the mainstream, gaining awareness and adoption in society, central bankers are increasingly fielding questions about decentralized cryptocurrencies that are independent of state controls. Such is their aversion that central banks around the world are working toward developing their own central bank-issued digital currencies, issued under their control.   Singapore ,  China ,  Canada , and  Russia  are among a handful of notable examples.  Meanwhile, the RBI’s  official stance  on bitcoin remains a public notice advising retail investors and citizens to be wary of bitcoin investments or usage in the country, a rehash of a similar  statement from December 2013 . The recent boom in adoption – India’s finance minister Arun Jaitley underlined a ‘ notable growth ’ of the country’s bitcoin market this year- has since led to Indian authorities establishing  a digital currency committee  to develop a framework for the legal and regulatory future for cryptocurrencies in India.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   ‘Buy Bitcoin ’ Overtakes  “Buy Gold ” as Private Gold Trading Declines in October Twitter  Private investor gold trading fell by a third in October as Google searches to  ‘buy bitcoin ’ overtook yellow metal searches worldwide, according to BullionVault.  Adrian Ash, the director of research at BullionVault, the physical gold and silver market for private investors online, said that the amount of gold changing hands shrank by nearly one-third in October compared to the previous 12 months, down by 31.5 percent. Ash reports that gold buyers fell by 9.7 percent during October from the month before, whereas the number of sellers dec lined by 26.6 percent.  This saw the Gold Investor Index measure one tick higher from 54.5 in September to 54.6 in October, matching the sentiment index ’s one-year average, said  BullionVault .  Ash writes:  With the U.S. stock market setting fresh all-time highs day after day, it ’s no surprise gold prices have retreated. Investment insurance is being discounted because equities seem invincible. Brexit isn ’t worrying the FTSE, and Catalonia ’s independence crisis has so far failed to dent Europe ’s bull market.  Elsewhere, the rise of bitcoin is attracting new investors to the crypto market. As gold experiences a decline in trading, bitcoin is seeing a rise in the number of Google searches. According to BullionVault, Internet searches for  ‘buy bitcoin ’ are now overtaking  ‘buy gold ’ just as the digital currency overtook  ‘buy silver ’ in the New Year.    Ash states that investors are  ‘being distracted by the noise around bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, ’ adding:  Altogether that ’s made interest from new gold investors the weakest since the metal ’s half-decade price lows of end-2015, just the U.K. referendum and Trump ’s election shock helped gold enjoy its strongest annual rise in six years.  On a daily basis, in October, gold prices declined by 1.4 percent in Euros, 1.8 percent in Sterling Pound and 2.7 percent against the U.S dollar.  Even though gold trades recorded a decline in October, BullionVault client holdings grew by 208 kilograms, the first net growth in three months. Silver remained unchanged for the second consecutive month, at a record 689 tonnes. Despite this, though, the number of buyers declined more than sellers, down by 22.1 percent from September.  According to Ash, the sale of bullion coins and small bars to private investors has become  ‘dismal. ’  Yet, demand for bitcoin is continuing to increase with its value now worth over $7,000. Its user base is also increasing due to the fact that it can be used as a form of payment compared to gold. For many bitcoin is becoming a viable alternative to gold, silver and the fiat system.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   “A Very Important Step in Bitcoin’s History”: CME Pioneer Heralds New Asset Class Twitter  CME Group chairman emeritus Leo Melamed is bullish on bitcoin, predicting the cryptocurrency will go on to become a new asset class alongside gold and traditional stocks.  Leo Melamed, widely recognized as the founder of financial futures and the former chairman (chairman emeritus) of the CME Group, sees bitcoin going beyond being a cryptocurrency to becoming a new asset class in its own right.  In an interview with  Reuters , the legendary financial figure spoke about the CME Group’s  plans to launch  bitcoin futures contracts this year. Melamed expects the launch to open the floodgates for major institutional investors enter the bitcoin space and went on to claim that the CME Group will “tame” it toward mainstream acceptance while playing under regulatory rules.  He told Reuters of the upcoming launch of the futures contract of bitcoin:  That’s a very important step for bitcoin’s history…We will regulate, make bitcoin not wild, nor wilder. We’ll tame it into a regular type instrument of trade with rules.  Melamed further revealed he was a bitcoin-skeptic initially, but the 85-year old financial pioneer soon saw similarities between the cryptocurrency and the International Monetary Market (IMM) currency futures trading he launched as CME’s chairman in 1972, which is now one of CME’s four major divisions. He now sees the possibility of bitcoin representing a new asset class based  on blockchain technology, beyond being a transactional P2P cryptocurrency.  He stated:  The world in the 1970s didn’t look at currency trading as a valid instrument of finance. I too went from not believing (in bitcoin) to wanting to know more.  Fueled by support from the world’s largest exchange owner, bitcoin prices  have soared  above $7,500 since the CME Group’s announcement last week.  Melamed’s outlook on bitcoin is in marked contrast to that of JP Morgan Chase chief executive Jamie Dimon, who called bitcoin a “ fraud ” in September. For Melamed, bitcoin represents new technology, technology that leaves naysayers obsolete.  In statements reported by Reuters, Melamed said:  My whole life is built abound new technology. I never said no to technology. People who say no to technology are soon dead. I’m still that same guy who believes in, at least examining change. That’s what bitcoin represents.  Featured image from YouTube/ Waseda University 早稲田大学 .  
DECREASE	   New French Restaurant in New York City Accepts Bitcoin, Ditches Visa/MasterCard Twitter  A new French restaurant in New York City is taking things one step further to give diners a unique experience: it ’s letting them pay in bitcoin.  La Sirène, which opened on Friday, is located on Upper West Side, and proclaims to be an authentic French bistro. This is the second La Sirène restaurant in New York. The first is located downtown in Lower Manhattan.  According to the  West Side Rag  blog, though, while the restaurant accepts bitcoin, cash, cheque, and American Express, it doesn ’t take Visa or Mastercard.  Reacting to the blog post, one person wrote:  They take bitcoin, but not Visa? Who are they hoping to market to? Makes no sense.  Another wrote:  Bitcoin but no “regular” credit cards (Visa, MasterCard)? Guess they only want to attract the Amex crowd (biz travelers, business people?) … and millennials with bitcoin. And who writes checks anymore?  As the crypto market continues to gain prominence restaurants are realizing the benefits of accepting the digital currency for payments.  Last August, a New Hampshire restaurant was reported as  accepting the digital currency  for everything on its menu. Called Street, and located in the west end of Portsmouth, it features a global menu while providing a casual atmosphere for hungry diners.  Shortly after that, Free Keene, a pro-decentralization and pro-bitcoin organization in New Hampshire, revealed that a food truck in Keene, New Hampshire, was accepting bitcoin. Featuring a bitcoin sign on the truck, Bon Vivant – Gourmet Street Food, is believed to be the  first food truck  in the U.S. to accept the digital currency.  However, it ’s not just the food industry that is accepting the cryptocurrency.  In November, Italy ’s biggest taxi firm, Cooperative RadioTaxi 3570, announced that it was  accepting the digital currency  as payment from its customers. In July, Japanese electronics retailer Bic Camera enabled the acceptance of bitcoin to customers across all its stores, becoming the  first major Japanese retailer  to do so. Whereas, tenants at a London residency can now  pay their deposits in the cryptocurrency .  With the digital currency now worth over $5,000 it ’s likely that more companies will begin accepting it as a form of payment.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Will SegWit2x Lead to Major Bitcoin Price Decline by End of November? Twitter  Willy Woo, a highly regarded cryptocurrency and bitcoin analyst well known for his contribution to WooBull.com, has stated that the bitcoin price could suffer a major correction by the end of November, upon the SegWit2x hard fork.   A wild stab for November… BTC dumps before the HF, alts rebound, and a 3-way hash war between the 3 Bitcoins and BCH gaining a lot of value.  — Willy Woo (@woonomic)  November 6, 2017      Theory on Potential Bitcoin Price Decline After November 16  Analysts including Woo and Tom Lee of Fundstrat have emphasized for many months that the SegWIt2x hard fork scheduled to be executed on November 16 could very likely lead to a major price correction, as a small portion of bitcoin investors who have allocated their funds from alternative cryptocurrencies (altcoins) to bitcoin with the sole purpose of obtaining the newly created  SegWit2x coins or B2X reallocate their funds back to altcoins.  The abovementioned theory is viable, considering that the only method of obtaining B2X immediately after the fork is to own bitcoin prior to November 16. While SegWit2x has not added replay protection as bitcoin hardware wallet development firm Trezor recently explained, there exists a complicated method with which users can withdraw and be credited with B2X. Hence, logically,  it is possible that altcoin holders would briefly allocate their funds into bitcoin to obtain B2X and almost immediately withdraw bitcoin after obtaining B2X thereafter.  Developers of Trezor  said  in an official statement released earlier today, on November 7:  “The TREZOR device supports both BTC and B2X. For both, new and legacy addresses will be supported. However, as SegWit2X will not implement replay protection, there are certain steps you need to take before you can use both coins safely. We will prepare a guide for you to follow, should you wish to split your coins and use both coins.”  But, the theory is also conditional to a certain extent, because it assumes that altcoin investors would allocate their funds prior to the fork solely to obtain B2X upon the fork. For the vast majority of bitcoin users and investors, the fork should a non-issue, because they can still hold and use bitcoin normally prior to, throughout, and after the fork without any technical p roblems with their wallets or exchanges.   The rapid surge in the price of bitcoin over the past two weeks has been mainly attributed to the optimistic bitcoin futures and options exchange launch by CME, the world’s largest options exchange by volume. However, analysts like Woo have also described the allocation of funds from altcoins to bitcoin as one of the major factors in the price surge of bitcoin, which has been d isplayed by bitcoin’s increasing dominance over the cryptocurrency market.  Conclusively, it seems unlikely that the price of bitcoin will suddenly crash after the fork, given that the market has had a relatively long period to prepare for the fork. Also, the theory in which altcoin investors have briefly stored their funds in bitcoin to obtain B2X is conditional on many levels, based on speculation and assumption.  Furthermore, even if the bitcoin price suffers a major correction on November 16, which will most likely be the case, the CME bitcoin exchange launch scheduled for late November could play as a driving factor to increase the value of bitcoin once again.  Featured image from Shutterstock.   
DECREASE	   Deutsche Bank: ‘End of Fiat Money’ May Be Near Twitter  A top  Deutsche Bank  strategist speculates that we may be looking at the “start of the end of fiat money”.  Bitcoin was originally developed as a peer-to-peer electronic cash system that would free its users from the bondage of state-controlled currency and the erosion of wealth due to inflation. Despite its phenomenal growth, most mainstream financial analysts remain skeptical that it will ever achieve mainstream adoption – at least as a currency used for everyday transactions.  However, as Business Insider  reports , Deutsche Bank strategist Jim Reid envisions that the current fiat monetary system could begin to collapse within the next decade, creating a climate that would encourage the rise of an alternative currency system.  Reid made this shocking claim in a recently-released research paper, and he argues that the current fiat monetary system – which began in 1971 when U.S. President Richard Nixon decoupled the dollar from gold  — is “inherently unstable and prone to high inflation”. The corrosive effects of inflation have largely been masked in major economic markets, primarily due to the meteoric growth of China’s economy and the global working-age population. He says that these factors created a situation in which central banks could control inflation externally and prevent wages from increasing too  rapidly.  “It ’s not usually this easy as inflation would have normally increased with such stimulus and credit creation, ” Reid writes. In fact,  “it could be argued that this external disinflation shock has perhaps  ‘saved ’ fiat currencies. ”  If this demographic and developmental cycle slows or reverses, it “could spell problems for the fiat currency system,” he continues, “which could herald in the beginning of the end of the global fiat currency system”.  Opportunity for Alternative Currencies  Reid anticipates that central banks may seriously consider a shift to a commodity-backed monetary system within the next decade, vindicating the gold bugs who have been marginalized and ridiculed by mainstream financiers.  However, the economy looks quite different than it did in 1971, and many bitcoin advocates believe that the emergence of the digital age necessitates a digital currency. Acknowledging this, Reid says it is possible that cryptocurrency or another alternative medium of exchange could eventually supplant paper money, although he stops far short of predicting that this new system w ill be based on bitcoin.  “Although the current speculative interest in cryptocurrencies is more to do with blockchain technology than a loss of faith in paper money, at some point there will likely be some median of exchange that becomes more universal and a competitor of paper money, ” Reid concludes.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Why You Should Manage All Your Trades on One Platform Twitter  This article is written by Pini Raviv, a software engineer and front-end team leader for an Israel-based startup. A Bitcoin aficionado spends his time researching altcoins, mining Ethrereum and blogging about blockchain.  Cryptocurrencies can be used either as a medium of payment or a  store of value . In other words, the properties of digital currencies enable them to be considered as money used for settling transactions or they can be treated as commodities, i.e. tools for investment.  Investing in cryptocurrencies  Treating cryptocurrencies as a store of value comes with the responsibility of identifying flexible and performing investment solutions to generate returns. Considering the available number of options made possible by Bitcoin and the numerous cryptocurrencies currently in existence, it is often difficult for traders and speculators to pick out opportunities early enough while s eeking profitable trades within the crypto market.  Cryptocurrency trader and creator of the oWo trading bot,  Anari Sengbe  compares the scenario to  “trying to pick the right horse in a race of multiple horses”.  The  recent market volatility  which is triggered by events in China has raised a new level of awareness in the world of asset management.  It is very common to find crypto investors holding numerous tokens in their trading portfolio at the same time. Following up on the performance of these tokens in real time becomes a tedious and confusing venture most of the time. This leads to negative results such as missed opportunities, forgotten parameters, increased cost of investment management, mental stress and a lot m ore.  A platform to manage all your portfolios  CoinTracking  is a tool that analyzes all your trades and generates useful information in real time such as the profit/loss of your trades, the value of coins, balances, realized and unrealized gains, reports for tax declaration, and much more.  The platform imports prices of thousands of coins from about 40 different exchanges to provide a robust analytical tool for any trader at a glance.  In the wider world, it is believed that information is power, but in the world of cryptocurrency trading where things can change rapidly, the right information at the right time is life.  Coindex  is a mobile tool that enables traders track and manage their entire portfolio in one glance. The tool offers Candlestick charts and market data along with features such as market cap listing to simplify the market tracking processes for traders.  The app which is compatible with both iPhone and Android technology is powered by  Cryptocompare , acquiring real-time price feed from multiple top exchanges as well.  Being able to track and manage all of one’s trades and investments through a central portfolio provides the opportunity to maximize available resources such as time, attention and cost of service. The system eliminates the need to jump from one platform to another while monitoring investments, thereby enabling optimum management of investment and resources.  How to keep up to pace with the markets  According to Sengbe, the popular easy way out is to adopt a long-term plan and expect cryptocoins to at least double in value over long periods of about 6 months. This philosophy is born out of the idea that if not from market participation, any average coin should at least double in value from the coin owners themselves needing to keep it active on the exchange.  Sengbe also emphasizes the need for keeping up to pace with happenings within the crypto space, noting such as an important tool to manage one’s portfolio effectively .  He says:   “The pace of crypto news and information requires that you have reliable sources to navigate what is profitable information and what is not at any given point in time.”  In a fast-moving environment like the cryptocurrency market, having to chase the market through several avenues can lead to frustration and significant loss of value.  The convenience of interpreting the market at a glance, accessing important information without much ado and managing multiple assets from one central point is making crypto portfolio management system a much desired development.  More volatility ahead  As the ecosystem gradually enters the phase of governments and regulatory institutions looking for appropriate ways to adopt cryptocurrencies and their underlying technology, a lot of crucial information will be expected to keep rolling out down the road. This will imply increased movement in price of crypto assets, necessitating the ability to keep up to pace with the fast mov ing market.  Adopting a system that eliminates unnecessary and costly distractions is apparently the most ideal approach to a successful adventure in the world of cryptocurrency investment and speculation.  Portfolio management platforms may indeed be the hitherto missing link to a prosperous crypto asset business for most investors.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin2X is Just Around the Corner: What You Should Know Twitter  This article is written by Pini Raviv, a software engineer and front-end team leader for an Israel-based startup. A Bitcoin aficionado spends his time researching altcoins, mining Ethrereum and blogging about blockchain.  When you first enter the Bitcoin marketplace, you find that there’s a huge learning curve, just to get up to speed.   For starters, the concept of digital currency without any backing except consensus is a leap of faith. But once you’re there, you’ve only just begun to learn.   The Bitcoin world is filled with its own litany of jargon and terminology that all sounds very official, and as though you’re missing out on some huge field of expertise. And then you see Bitcoin loyalists fighting on Twitter over a series of terms that are effectively meaningless to you.   Questions over forks, SegWit, SegWit2X, legacy chains, and more.   The recent discussion that has made the headlines is the internal controversy over Segwit2X, or, rightly called  Bitcoin2X  (or B2X for short). This new Bitcoin is a hard fork of the original BTC chain, and will have impact on your wallet, if you’re in cryptocurrency when it happens.   What Is B2X Anyway?   Excellent question. The answer, however, requires a bit of background in order to explain. Bitcoin is built on ‘blockchain technology’. Blockchain is the new ‘in’ technology, and (to keep it simple) is a distributed database where everyone on a network can see and verify all new datapoint entries.   In layman’s terms, the blockchain is a way of programming that allows everyone to see every single transaction and to validate those transactions in ‘blocks’. These blocks hold the data for each transaction, and each block has a maximum data limit of 1MB. This means that each block can only store and validate a certain number of transactions.   This 1MB block limit has worked well for Bitcoin from its inception. So, you may ask, why all the debate about something that’s working.   After all, if it isn’t broken, don’t fix it. Right? Maybe.   Transaction Volume   Things were running along smoothly with Bitcoin, so long as it stayed in the shadows of the financial world. While few transactions took place, little needed to be done to increase transaction throughput, or to allow for more overall data on the network.   However, with the sudden spike in Bitcoin interest, and the resultant increase in Bitcoin transactions, the need for more transaction space has become real. This has lead to a massive internal debate over how to ‘scale’ (increase transaction volume) the Bitcoin blockchain.   After a number of months of arguing among Bitcoin insiders, the debate concluded with and agreement and document nicknamed the New York Agreement (NYA). This document detailed a lengthy scaling plan for Bitcoin and was agreed upon by the vast majority of Bitcoin miners and developers. It included two main steps  –  first SegWit, and then SegWit2X .   SegWit has already taken place, having been enacted via ‘soft fork’ in August. “SegWit” stands for Segregated Witness  – meaning that the transaction itself is divided from the witness portion of the transaction. The witness portion is pool with others, and this division creates more space on each block for more transactions. The solution is working well, with increasing adoption among users.    The second half of the NYA, called SegWit2X, was supposed to occur at block 494,784 on about November 17. SegWit2X was a ‘hard fork’, or an active change to the protocol of the Bitcoin blockchain which would therefore create an entirely new branch, and orphan any blocks made with the original protocol.   SegWit2X takes scaling one step further. While keeping the SegWit intact, the change in protocol would also increase the size of each block to 2MB, doubling the transaction volume for each block. To an outside observer, this may seem to be a simple solution  – if the chain needs more transaction capability, double the number of possible transactions. Case closed. Or is it?   What Lurks Beneath   While the signers of the NYA all agreed in principle to the chain edits, they did not know the specifics of the code that would be used. Rather, they were excited to see transaction volume increase, but were pensively waiting for how that could be done. Developers set to work.   The SegWit soft fork took place with no apparent change to the platform. Transaction volume has increased, fees have dropped (in some cases to zero), and the whole system is running well. However, the Bitcoin2X hard fork will produce two chains  – the legacy chain (BTC for the purpose of this article) and B2X (new SegWit2X chain). The problem for programmers is that once the chain splits, there is no ‘replay protection’.   Replay attacks are the ability to input and complete a transaction using the same funds in two different places at the same time. Replay attacks can happen in any financial sector, but are particularly dangerous for Bitcoin. Without replay protection, these attacks would allow savvy hackers to use their Bitcoin twice, once on each chain, and then receive goods or services for b oth, the sellers being left holding an empty bag.   To get just a little technical, the previous blockchains for both the BTC and B2X chains will be identical, meaning that all the previous blocks are copied from the BTC blockchain onto the B2X blockchain, and then new and distinct blocks are added to each chain thereafter.   As it currently stands, the B2X proposal does not contain replay protection as an included feature. Some exchanges have already begun working toward platform specific safety features, but the complexity of the transition is massive. With the risk being high and the solutions being difficult, many original signers of the NYA have retreated.   What Do You Need to Know?  If you’re not a member of Bitcoin Core, or an active contributor in the marketplace, all of this is mostly just interesting. When the fork occurs, you’ll get an equal amount of B2X for every BTC you own.   However, after the fork, some things may change. Miners are currently signaling that the hard fork will occur at a rate of 85%. This may change before the time comes for the fork to occur, but it’s still a plausible reality that only 15% of the miners will remain on the legacy BTC chain.   If this happens, a normal 10 minutes block transaction time could potentially skyrocket to somewhere around 65+ minutes, and with the slower times, mining fees and transaction fees would increase exponentially as well.   If your intention is to hold your BTC, the change will have little effect on your  bitcoin wallet of choice , except to give you more coins. However, if you are seeking to use your BTC as currency  – accomplishing daily tasks like renting movies, buying food, and online shopping  – the effectiveness of BTC transactions would be interrupted. Miners will continue to mine, but the fork may produce a new set of protocols that miners would have to adhere to, and thus would likely produce a temporary readjustment of the mining processes, halting transaction blocks for a short time.   Whether B2X is just a fad that will quickly pass away, or if it replaces the original BTC forever, the movement of the marketplace to scale Bitcoin is publicly airing the dirty laundry of the cryptocurrency. While the freedom and decentralization of Bitcoin is a huge benefit, the dangers of autonomy and self-governance are being played out in front of our eyes.    
DECREASE	   $8,000: Goldman Sachs’ Analyst Predicts Bitcoin Price Gains Twitter  Sheba Jafari, Goldman Sachs ’ chief technician, believes  bitcoin  could reach close to $8,000, according to a message sent to the company’s clients on Monday, reported  Business Insider .  Source: Coinmarketcap.com  Jafari noted bitcoin exceeded an equality target from its July low at $6,044, indicating the potential for an “impulsive advance ” that could hit at least $7,941, the minimum target for the third of five waves. At that point, the price should achieve a position to watch for consolidation.  Bitcoin’s price was $7,201.2 late Tuesday morning, having posted a 3.19% drop in the prior 24-hour period, according to coinmarketcap.com.  Source: Coinmarketcap.com  CME, Fork Drive Gains  The price hit an all-time high of $7,592 early Monday after CME Group, one of the largest trading exchanges, announced plans to launch bitcoin futures trading by year’s end. The cryptocurrency has since gained more than $1,000.  Some analysts have said the  SegWit2x  bitcoin fork scheduled for Nov. 16 is also driving the price increase – temporarily. Trevor Koverko, CEO of Polymath, which specializes in cryptocurrency technology, said people could be purchasing bitcoin ahead of the SegWit2x fork in hopes of gaining additional bitcoin.  Koverko said smart traders are riding the pre-fork wave and will pull out before the fork.  The bitcoin community is divided over the SegWit2x fork since it could split bitcoin into two additional cryptocurrencies. There have already been two forks, Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin Gold. Another fork would double the number of coins for existing bitcoin holders.  Also read:  Prominent bitcoin trader: Price is heading towards $100,000 in 2018  Fork Could Hurt Bitcoin Price  Willy Woo, a cryptocurrency and bitcoin analyst well known for his contribution to WooBull.com,  has stated that the bitcoin price could suffer a major correction by the end of November , upon the SegWit2x hard fork.  Analysts including Woo and Tom Lee of Fundstrat have emphasized for months that the SegWIt2x hard fork could lead to a major price correction, as a small portion of bitcoin investors who have allocated their funds from alternative cryptocurrencies (altcoins) to bitcoin with the sole purpose of obtaining the newly created SegWit2x coins or B2X reallocate their funds back to altcoins.  Others have claimed it is unlikely that the price of bitcoin will suddenly crash after the fork, given that the market has had a relatively long period to prepare for the fork.  Bitcoin’s gains since June have steadily increased its dominance of the total cryptocurrency market, according to coinmarket.com. As of today, bitcoin accounted for 60.61% of all cryptocurrency, with Ethereum holding 14.34%. On June 15, bitcoin held 39.14% while Ethereum held 31.12%.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   How Crypto Can Change the Life Insurance Market Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story.  The application of Blockchain technology to nearly every major market is setting its sights on some of the biggest industries in the world. From the hotel industry to the field of mobile payments and beyond, Blockchains are being integrated into  economies worth trillions of dollars . Furthermore, Blockchain is bringing new possibilities to these markets and vastly increasing the potential revenue streams available.  Given how intertwined Blockchain technology is with fintech it is not surprising that banks and other financial institutions are reaping the initial benefits of this technology. But the next step of crypto ’s development is likely to be driven by the proliferation of smart contracts. One of the most promising applications of smart contracts is in insurance, where the rule-based automation afforded by smart contracts makes entirely new products possible.  Insurance policies are thus being dragged into the 21st century. But the insurance industry lacks the same trading possibilities as other financial instruments. Consider how debt, bonds, futures and other financial products are traded on markets, enabling owners and investors to profit and hedge from their use.  This is particularly true for life insurance policies. People with these policies often do not even know that if they want to (because of a need for a cash injection for example) they can sell on the policy to either the company they took it out with or a third party. In the case of a third party, they don ’t need to continue paying the premiums  – the new owner takes over the policy and gets a payout when the policy matures (the main source of revenue from the policy) or when original holder passes away.  Many policyholders do not widely know this, and those that do know are often dissuaded by a lack of transparency and low returns. Given the Blockchain-friendly nature of insurance as well as how well it can facilitate marketplaces, it is no surprise that some forward-thinking entrepreneurs are looking to apply Blockchain to the trillion-dollar life insurance policy market.  FidentiaX  is a Singapore-based crypto project that wants to achieve this with their upcoming launch.  The life insurance market  – a long way from optimality  The fact that most life insurance policyholders aren ’t even aware of the resell value of their policies says a lot about how ripe for disruption the industry is. But this is not the root of the issue. On a more fundamental level, the existing marketplace contains a lot of inefficiencies even when a customer wants to sell their policy. Not only is it heavily constrained by location, but there is also a lack of a means to link up  with different investors even in larger markets.  This is the primary issue that fidentiaX wants to address – addressing the inefficiencies of the market and our Blockchain powered marketplace allows secured and transparent transactions between buyers and sellers.  Aside from that, the life insurance market is hampered by accessibility issues. From an investor perspective, the means to start trading and investing in life insurance policies are almost non-existent outside of investing in an existing company. The regulatory barriers and inconvenience are simply too high.  Using Blockchain to make the process easier  Since insurance policies constitute well-structured and rule-based agreements, they are particularly suitable for enhancing with smart contract features and being listed on an online marketplace.  FidentiaX  want to leverage a ledger to allow users to compare offers from investors easily, investors to group and trade the policies they have invested in and all parties to communicate in a more transparent and hassle-free way.  Users will put up their policies for auction, and after purchasing the bidder can either choose to cash out the policy with the user’s insurance company or more commonly add it to their portfolio of investments. And furthermore, once a policy has been purchased by an investor they can allow other investors to view their portfolio to potentially make an offer. This is all enable d on  the fidentiaX Blockchain  using the fdX token.   FdX tokens are used for payment of membership fees and internally on the marketplace. Aside from this, the ISX token is a platform unified token used to facilitate trade since ISX is pegged to $1 to minimize FX risk and address money-laundering risks.  In order to stimulate the marketplace to begin with, the company is going to purchase and list a sizable amount of policies on the platform initially themselves.  A team with experience  In an industry where both users and investors are understandably wary about issues like security and reliability, it is important that a trustworthy team lead the way. The management of fidentiaX, headed by Douglas Goh and Alvin Ang, has more than 30 years ’ experience accumulated in the finance and insurance industries. Furthermore, being located in Singapore puts them in the ideal location to capitalize on the growth of life insurance resale market in East Asia which is set to boom in the next few years. The team has lofty goals for the platform, in their own words:  “ FidentiaX  is the world’s first marketplace for tradable insurance policies. Our vision is to create a trading marketplace and repository of insurance policies for the masses by leveraging Blockchain technology. This Blockchain-powered marketplace will provide a trustless, immutable, auditable and transparent environment to disrupt the status quo. ” The fidentiaX Crowd Token Contribution starts on Nov. 6th.  
DECREASE	   Zug-Based Blockchain P2P Trading Platform Trade.io Launches ICO on 7 November Twitter  This is a sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below. CCN does not endorse, nor is responsible for any material included below and isn’t responsible for any damages or losses connected with any products or services mentioned in content below.  Banks, advisors, markets, and record keepers are all part of an ecosystem that currently exploits investors by extracting enormous fees from them. Their ecosystem was damaged by the rise of cryptocurrencies and can now be disintermediated by an efficient, peer-to-peer blockchain-based platform.  Trade.io  may just be that platform, as it democratizes the markets and cuts down these fees using blockchain technology. Its trading exchange supports multiple asset classes, and couples it with investment banking and advisory expertise, while operating under a regulated environment.  The company, based in Zug, Switzerland, recently presented its team of experienced FinTech, finance, trading, and investment banking personalities. Some of its members were previous leaders in tech companies, startups, consulting firms, and senior managers at public companies, including NASDAQ. One of its members, Chien Lee, stands out due to China’s recent  ICO ban .  Following China’s crackdown on cryptocurrencies, most Chinese investors were barred from participating in ICOs and in the cryptocurrency ecosystem in general. Yet billionaire Chien Lee, chairman and CEO of NewCity Capital, and football club Nice FC co-owner, is seemingly defying the ban by joining Trade.io as a board member.  Notably, Trade.io is also introducing a pioneering peer-to-peer (P2P) trading platform where participants will be able to share in the profits of the exchange. They’ll be able to purchase TradeTokens (TIO) through their wallets in Trade.io’s upcoming ICO, or later on through the platform. These tokens will then be used to participate in the forthcoming liquidity pool, and poten tially give them a share of the pool’s profits based on performance. They’ll be the ecosystem’s currency providing users with the wealth it distributes.  On the project’s potential, Jim Preissler, Trade.io’s CEO, was recently quoted as saying:  “This is not just about distributed technology… it’s about distributed wealth through our peer-to-peer shared liquidity pool. We intend to seed the liquidity pool with approximately $50 million cash, as well as 50 million TradeTokens. All participants will share 50/50 from our seed contribution as well. The time has come where people take back control of capital markets and rej ect the status quo.”  Essentially, Trade.io’s goal is to distribute wealth using decentralized technology, by becoming a leading platform for trading blockchain-based financial assets. By distributing wealth, Trade.io empowers people to do more and become more, as they’ll have resources to materialize great ideas, instead of just letting them sit in their minds. Chien Lee is seemingly a believer, as  he’s defying China’s crackdown to be a part of it.   Trade.io is launching its ICO, in which 275 million TradeTokens (TIO) will be sold, from November 22, 2017 until November 29, 2017. Until then, early adopters can participate in its Pre-ICO starting November 7, and have a chance to buy tokens at a discounted price. Industry analysts predict the ICO will sell out, so potential investors are advised to start following the project  to take advantage of the opportunity while it is available.  You can keep up with the project by following it on  Facebook  and  Twitter , and by joining the discussion on  Telegram . Users are advised to thoroughly  read the project’s whitepaper .  
DECREASE	   Milking Investment for Russian Agriculture through ICOs Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  There is a shortage of food production in Russia today, which has caused the demand for farms and other such producers to skyrocket. However, setting up a farm is no easy feat, despite being a profitable business, and even investment.   Banks do not make things any more easy for people and businesses trying to help alleviate the demand for food stuffs. Loans require collateral, and unfortunately, for a farm, its biggest collateral is not accepted  – land.   This has prompted Khokholskaya Agricultural Company to look a little to the future, as they hope to  launch MilkCoin , a cryptocurrency ICO that will fund a dairy farm in the Voronezh region of Russia.  Decentralized investment  The agricultural company is looking to the Blockchain to provide them with funding for a massive, and necessary, dairy farm. But at the same time, they are hoping to be a profitable investment thanks to the power of the Blockchain.   By decentralizing the process, the dairy farm will be able to be funded in a crowdsourced style as people will have the opportunity to invest in agriculture. Khokholskaya believe that because of the high demand, and even to the fact that the  Russian Government is backing such projects, their farm will be a success .  MilkCoin is therefore aiming to be a company that creates a fully functioning dairy farm which allows investors into their Ethereum-based coin, to receive dividends and profits.  MilkCoin  believes that by bypassing the banks, and fully decentralizing this process, they will be able to reach their goals as well as make their investors happy.   Getting the Milk out  Khokholskaya are a well established firm, unlike most companies that launch an ICO, which are usually startups. They’ve been in operation since 2009 and already have invested over $10 mln into the project over the past few years.  In this time, the agricultural company have had their experiences with getting farms up and running, and thus know what to aim for. They have four steps which include adding machinery, reconstructing the feed elevators, as well as building the animal feed mills, and then bringing in the dairy cows.  The company already has the land  – which was useless for collateral, but is a good 3,500 hectare space in which the farm will be constructed.   High dividend  MilkCoin  seem to think they have what it takes to launch more than just an ICO, but a lucrative one. They claim that because of the high demand, once the funds are received, they will be on their way to dishing out annual dividends as high as 70 percent.   They also believe that there could be quarterly three percent pay outs and that the token buyback may reach as high as $1.20.  They also add credibility by securing their initiators for this ICO out of Liechtenstein. Because of this European-based businesses backing, the  MilkCoin team  feel they can produce an ICO that is also reliable and secure.   
DECREASE	   Esports.com Raises over 5 Million Euros in Ongoing ICO Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  eSports, a decentralized gaming ecosystem for gamers by gamers , has announced the sale of its Ethereum-based token, ERT. The token sale has  already raised over 5 million Euro .  ERT is a new token standard for the esports community and the default currency for a one-stop, blockchain platform ecosystem. The ecosystem consists of a game, hardware,in-game items, and merchandise marketplace where gamers can securely buy and sell. Participants can also place bets on their favourite esports team and game, or opt for the exclusive esports training university.  This unique university includes guides, tutorials and coaching lessons from users and professional players across the globe.   The global volume for eSports betting exceeded 5 Billion Euros in 2016. This volume is expected to grow up to 45 Billion Euros by 2020. Current projections show a growth in eSports fans to more than 600 million by 2020 from the 350 Million eSports Fans by the end of 2017.  Speaking on the need for such a unifying service for this emerging market, chief esports officer and co-founder Benjamin Föckersperger says:   “ Never has there been a platform where gamers and fans can share, curate and enjoy cool content together, or even participate in and contribute to esports events. There will be a shop for your favourite esports team’s merchandise as well as hardware, chairs, coaching lessons, or betting on your favourite team. You decide which offers you want to participate in and which you don’ t like. All our users can participate in creating content for those areas by writing guides or producing videos. They get paid in ERT for their contribution which can be cashed out from ERT to FIAT (i.e. traditional currency) through several exchanges or our site at the current value of ERT for that day and time.”  To this end, the company has been highly involved in networking with potential partners inside and out of the eSports economy to create mutually beneficial solutions. Over the last 6 months, the company has been in contact with top-tier media companies and major players in the eSports industry including Bet90, SBTech, SportsBookCloud, Pro7 Sat1 Media. The company has also been  cooperating with relevant gambling authorities and will be implementing all legally required know your customer procedures (KYC) for full compliance. This will help ensure the protection of player funds, prevention of underage gambling and fraud.   Built on smart contracts, ERT tokens is the gateway currency to esports tokenized ecosystem, powering everything from innovative players reward system to betting, exclusive contents, premium subscription tiers, and shopping.   The current public ICO event has a soft cap of €2 Million which has already been reached. The hard cap for the ICO has been set at €20 Million, which will enable the launching of the eSports University. The university includes a physical gaming house in Berlin, as well as two teams: one for CS:GO and one for LoL.  The first mock up screenshots of the product, as well as an interactive prototype, have now been made available. Participate in the ICO now at  https://esports.com  Find out more at:  https://esports.com  Join the Discussion on Telegram: https://telegram.me/esportsert  Follow on Facebook:   https://www.facebook.com/esportsdotcom  
DECREASE	   SEC: Celebrity ICO Endorsements ‘Potentially Unlawful’ Twitter  The U.S. Securities and Commission (SEC) has issued a public statement that calls celebrity ICO endorsements “potentially unlawful” and warns that celebrities who improperly promote security tokens may be liable for violating federal securities laws.  The  statement , which is attributed to the SEC Division of Enforcement and the SEC Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations, states that celebrity ICO endorsements potentially violate securities regulations because they do not properly disclose source and amount of any compensation paid in exchange for the endorsement.  “These endorsements may be unlawful if they do not disclose the nature, source, and amount of any compensation paid, directly or indirectly, by the company in exchange for the endorsement. ”  This is significant news because, as CCN has reported, ICOs have hired a myriad of celebrities to endorse their ICOs and promote them on social media, including household names like boxing legend  Floyd Mayweather , actor and recording artist  Jamie Foxx , rapper  The Game , and football star  Luis Suarez .  While the SEC has not issued specific guidance on ICOs, it stated earlier this year that tokens from  The DAO , an infamous early ICO that resulted in the creation of Ethereum Classic, were securities and that other ICO tokens may fall under securities laws, too.  In this latest announcement, the SEC affirms that any individual who promotes an ICO token that is deemed a security under federal law must disclose the exact nature, scope, and amount of compensation they receive in exchange for endorsing the ICO. Otherwise, the promoter may violate the anti-touting and anti-fraud provisions of federal securities laws, making them liable for a cting as “unregistered brokers”.  The statement continues:  “Any celebrity or other individual who promotes a virtual token or coin that is a security must disclose the nature, scope, and amount of compensation received in exchange for the promotion.  A failure to disclose this information is a violation of the anti-touting provisions of the federal securities laws.  Persons making these endorsements may also be liable for potential vio lations of the anti-fraud provisions of the federal securities laws, for participating in an unregistered offer and sale of securities, and for acting as unregistered brokers. ”  Kathryn Haun, a former federal prosecutor at the Justice Department who currently sits on the Coinbase board of directors,  tweeted  that she believes the SEC is “laying the groundwork” to bring charges related to these endorsements. “My bet is they’ve already got cases opened and are working on them as we speak,“ she concluded.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Google Kicks Malicious Bitcoin Exchange Apps from Play Store Twitter  According to a recent  report  published by cybersecurity firm ESET, two malicious Android apps were recently removed from the Google Play store, as these were made to look like the official app of popular cryptocurrency exchange  Poloniex  in an attempt to obtain user credentials and, presumably, steal funds.  The apps, in what was essentially a  phishing  scam, took advantage of Poloniex not having an official mobile application and having a mobile optimized website. They used Poloniex’s logo and visual identity to fake being an official app, and once credentials were stolen they merely redirected users to the exchange’s mobile website.  Out of the two, the most popular app was named “POLONIEX,” was created by a developer named “Poloniex,” and managed to get as many as 5,000 users to install it. It was available on Google Play for about a month before being removed.  The other app, named “POLONIEX EXCHANGE” was published by “POLONEX COMPANY” and only got as many as 500 installs before being removed. After finding about the existence of these apps, ESET informed Google – which removed them – and Poloniex.  Both apps worked the same way. After being launched, they would ask users to enter their Poloniex login credentials on a phishing page, and then sent users a fake Google prompt, asking them to sign in to their Google Account, for a “two-step security check” that asked for permission to view the user’s email messages, settings, and basic profile information.  Entering their credentials gave the app’s admins enough to takeover a user’s account, and giving the app permissions through the false  Google  prompt allowed them to freely transact on the stolen accounts, as they could then delete security emails about unauthorized logins or withdrawals. ESETs post reads:  “With access to the user’s Poloniex account as well as to the associated Gmail account, the attackers can make transactions using the compromised account and erase any notifications about unauthorized login and transactions from the victim’s inbox.”   Notably, users who set up two-factor authentication (2FA) and who may have fallen for the phishing scams should be safe, as the bad actors couldn’t access user’s Google Authenticator apps. Nevertheless, it is advised that they revoke the granted access, and that they immediately change their Google and Poloniex passwords.  Other malicious Poloniex apps  ETHNews noted that a  third fraudulent Poloniex app  may be available on the  Google Play  store. It’s called “Poloniex – Bitcoin/Digital Asset Exchange” and is offered by a developer dubbed “MIT Service.” As the outlet notes, there’s no reason to believe that the Massachusetts Institute of Technology is affiliated with it. It already has between 1,000 and 5,000 downloads, and also mirrors Poloniex’s mobile website.  In the past, other fake Poloniex apps have been spotted on other platforms, so much so that the exchange’s operators warned users not to use them.   WARNING: We 've received reports of a phishing email that links to an impostor site offering a Poloniex desktop application. It is malicious.  — Poloniex Exchange (@Poloniex)  May 31, 2016   To stay safe, ESET advised users to make sure the services they use do offer a mobile app, to always pay attention to app ratings and reviews, and to use 2FA. Moreover, users should be cautious of Google prompts as cybercriminals have been known to take advantage of Google’s trustworthy reputation.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   This Trojan Malware Stole $160,000 in Bitcoin From Victim ’s Wallets Twitter  A new CryptoShuffler Trojan has been discovered that steals cryptocurrency from wallets by replacing the address with its own in the clipboard of the device, reported  Kaspersky Lab , which discovered the malware.  Fraudsters using CryptoShuffler Trojan have already stolen 23 BTC, worth around $140,000, from wallets. The creator of the malware has been operating for a year, targeting  bitcoin , Ethereum, Dash,  Monero , Dash and other cryptocurrencies, according to Kaspersky Lab.  The “clipboard hijacking” technique has been witnessed previously, targeting online payment systems. Attacks on cryptocurrency are not common.  How It Works  The CryptoShuffler attacks commonly used transaction processes. The Trojan monitors the clipboard of the targeted victim ’s device. When making a payment, the owner of the infected device copies a recipient’s wallet identification number and pastes it in the destination address line in the software they use to make the transaction. The victim doesn’t know the Trojan replaces their wallet address with the one the malware owns.  When the victim pastes the wallet identification to the destination address line, they are not sending the money to the intended destination but to that of the fraudster. The process takes milliseconds.  Cryptocurrency users do not normally check their multi-digit numbers when making payments.  Also read:  Bitcoin payment processor BitPay warns against Trojan virus  Sergey Yunakovsky, Kaspersky Lab’s malware analyst, said people considering making cryptocurrency investments need to protect their investments carefully.  Kaspersky Lab also advises cryptocurrency users to pay close attention and check the wallet number listed in the destination address line when making payments. They should also be aware of the difference between an invalid address and an incorrect one. An invalid address will be detected and the transaction will not be completed. An incorrect one will be completed and the user  will lose their money.  Users can also protect themselves using a security feature that scans for vulnerabilities known to be exploited by fraudsters.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Australian Bitcoin Scams are up 126% in a Week: Consumer Watchdog Twitter  As bitcoin price hits unprecedented heights this week, Bitcoin-related scams are also on the rise according to an Australian government study.  The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC), an independent Australian government authority tasked to enforce consumer protection laws, has pointed to a marked uptick in bitcoin-related scams in the country. Through ‘Scamwatch’, the authority provides an overview of fraud and scam-related trends taking shape in the country by collaborating with various state and territory consumer protection agencies and other government agencies.  In a social media  post  yesterday, Scamwatch pointed to 77 reports by users pointing bitcoin-related scams last week.   Here’s a snapshot of current and emerging scams targeting Australians, based on reports to Scamwatch last week  pic.twitter.com/fyqkGXt1DN  — Scamwatch_gov_au (@Scamwatch_gov)  November 1, 2017   The uptick in bitcoin-related scams by fraudsters is predictable at a time of rampant retail investor interest in the world’s most prominent cryptocurrency. On Thursday, bitcoin price hit a new all-time high  just under $7.000 , a staggering 600% value gain for the cryptocurrency since the turn of the year.  Australian authorities are currently in the process of  revising existing laws  to include bitcoin exchanges under a regulatory purview, a move that brings the industry under the scope of Australian legislation for the first time. Unregistered operators of digital currency exchanges will be held liable to a number of civil penalties, as per the revised ‘bitcoin bill’ that is currently being  fast-tracked  by the Australian Parliament.  When passed, the bill will bestow enhanced powers to the Australian Transactions and Reporting Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC), the country’s financial watchdog, whose chief executive will be able to “make rules to expand or narrow the scope of the digital currency definition.”  Further, a new designated authority tasked to register and regulate cryptocurrency exchanges in Australia will also be established within six months of the bill’s enforcement.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Newsflash: Rampant Bitcoin Price Breaks Beyond $6,900 Twitter  Bitcoin price continues to soar as the spot trading value of the cryptocurrency in exchanges around the world punches near $6,949.  Bitcoin price blew past $6,900 in the early hours of trading on Thursday, hitting yet another record high for the second consecutive day in November.   USD trading on Bitfinex touched a new all-time high of $6,949 at 06:00 (UTC) on Thursday while the global average climbed to a peak high of $6,979 due to premiums in major markets like Korea. At press time, the Korean market is showing a spread of over $300 compared to other major global bitcoin markets as retail investors continue to pile in at a time when the world’s first cryptocurrency is  due to be integrated  by the CME Group, the world’s largest exchange owner. Announced earlier on Tuesday, CME ’s plans to list bitcoin futures contracts is widely believed to be the  single biggest factor  driving the current bitcoin rally.   As  reported  by CCN earlier, minor factors include ‘rumors surrounding the possibility of the Chinese government resuming cryptocurrency trading after the reelection of President Xi Jinping later this year, the decline in support for the SegWit2x hard fork in November, and the strong performance of the Japanese market’ in recent weeks and months.  The total value of all 16.659 million bitcoins mined (against a limit of 21 million) has now hit $115 billion. If bitcoin was dropped into the world’s M1 (liquid money metric) scale on the  CIA global list , it would rank at #34 with more circulating cash than the likes of Turkey and Brazil.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Politician Ron Paul is Worried Big Brother is Spying on Your Bitcoin Transactions Twitter  Former U.S. representative and presidential candidate Ron Paul is concerned about the government’s ability to monitor cryptocurrency usage.  Ron Paul Worried Big Brother Can Spy on Bitcoin  Paul, a retired Republican lawmaker with strong libertarian leanings, has long advocated that the U.S. should return its currency to the gold standard. Although many small-government advocates are fans of bitcoin, Paul has historically expressed skepticism  — despite the fact that fans created a  now-defunct altcoin  in his honor. In a recent interview, he told financial news outlet  TheStreet  that this year’s rapid bitcoin price rally has not yet convinced him to trade his gold bars for bitcoins.   Paul conceded that he does not understand the technology behind cryptocurrency, but he says he not consider it to be money or a store of value since it is not backed by the gold standard. He also expressed concern that the government can easily track cryptocurrency usage:  “There is too much surveillance already on how the currencies are transferred, [how] the reports have to be made by the exchanges to the IRS,” said Paul, now the Chief Ambassador for Goldco  — an investment firm that also offers a Cryptocurrency IRA. “If it is a really good deal and a good process rest assured the government will be looking at it very carefully…it makes me very nervous.”   Those fears are not unfounded. As CCN  reported , the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has actively contracted with a blockchain analysis firm to help them unmask U.S. citizens who are not paying taxes on their bitcoin investments and transactions. However, the activation of Segregated Witness (SegWit) is expected to facilitate the creation of technologies that will provide bitcoin users with increased privacy. Additionally, several altcoins  — most notably monero and zcash  — were developed with anonymity as a chief priority.  Government Should  ‘Stay Out ’ of Bitcoin  In any case, Paul added that he is a proponent of competing currencies, and he thinks that people should have the ability to choose their own medium of exchange as long as there is no fraud involved.  “If the people want it and want to use it, the government should stay out of it,” he concluded.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Zimbabwean Exchange ’s Monthly Bitcoin Volume Hits $1 Million Twitter  Bitcoin is increasingly becoming a store of value in Zimbabwe as inflation starts to creep up and prices sky-rocket, with investors ditching monetary assets, experts said this week as the price of the crypto-currency skyrocketed.  Zimbabwe is battling foreign currency shortages and this has resulted in a crippling liquidity crisis. Bitcoin has emerged as a popular store of value and the Golix exchange platform for bitcoin in Zimbabwe says it handled bitcoin transactions worth $1 million during the month of October 2017.  Bitcoin prices in Zimbabwe have skyrocketed to $12490 by Thursday morning compared to global averages of about $6000. There is high anticipation that the price of bitcoin will continue to rise in Zimbabwe as more and more people embrace it owing to difficulties in effecting international payments.  “There is inflation setting in in Zimbabwe and bitcoin is an interesting store of value,” Taurai Chinyamakobvu, a tech and blockchain expert in the country, told CCN.  Officials at the Golix trading platform in Zimbabwe say demand for bitcoin has been soaring. The exchange only facilitates trade and officials say sellers of bitcoin in Zimbabwe accept mobile money and bank transfers.  Yeukai Kusangaya who facilitates trade deals at Golix told CCN in an interview this week that “there is more demand than supply” of bitcoins in Zimbabwe at the moment. The demand is spurred by difficulties in effecting international payments. Banks and mobile money platforms have disabled Visa and MasterCard credit and debit cards for international payments and this has left ma ny people in Zimbabwe stranded.  “Bitcoin can be used to pay for vehicle imports and to purchase goods on e-commerce sites such as Amazon,” said Kusangaya.  Other experts in Zimbabwe say bitcoin, although susceptible to volatility, is a safer bet in terms of investment. Others even tout it as safer than gold in terms of value appreciation. But there are worries over lack of regulation by governments although some jurisdictions may be moving to regulate bitcoin trade.  “There is no owner or controlling body for bitcoin. Every transaction done online is visible to all traders in bitcoin,” Pardon Gatsi, a tech expert based in Harare, the capital city of Zimbabwe, told CCN.  Banks in Zimbabwe frequently run out of notes and coins and the introduction of bitcoin has been some solution amid reports that some companies are now embracing bitcoin for payments for software among other goods and services.  Traders and those seeking to effect international payments will be hoping that bitcoin price remains high and that the central bank or other government authorities do not move in to regulate the crypto-currency.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Pastor Sentenced to Five Years for Aiding An Illegal Bitcoin Exchange Twitter  A New Jersey pastor has been sentenced to five years in prison after being found guilty of attempting to aid an illegal bitcoin exchange evade scrutiny from banks and regulators.  Trevon Gross, 47, was sentenced on Monday by U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan in Manhattan, reports  Reuters . He was also ordered to pay a $12,000 fine.  The bitcoin exchange involved in the case was Coin.mx. Back in March 2016 it was reported that Gross, the former chairman of a now-defunct Jackson, N.J. federal credit union,   was  charged with accepting $150,000 in bribes  from the bitcoin exchange to turn the credit union ’s functions over to the operators of Coin.mx.  According to court records, Gross is alleged to have conspired with Anthony Murgio, who operated Coin.mx and Yuri Lebedev, the exchange’s computer operations manager, to fund the exchange’s operations. In November 2015, Murgio had initially  pleaded not guilty  to money laundering in a Manhattan court room.  From October 2013 to July 2015, the illegal bitcoin exchange exchanged millions of dollars for bitcoins from U.S. customers. Reports suggest that Murgio and others miscoded debit and credit card transactions and then limiting the amount of dollars of individual transactions to trick banks into completing the transactions.  Lebedev and Murgio also operated a front business to launder the exchange’s proceeds, called the Collectables Club.  However, in order to evade scrutiny, Lebedev and Murgio took control of the credit union by supplying Gross with handsome bribes.  Aside from this, Coin.mx has also been linked to a  security breach at JPMorgan , which took place in 2014 that exposed the accounts of 100 million people. The result of which led to charges against nine people. Murgio, Lebedev and Gross were not accused of hacking, but Gary Shalon, who owned Coin.mx, is alleged to have been behind it.  According to Reuters, Shalon, along with Joshua Samuel Aaron, undertook cyberattacks that resulted in the theft of information from 100 million people. Prosecutors says that the two carried out the hacks to bolster additional schemes with Ziv Orenstein. These included pumping up stock prices with promotional emails.  Shalon, Aaron and Orenstein have pleaded not guilty to the criminal charges.  Accused of working through a front called Collectables Club, Lebedev was  sentenced to 16 months  at the end of October. In January, Murgio  pleaded guilty  and was sentenced to  five and a half years  in June. Gross ’s sentencing to five years in prison is the latest from the Coin.mx scandal.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   $7,150: Bitcoin Price Hits New All-Time High; $10,000 by 2017 ’s End? Twitter  Earlier today, on November 2, the bitcoin price achieved a new all-time high at $7,150, entering the $7,000 region for the first time in history.   In the past three days, the market has shown absolute confidence in the mid-term trend and performance of bitcoin, given the announcement of CME, the largest options exchange in the world, to launch a bitcoin futures exchange by the end of 2017, and the increased probability of the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) approving a bitcoin ETF by mid-2018.  Importance of Bitcoin Futures and ETFs  Trillions of dollars are currently being stored in offshore banking accounts and wealth management products (WMPs). But, institutional investors, retail and high profile traders cannot directly invest in bitcoin due to regulatory frameworks established by US financial authorities.   Bitcoin options, derivatives, and futures exchanges will allow investors to allocate “money on the sidelines” to bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market, through strictly regulated channels such as LedgerX and CME’s futures exchange.  Already, the team behind LedgerX revealed that it had processed more than $1 million worth of bitcoin derivatives and futures trades in the first week of its operation, during a period in which the company was not expecting to process minimal volumes of trades to test the system and the exchange.  It is entirely possible that hundreds of billions of dollars could become allocated into bitcoin in the mid-term, at least in the upcoming years, which could allow bitcoin to evolve into a trillion dollar market cap. Evidently, the market has been confident in the mid-term trend of bitcoin, as the bitcoin price surpassed the $7,100 mark this week.  Terry Duffy, CME Group Chairman and CEO, stated that the institution has seen drastic surge in the demand for bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market, and decided to offer a futures exchange to address that demand. Duffy said >  “Given increasing client interest in the evolving cryptocurrency markets, we have decided to introduce a bitcoin futures contract. As the world ’s largest regulated FX marketplace, CME Group is the natural home for this new vehicle that will provide investors with transparency, price discovery and risk transfer capabilities. ”  More to that, CBOE, one of the largest options exchange in the US alongside CME, also announced that it had secured a partnership with leading US-based cryptocurrency exchange Gemini to launch bitcoin derivatives in the near future.  WIth LedgerX, CME, and CBOE futures exchanges operating the next few months, bitcoin ETFs will likely be approved by the US SEC and lead the bitcoin price to the interim target of prominent analysts like Max Keiser, who have predicted the price of bitcoin to reach $10,000 in the short-term.  Is $10,000 Within 2017 Possible?  As did Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin Gold, the SegWit2x hard fork on November 16 will likely cause the bitcoin price to endure a minor correction, specifically a few days before and after the fork. But, there are also minor factors that could contribute to the bitcoin price achieving the $10,000 target. Rumors around the Chinese government’s possibility of resuming cryptocurrency trading has resurfaced, and South Korea’s bitcoin market has been growing exponentially in the past month.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   $194 Billion: Bitcoin Price Rally Launches Crypto Market Cap Into the Stratosphere Twitter  The bitcoin price stampede reached another milestone on Thursday, leaping above $7,000 with ease to set a new all-time high above $7,350. This record rally has launched the total cryptocurrency market cap to a new all-time high of its own, placing it in position to crack the $200 billion barrier within the near future.  Source: CoinMarketCap  On Wednesday, bitcoin carried the crypto market cap across the $185 billion threshold, enabling it to finally surpass the all-time high it set at the beginning of September before hostile Chinese regulators initiated a market downturn. The advance continued on Thursday, and the crypto market cap spiked as high as $194.4 billion before settling down to a present value of $190.7 billion.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Goes Berserk  It is not an exaggeration to say that bitcoin has single-handedly lifted the crypto market cap to its present height. Bitcoin ’s market cap has swelled by approximately $40 billion over the past month, while the combined market caps of all other cryptocurrencies have actually posted a net decline. Bitcoin ’s bull run has at times appeared unstoppable, as evidenced by its Thursday morning surge. Still riding investor optimism over CME Group ’s announcement that it will list  bitcoin futures contracts  on its derivatives exchange, the bitcoin price leaped past $7,000 to set a new all-time high of $7,367. Despite experiencing a $500 flash crash immediately after reaching this peak, the bitcoin price quickly recovered to $7,000 and is currently trading at a global average of $7,061. Bitcoin now has a market $117.6 billion market cap.     Bitcoin Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Ethereum Price Erodes  The bitcoin price rally has left ethereum struggling to tread water, and on Thursday the ethereum price experienced a 4% dip to $288. Over the course of the past week, ethereum ’s value against bitcoin has declined by 20%, reducing ETH/BTC to a seven-month low. Nevertheless, ethereum retains a market cap of $27.5 billion, securing its status as the second-largest cryptocurrency by a considerable margin.  Ethereum Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Cash Price Leads the Altcoin Pack  The vast majority of top-tier altcoins experienced moderate price declines on Thursday, although both bitcoin cash and bitconnect managed to swim against the current.  Source: CoinMarketCap  The bitcoin cash price continued its  rapid advance , rising 14% to $563 in a bid to cement its status as the third-largest cryptocurrency. At present, bitcoin cash has a $9.4 billion market cap, placing it within striking distance of the $10 billion mark  — a mark it may achieve if the rally continues leading up to its  much-anticipated hard fork  on November 13.  Bitcoin Cash Price Chart | Source: CoinMarketCap  Ripple and dash each posted declines of 3%, reducing their prices to $0.192 and $266, respectively. The litecoin price dropped 4%, placing it at risk of falling below $50. Bitconnect, now ranked seventh, rose 8%, placing it just a few dollars away from reaching price parity with dash. NEO, on the other hand, plunged 9% to $25, and NEM followed closely behind with an 8% decline of its own. Monero rounded out the top 10 with a 4% dip to $83.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Tests $7,000 Following Flash Crash Twitter  The bitcoin price continued to test $7,000 on Thursday following a $500 flash crash earlier in the day.  Bitcoin Price Recovers From Flash Crash  As CCN reported, an exuberant Thursday-morning trading frenzy  raised the bitcoin price above $7,000  for the first time. Not content with that level, the bitcoin price surged another $350 on the heels of massive buy pressure at bitcoin exchange Bitfinex, topping out above $7,350 to set a new all-time high.  Immediately following this rush, the bitcoin price fell prey to a  flash crash , and it plunged to near $6,850 within ten minutes and eventually tapered off to $6,753.  BTC Price Chart | Source: BitcoinWisdom  However, the bitcoin price turned a corner and quickly recovered to $6,900, and it has spent the remainder of the day trading above that level and surpassing the $7,000 mark on multiple exchanges. Fueled by significant premiums at Korean exchange Bithumb, the bitcoin price is currently trading at a global average of $7,009. This represents a 24-hour increase of 6% and gives bitcoin a $116.7 billion market cap.  Source: CoinMarketCap  Analysis  There is no clear explanation for the flash crash, but it is likely a large-scale trader was taking profits following the bitcoin price ’s record-setting week. At the time of the crash, bitcoin had appreciated close to $1,000 over the course of the previous 24 hours, so it is not surprising that the rally halted when it did.  Nevertheless, the bitcoin price demonstrated resilience following the flash crash, and its quick recovery is evidence of investor and trader optimism about derivatives exchange operator CME Group ’s announcement earlier this week that it will provide institutional traders with access to  bitcoin futures contracts  as early as this year. The launch of bitcoin futures is widely expected to lead to the first Bitcoin ETF, an exchange-traded fund that will hold bitcoin futures contracts.  Some Wall Street investors are concerned that making Bitcoin ETFs available to retail investors is  “ playing with fire ” and could lead to a repeat of last decade ’s financial crisis, but the prevailing view among industry analysts is that the introduction of bitcoin futures will greatly increase liquidity within the bitcoin ecosystem and will help the flagship cryptocurrency mature as a financial asset.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Roller Coaster Hits $7,350, Flash Crashes Below $6,800 Twitter  Not content with hitting the $7,000 milestone, bitcoin price struck a new all-time high of $7,350 before a flash-crash knocked nearly $600 off its value.  The world’s first and most prominent cryptocurrency is firmly in dizzying, unprecedented heights as bitcoin breaks another price record for yet another consecutive day. On Thursday’s bullish trading, prices peaked at a new all-time high of $7,350 on Bitfinex at 11:10 (UTC). Moments later, trading value pancaked in a ten-minute plunge to knock price down to $6,869. A short-lived recovery saw trading climb back above $7,000.  The downward trend continued as trading value scaled down to $6,753.  At press time, bitcoin price is back up again and trading to the dollar at $6,900.   Since the turn of November yesterday, bitcoin’s price has seen a spread of nearly $900. Despite losing nearly 3.5% in the last hour, bitcoin price is up 5% on the day and nearly 18% over a 7-day period, according to data from CoinmarketCap. The cryptocurrency’s market cap remains above $115 million, while the overall market cap for cryptocurrencies touched a new record high above $190 billion fueled by bitcoin’s gains earlier today.  Developing…Stay tuned for today ’s market analysis.  
DECREASE	   Blockchain in Gaming Will Prevent Fraud, Enhance Security and Provide a Level Playing Ground for Developers Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story.  One property of the blockchain that has contributed immensely towards its growth in and popularity, but not often mentioned among other more technical properties is its ability to eliminate discrimination and unfair advantage between users on the platform.  In most technology-based industries, especially where the markets are huge and enormous, bigger players have always found a way to create a very costly entry point. This automatically shuts out the multitude of smaller competitors, thereby allowing them to retain the monopoly in which they operate. Implementing blockchain technology in such areas will always bring significant r elief for majority of the participants.  A huge but faulty market  The gaming industry is very large in terms of market size. The video game industry brings in $100 billion US dollars per annum via microtransactions, pay per game purchase, DLC’s (additional downloadable content), in-game advertising and subscription services. The 2017 global games market is valued at $108.9 billion, representing an increase of 7.8% or $7.8 billion from the yea r before. This market size is enough to warrant a closer look on the operations and dealings within the ecosystem.  The existing centralized game management systems appear faulty in so many ways. For example, when players submit their information whether it be a username, password, credit card number, bank account info, etc, that data is then stored and controlled by the gaming company. User’s trust the company to store this data securely and appropriately. Often, this results in deceptive b usiness practices, fraud, and theft.  Existing threats and blockchain solutions  External threats from hackers are also causes for concern as having information stored in a particular place makes it an easy target for both software and hardware breaching.   These threats are some of the reasons for the current setbacks in the gaming industry as several gamers, who are predominantly tech savvy are reluctant in participating in such an unsafe environment.  Riding on the back of blockchain technology,  Game Protocol , a decentralized blockchain gaming startup is creating a platform that will enable a transparent, secure and available to all.  This platform will enable developers to create, advertise, and distribute trustworthy and transparent Decentralized Automated Games (DAGs).  A level playing ground for all  GameProtocol’s DAG is completely built on smart contracts and the code is open and accessible to everyone and players can at anytime check them for bugs or scam.  Every aspect of DAG is completely automated, therefore gamers will not be exposed to manipulation by any central authorities, neither can their data be used in an unauthorized manner.  Like other industries, independent developers suffer a lot of challenges that cut across Lack of funding, publicity and limited resources.In an ecosystem where they have to compete with mainstream developers that work with multi-million dollar budgets, which assist them in having a large development team, high end technology (such as motion capture tech) and a marketing/PR team  with millions in their budget. Independent developers rarely stand a chance with their little to no funding, very small team, basic technology and no marketing team.   By implementing blockchain decentralized technology, Game Protocol provides a level playing ground where developers can submit their projects, raise funds for development through community efforts that are transparent and secure.  Evenly distributed revenue  This platform eliminates all forms of bias that currently exists in the centralized systems where only established companies go home with the cheese. This will be encouraged through the  Shared Distribution Funds concept, where all of the wealth created from the games is shared evenly between the developers and gamers thus creating a truly decentralized gaming environment.  Gone are the days when games were played just for the fun of it and used as only as a tool for recreational purposes. Emerging technologies are turning the gaming environment into a viable socio-economic environment where careers are being developed not just for game creators and developers, but for several other attached profession including the game players themselves.    
DECREASE	   The Slippening: Ethereum Price Falls to 7-Month Low Against Bitcoin Twitter  The ethereum price has plunged to a seven-month low against the value of bitcoin.  Ethereum Price Falls to 7-Month Low Against BTC  The past two months have been disappointing for ethereum investors. Since nearing $400 at the beginning of September, the ethereum price has demonstrated an inability to mount a sustained rally past $300, even as bitcoin has achieved all-time highs on an almost weekly basis.  Ethereum did make some movement on Thursday, but it was not in the direction investors would prefer. The ethereum price fell 6% as traders liquidated their holdings to add more fuel to bitcoin ’s bull run, temporarily forcing it below $280 although it has since recovered to about $290.  Source: Bitfinex  However, the situation appears far more dire after examining the ETH/BTC price trend. It is no secret that bitcoin has been consolidating its position as the dominant cryptocurrency; at present, bitcoin controls nearly 63% of the total crypto market cap, and that number has been steadily rising over the past few weeks. However, ethereum came dangerously close to achieving the  “Flippening ”  — raising its market cap above that of bitcoin and becoming the largest cryptocurrency  — so one might have expected it to prove to be more resilient than the legion of altcoins with much smaller market caps. This has not been the case.   ETH Price Chart (USD  & BTC) | Source: CoinMarketCap At present, ethereum is trading at approximately 0.04 BTC. The last time ethereum was valued so low against the price of bitcoin was the last week of April, when the ethereum price was just $50. Moreover, it is roughly one-fourth of ETH/BTC ’s all-time high, which topped out at close to 0.16 BTC in mid-June.  Hope on the Horizon  Nevertheless, while ethereum ’s short-term performance has fizzled, investors have reason to remain bullish on the platform ’s long-term prospects. Though overshadowed by the massive bitcoin price rise, this week ’s Devcon3 conference will likely shed some light on the cryptocurrency ’s future.  On Wednesday Vitalik Buterin laid out a multi-year roadmap that explains some of the issues facing the platform  — most notably scalability  — and how developers intend to address them. Moreover, Vlad Zamfir  released a draft  of a whitepaper for Casper, the proof-of-stake consensus mechanism that developers have been previewing for some time now. Many of the projects that are being discussed at Devcon3 will take months or years to accomplish, so it is too early to predict when the ethereum price will turn a corner. However, current investors should continue to look to the future with optimism.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Third Generation Cryptocurrency Skycoin Announces Updates Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the content below.  Focused on implementing Satoshi Nakamoto’s original vision for true decentralization, Skycoin has announced a series of updates as it draws closer to achieving its goals. The update includes a new mobile wallet, logo and website.   In 2013, the team behind Skycoin recognized that the Bitcoin network could no longer achieve true decentralization due to the considerable power and influences exerted on the network by large mining groups. Four years later, little has changed. These influences have grown in dominance and strength, evidenced by the recent hard forks and proposed network splits.   Skycoin’s foresight has enabled it develop a new consensus algorithm to achieve true decentralization and solve the still outstanding technical issues associated with Bitcoin  Despite its recent successes as the first cryptocurrency, Bitcoin is still dogged by the same problems that has plagued it since development. These problems include:        Dependency on human element in the network operation       Slow transaction speed       Network bloat       Signature constraints       External dependencies that create security concerns       51% attack vulnerability  Built from the ground up and operating  on a Web of Trust instead of PoW/PoS Algorithm, Obelisk is the revolutionary consensus algorithm codebase powering the Skycoin network. This algorithm enables the project to implement the next generation of foundational networking, storage and application primitives  — a new internet.  Unlike most crypto projects, Skycoin is neither a fork, nor an Ethereum-based token. Its blockchain has been designed as both a platform and foundational infrastructure for supporting an ecosystem of applications including:  SkyCoin: A new consensus algorithm to secure the network through a Web of Trust mechanism, eliminating Bitcoin’s tendency towards mining centralization. SkyWire: Sustainable democratization of the internet, while providing enhanced privacy and security for a new internet Skyledger: Blockchain platform built with CX for developing independent data storage and hardcoding private chains. App Ecosystem: Distributed social media and file-sharing applications, built on top of Skycoin, Skywire and Skyledger Hardware platform: A mining hardware that acts as a specialized VPN operating on Skywire’s new networking protocol based on Multi-Protocol Label Switching.  Skycoin is 51% attack-proof and addresses many of the security issues with Bitcoin, regardless of hashing power and or financial strength. Transactions on the network are fast with low confirmation times (four seconds).  Skywire is a peer-to-peer alternative network that takes control from ISPs and gives it back to the users. Peer-to-peer technology doesn’t require users to give up their identity and data so as to access content. Skywire provides a blockchain-based decentralized network that facilitates secured and private browsing.   Since the platform has been designed as an ecosystem, there exists a symbiotic relationship between Skywire and Skycoin that allows users generate revenue for running the Internet, instead of large ISPs. Using Skywire network is free, but users can pay nodes to receive better bandwidth and priority.  With Bitcoin’s current state, Skycoin’s mission has only become more relevant. Its new mobile wallet will provide on-the-go access for users and site revamp will enable easier community engagement. Skycoin plans to implement other important milestones such as:        Protocols for decentralized exchange       Cluster management       Coding rewrite       Quicker wallet       Global network dashboard  A range of hardware “miners” are also planned for release on a soft date of March 2018, with 300 initial units planned.  Skycoin is the source of this content. Virtual currency is not legal tender, is not backed by the government, and accounts and value balances are not subject to consumer protections. This press release is for informational purposes only. The information does not constitute investment advice or an offer to invest.  
DECREASE	   Into the Mines of Online Gaming Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story.  Doing a simple Google search of “Cryptocurrency” will garner 6,840,000 results in about 0.41 seconds. Compare that with a Google search of “Rex Tillerson,” which returns a mere tenth of the results in the same time.  This simple exercise in curiosity makes evident that cryptocurrency is a significant development in the market, one in which our economy has only seen the beginnin g.    Cryptocurrency is indeed an inevitable product of our increasingly digitalized age.  Blockchain technology has led to a “cutting out the middleman” in online transactions, and is one of the leading draws to blockchain technology.     Naturally, many entrepreneurs and startup businesses are attempting to join in this rapidly growing economic sector and yield profit.  As a result,   Business Insider  reports that there are thousands of forms of cryptocurrency online.  Like any currency, cryptocurrency does not grow on (digital) trees; instead, it is developed through a process called mining.    While the anonymous and decentralized nature of cryptocurrency and blockchain technology has caused concern; many startup companies see a legitimate way to mine cryptocurrency, and through blockchain technology, revolutionize industries.  The cutting out the middleman allows creativity in ways that would have been unthinkable only a matter of years ago.    One such industry that can be revolutionized is the field of online multiplayer gaming.    History of Multiplayer Video Games  Ever since the inception of video games in 1973 with Pong, video games have become a staple of Western culture –   to the point that four out of five U.S. households have a game consol e.  One of the most critical developments in video game technology has been the growth in multiplayer gaming.  Ever since video game consoles started integrating internet capabilities and computer processing technology, in a few short years, the change has caused video games to be completely different from their predecessors.  The implementation of internet capabilities has allowed an explosion in online playing.  While in years past, a gamer could only play as a digital soldier fighting his way on the digital beaches of Normandy against AI German soldiers; gamers can now play competitively online against other human controlled digital soldiers. It is to the point that most video game companies assum e their gamers will not even touch the single player mode and opt to go straight to online multiplayer.    The introduction of online multiplayer through mobile devices has only continued to fuel multiplayer’s popularity.    Centralized Multiplayer Gaming and its Flaws  This online gaming is controlled through game servers, which video game companies own and operate. Servers transmit the data that makes it possible for gamers to play each other online and maintain the most up-to-date version of the game.    However, this has not been without dangers.  In 2011, the PlayStation Network was hacked, and through the hack,   the data of about 77 million users were exposed .  The hacking led to PlayStation shutting down the network for a startling 23 days.    The danger of centralized multiplayer gaming resting entirely on the shoulder of one company and its online servers is evident from this story.  It is also why the decentralized blockchain technology could provide a solution that gamers can get behind.    Solution: Decentralized Multiplayer Gaming  Companies like   NetworkUnits.io.  have created platforms that allow decentralized online gaming.  In the case of NU, it is driven by its cryptocurrency: the NU Token.  The mining of this cryptocurrency is done in two ways.    First, mining can occur through service providers renting their unused Internet bandwidth to the NU online multiplayer infrastructure.  For doing this, Service Providers are awarded NU Tokens.  Also, to ensure that other Service Providers are not being dishonest or offline, they will be penalized through the verification of random inspections from other service providers.  The  service providers who verify this are rewarded with NU Tokens.    Second, active clients, that being the gamers who link their wallets to their gaming accounts, will provide a second level of verification.  Players will report complaints about service providers, which, if verified, will lead to Service Providers being penalized.  This verification process will allow the NU Infrastructure to be strengthened.    Through this process, NU hopes to create sustainable methods to, “expand gaming beyond any geographic or economic boundaries.”  The middleman of massive video game servers is effectively cut out through the blockchain’s peer-to-peer network that can be utilized for online gaming.    Summary  The revolutionary nature of cryptocurrency and blockchain’s ability to cut out the middleman of online transaction is only beginning.  This capability will dramatically impact the old business models in various sectors of the economy.  In the case of the video game industry, new blockchain technology has the opportunity to disrupt the market.    Considering how central online multiplayer gaming has become in the world, it is not hard to see how this decentralized multiplayer gaming service could be the most significant game-changers since the demise of Blockbuster and the rise of Netflix.  
DECREASE	   Big Data is the New Cash, and Remember, Cash Is King  Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story.  Cash is king, the saying goes, and it won’t give up its throne easily. But in a technologically advancing society with increasing dependence on data, cash may have a new challenger –big data.   Big data is important to individuals and businesses alike. For individuals, it’s comforting (or unnerving depending on the point of view) to know who has access to personal information. For businesses, big data  drives revenues . It allows companies to compare products and services, expand marketing efforts, and target specific audiences.   Big data can help businesses hone their customer service skills by determining which customer service methods prove most effective for gaining and keeping business.  The profusion of data into every aspect of life will  keep growing , so it’s appropriate to ask, “Who controls it?” From the looks of it, major corporations like Amazon and Microsoft  appear to be in the lead .  Thus there seems to be an increasing centralization of big data, met with presumably increasing prices for transferring said data. As large corporations like Facebook or Google continue to gather data, they have the opportunity to control who has access to it.  Blockchain startups are offering viable alternatives to make big data not seem so big. These platforms offer a decentralized way for end users, whether humans or machines, to buy and sell data, all based upon personal choice.  How Blockchain Technology is Changing the Big Data Landscape  Everyone and everything produces data. Machines store cycle counts, battery power, and voltage readings. Humans, though not programmable entities, can store data through stories, memories, and even body language, as well as measurable data from wearable devices. Humans form reactions, opinions, and beliefs based upon the data gathering that takes place every day.   With the rise of the internet, this data has largely been stored online. Social media profiles and Google searches are filled with people’s personal history. There’s no escaping it.   Blockchain technology has led to the creation of platforms that put data producing agents in the driver’s seat. By starting a network of data transactions, blockchain companies have found a way for humans and machines alike to buy and sell data on a decentralized exchange.  One company,  Streamr , has already rolled out its blockchain platform. On Streamr, the data that a user produces stays with it. The user has complete autonomy and can choose to sell his, her, or its data.   Take for instance the self driving car. In order to work properly, a self driving car needs a wide variety of measures –internal ones like speed, turning radius, and weight, as well as external ones like road quality, weather conditions, and traffic updates.   With Streamr’s system in place, an electric car can sell its internal metrics to manufacturers –say battery producers or tire distributors –and use the proceeds to buy information on weather forecasts or traffic jams. This data will help manufacturers create better protect and will ensure that the self-driving car stays the course.  Stream’s platform and others like it have raw data processing engines that are built for real-time data management. These machines can read from and write to blockchains –connecting the world of big data to the wide variety of blockchain platforms and startups.  In terms of human applications, blockchain technology allows big data to connect with everyday processes like turning on lights, calling elevators, and sending email alerts. By synthesizing, analyzing, and processing the large volumes of data out there, blockchain technology can revolutionize the way machines and humans communicate.   As a tangible example, think of a clothes manufacturer who specializes in athletic gear. What if, using blockchain technology, data could be sold by athletes to clothes manufacturers concerning their heart rate, temperature, and sweat volumes. These “smart clothes” would enable clothing manufacturers to tailor-make outfits that fit certain environments with specific application s. Athletes, because they control the data, get to choose what information they disclose, and what price they want to sell it at. In this scenario, both parties benefit.  The free market principles upon which these platforms rest create an ongoing network effect. The more data available for use, the more likely it becomes for data producers and data consumers to interact. In Streamr’s case, its web portal facilitates the discovery of data and provides a means by which it can be managed through data streams. These data streams can then be subscri bed to, providing an ongoing intake of information.  Perhaps the greatest benefit of these platforms is their peer-to-peer nature. By offering decentralized networks and marketplaces, blockchain technology removes the middleman and creates a direct connection between data producer and data consumer. Large corporations like Google, Facebook, and Amazon no longer hold the power –individuals do, and at their own discretion.  
DECREASE	   (+) Asian Market Update : Asian Stocks Rise as Bitcoin Makes New High Twitter  
DECREASE	   No Swell: Ripple Price Sinks as Conference Passes Without Bullish News for XRP Twitter  The ripple price plunged as Ripple ’s much-anticipated fintech conference came and went without the major announcement that XRP investors were hoping for.  Two months ago, the ripple price spiked after Ripple previewed a major announcement. It quickly became clear that the announcement was conference-related, but investors let their  imaginations run wild  as the firm slowly revealed details over the ensuing days, and speculators began driving up demand for XRP  — the native currency of the Ripple Consensus Ledger (RCL).  Specifically, they believed that the conference would be hosted in Asia and would be accompanied by an announcement of a partnership with an Asian bank, corporate giant, or even government. When neither of these materialized, the ripple price  plunged .  A similar phenomenon occurred this week.  From October 16-18, Ripple hosted  “Swell: The Future Is Here ” in Toronto. Once again, investors anticipated that bullish news for XRP would break at the conference, and the ripple price rose as high as $0.291 on Monday.  XRP Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Investors watched the conference live stream with bated breath, but, once again, they saw no significant XRP-related news. And while the Bill  & Melinda Gates Foundation did announce that Ripple was one of several fintech companies that had  collaborated to develop Mojaloop , an open-source application intended to help the world ’s unbanked population access basic financial services, the announcement did not have any direct bearing on XRP.  Consequently, the ripple price quickly reversed course and ultimately sank as low as $0.208 on Thursday. This reduced its market cap to just $8.1 billion  — a nearly $3 billion decrease since it briefly cracked the $11 billion threshold earlier in the week.  XRP has seen a slight bump to $0.217 in the past few hours following the release of Ripple ’s  quarterly XRP markets report   — which teases the announcement of new partnerships and an  “innovative approach ” to use XRP to increase Ripple adoption  — but the currency is still down about 15% for the week.     
DECREASE	   Russia’s Largest Bank Joins Enterprise Ethereum Alliance after R3 Rejection Twitter  Sberbank, Russia’s largest bank by assets has joined the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance, the world’s largest blockchain consortium.  Initially founded by 30 members in February 2016, The Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA) is a working group of companies, technology startups, corporations and  even governments  working to leverage open-source Ethereum technology for enterprise blockchain solutions. The consortium has now announced the addition of Sberbank, Russia’s largest bank, to a list of over 150 members from public and private sectors alike.  As early as 2015, Sberbank  publicly stated its intent  to develop blockchain solutions with global partners by revealing its desire to join the international banking blockchain consortium led by New York startup R3. Subsequently, R3  reportedly  refused Sberbank’s membership to the consortium. In September 2016, Sberbank  joined  the Linux Foundation-led open-source Hyperledger Project.  In an announcement this week, Sberbank became the first Russian bank to join the EEA and revealed its intent to further Ethereum blockchain solutions Russia, while gaining access to international expertise in the decentralized technology.  Sberbank senior vice president Igor Bulantsev stated:  Our entrance to the Alliance will help broaden cooperation between leading global companies in terms of developing the Ethereum platform. The Alliance is actively developing and I hope that the bank’s expertise will be of use to all of its members. In addition, the bank will be able to influence the enhancement of the platform and its growth in the corporate sector. I hope that  our union will further strengthen our relationship with the Ethereum Foundation and serve as a significant step towards developing blockchain technology in Russia.  Sberbank has already participated and developed in a blockchain pilot and prototype respectively. A year ago, the bank participated with other Russian financial institutions in  Masterchain , an Ethereum-based blockchain prototype developed by the Bank of Russia – the country’s central bank – for financial interbank messaging. Soon after, Sberbank also announced the successful testing of a blockchain prototype for  document exchange  with a Russian federal agency.  Sberbank chief executive Herman Gref, a noted blockchain advocate and  bitcoiner  who  has previously criticized  Russian authorities’ now-defunct bill to ban bitcoin, has opined that blockchain technology will  lead to commercial applications  in 2019.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   If Bitcoin is Ponzi, So is Society: Analyst Criticizes Brazilian Central Bank President Twitter  Chris Burniske, a prominent analyst and Placeholder Venture Capital partner, condemned executives and authorities in the global finance industry who have described Bitcoin as a pyramid and a ponzi scheme.  “If you think Bitcoin is a Ponzi scheme, then follow your logic and you ’ll find society is a Ponzi,”  said  Burniske.  Brazil’s Central Bank President Calls Bitcoin a Ponzi, Illogical Argument  Earlier today, on October 18, Brazil’s central bank president Ilan Goldfajn said b itcoin is a financial asset that  operates a pyramid scheme  because people invest in it for profits and appreciation.  But, by that logic, literally every asset and currency are also ponzi schemes because people invest in them for appreciation and increase in value. Hence, based on the argument and logic of Goldfajn, the Brazilian national currency is a ponzi scheme, assets are pyramid schemes, and reserve currencies are also bubbles. More to that, as Burniske stated, by that stream of thought,  society is a ponzi.  Goldfajn stated:  “The bitcoin is a financial asset with no ballast that people buy because they believe it will appreciate. That is a typical bubble or pyramid [scheme]. ”  Previously, Cryptocoinsnews reported that highly regarded Wall Street analyst Gary Shilling justified his unwillingness to invest in Bitcoin because of his lack of knowledge in the technology. Shilling understands that Bitcoin is not a fraud or a ponzi scheme because of its decentralized structure. Still, because of his lack of knowledge in Bitcoin, he is not willing to invest  in it.  It is one thing to refrain from adding Bitcoin to a portfolio because of the lack of knowledge in the structure of cryptocurrencies, and another to baselessly condemn Bitcoin with non-factual arguments and illogical statements. Bitcoin, by nature, cannot be a ponzi scheme becasue it is a decentralized financial network. Goldfajn, unlike other leaders of central banks in Japan,  the US, and South Korea, has demonsrated his complete lack of knwoledge in Bitcoin and incomptence through a single statement.  Brazil Will Isolate Itself With Inefficient Regulations, While Japan, the US, South Korea and Other Regions Grow Exponentially  It is reasonable for financial institutions and banks to fear Bitcoin because it eliminates the necessity of third party service providers and intermediaries, such as banks. But, offering baseless condemnation and incorrect portrayal of Bitcoin will only encourage the public to distance themselves from current banking systems, which are opaque and non-transparent.   Goldman Sachs, Fidelity, the Japanese central bank, the US government, South Korean financial authorities, and others have already embraced Bitcoin and acknowledged the decentrlaized nature of Bitcoin, which disallows the prohibition and censorship of the network. The Bitcoin industry and cryptocurrency market have matured to a point wherein it passed the phase in which figures  like Goldfajn can simply call out Bitcoin as a scam, a fraud, and a ponzi scheme because the general consumer base has developed awareness of such claims.   While regions like the US, South Korea, and Japan continue to see an increased adoption of Bitcoin through the rising demand for the cryptocurrency from institutional investors, retail traders, and general consumers, and efficient regulatory frameworks imposed by their central banks, countries like Brazil will continue to isolate themselves from emerging asset classes like cryp tocurrencies their central banks simply dismiss the technology because they perceive it as a threat.  More importantly, as highly regarded venture capitalist Chamath Palihipitiya noted, Bitcoin does not require the approval of central banks and financial institutions to succeed, as it is a decentralized financial network. Central banks can either choose to adopt it and prepare an ecosystem wherein banking systems and Bitcoin can co-exist, or try to restrict Bitcoin, which would  inevitably lead to an increase in demand for the technology.  “Absolutely not [bitcoin is not a fraud]. It cannot be a fraud. What countries can constrain today is how it [bitcoin] is effectively traded but it cannot be controlled. It is a fundamentally distributed system that exists peer to peer. And so to the extent that you can basically eliminate the will and the actions of every single person in the world, you can eliminate it. But i n the absence of that, the genie is fundamentally out of the bottle, ” Palihipitya  stated.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Is Not the  ‘New Gold, ’ Goldman Sachs Tells Clients Twitter  Goldman Sachs has said that digital currencies are not the  ‘new gold ’ despite claims that it is considering launching a bitcoin trading operation.  In a note to clients, the multinational finance company said that despite the popularity of cryptocurrencies, gold is the  ‘best long-term store of value, ’ reports  CNBC .  The note said:  The use of precious metals is not a historical accident – they are still the best long-term store of value out of the known elements.  It added:  Gold wins out over cryptocurrencies in a majority of the key characteristics of money.  According to the bank, digital wallets where investors hold their coins are vulnerable to hacking. Additionally, bitcoin has rivals in digital currencies such as ethereum, monero and dash, whereas gold doesn ’t have alternative competitors, Goldman Sachs said.  The bank also claims that gold  ‘is clearly better at holding its purchasing power, and has much lower daily volatility. ’  These comments come at a time when Goldman Sachs has said that it is considering launching a bitcoin trading operation. Earlier this month, it was reported that the bank was in the  early stages  of planning an entry into the cryptocurrency market. Such a move would make it the first major Wall Street bank to get involved with bitcoin and other digital currencies.  However, Lloyd Blankfein, CEO of Goldman Sachs, is still sitting on the fence as he ’s yet to reach a point where he ’ll endorse or reject the digital currency. According to the CEO, he ’s  ‘ still thinking about bitcoin . ’ Yet, while this is the case, the bank has admitted that cryptocurrencies are getting  ‘ harder to ignore . ’  That ’s certainly the case with current trading prices. The market has recently experienced a surge in trading with bitcoin currently  valued over $5,700 . Yet, despite this critics remain. Most notably, Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase, who has called bitcoin  ‘ a fraud , ’ in the past, claiming that it ’s  ‘ worth nothing . ’  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	    Indian Bitcoin Exchange Unocoin to Follow Majority Chain Post-SegWit2x Twitter  Indian bitcoin exchange Unocoin has revealed its stance on the upcoming SegWit2x hard fork, stating that it will only support the majority blockchain following the split.  Unocoin to Follow Majority Blockchain  The startup made this announcement in a  blog post , assuring its users that it will give them access to coins on both blockchains if a blockchain split occurs following the SegWit2x fork, which is scheduled for mid-November. However, it only intends to offer INR trading pairs for the majority blockchain, so users will have to withdraw coins from the minority chains into other wallets.  Unocoin says that they will determine the majority chain based on both mining and community support and will provide users to access to the minority coins within two weeks of the fork. The company adds that customers must withdraw the minority coins within four weeks of the split.  It is not surprising that Unocoin intends to base its decision on mining hashrate. The company is a  New York Agreement  signatory and was included in the list of SegWit2x supporters that were  publicly denounced  by Bitcoin.org.   Moreover, the exchange recently  announced a partnership  with bitcoin wallet Blockchain to enable Indian users to purchase bitcoins from Unocoin from within their Blockchain wallet. Since Blockchain plans to follow the chain with the  most accumulated difficulty , chaos would ensue if the two companies were supporting separate chains.  Unocoin Policy Raises Questions  However, the Unocoin SegWit2x policy raises several questions. First, the company states that intend to consider “community support” alongside mining hashrate. How will that be measured, and what will the exchange do if miners support one chain and the community supports the other?   Second, the company’s policy includes this somewhat-curious statement:  “All our customers holding any amount of bitcoin in their Unocoin wallet before the event of the fork would be entitled to an equivalent amount of coins on both the chains after the split.  There is no action required from customers in this regard either before or during the fork as long as the replay protection is available .”  It is not immediately clear what the company means when it states that customers do not need to take any action as long as replay protection is available. SegWit2x leaders including Jeff Garzik and Mike Belshe have signaled ardent opposition to opt-out replay protection, which would automatically protect users from  replay attacks . Garzik is developing  opt-in replay protection , but this will require user activation, a process that may be too complicated for people who are not tech-savvy. It is possible that Unocoin means that they will  “taint ” the coins to protect them from replay attacks before users are able to withdraw them, but this is not clear from the post.  CCN reached out to Unocoin for clarification about these issues and will update the article if they respond.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Vitalik Buterin: Central Banks Lack Ability to Create their Own Digital Currencies Twitter  Vitalik Buterin has spoken out and said that it ’s unlikely that central banks will have the ability to create their own digital currencies.  The 23-year-old Russian national was speaking earlier this week at the three-day Swell event in Toronto, hosted by Ripple.  Even though several central banks are working on creating their own digital currencies Buterin isn ’t concerned about the competition they may create. Furthermore, he believes that it will take years for banks to achieve their goal, reports  Fortune .  He said:  If there is [such a launch] it will be a server and a bunch of marketing buzzwords to make it look like a blockchain.  His comments come at a time when the cryptocurrency market is experiencing a surge in price levels. At the time of publishing, bitcoin is trading over $5,600 and ethereum is valued at $309 while the combined market cap is worth $168.8 billion, according to CoinMarketCap.  With the continued rise in market prices interest is also being focused on the blockchain. Used primarily within the finance sector, the distributed ledger is seeing use cases within industries such as energy, humanitarian, supply chain, healthcare, and education.  Earlier this month it was reported that Japan ’s three  ‘megabanks ’  – Mizuho, Sumitomo Mitsui and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial  – had united on a blockchain project with Japanese IT giant Fujitsu to conduct  person-to-person money transfers  between individuals. India ’s biggest banks are also planning to  form a consortium  to test an interbank blockchain platform before introducing it on a wider scale.  Due to the heightened interest in the blockchain many countries are already in the process of considering their own digital currencies.  Russia ’s president, Vladimir Putin, said this week that the country will have its  own state-issued cryptocurrency , the CryptoRuble. Whereas, Dubai has revealed that it will develop and introduce its own blockchain-powered digital currency, known as  emCash . It ’s reported that citizens will be able to pay for government and non-government services with it.  Yet, despite these advances with some nations, Buterin doesn ’t appear concerned. Until countries actually make their ideas a reality, digital currencies such as bitcoin and ethereum will remain at the forefront.  Featured image from Flickr/ Duncan Rawlinson .  
DECREASE	   Charlie Lee Criticizes Bitcoin Cash For Branding Itself as Bitcoin Twitter  On October 17, Bitcoin.com released a controversial statement which  claimed  that Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin. In response, leading industry experts including Litecoin creator Charlie Lee offered harsh criticism.  Bitcoin.com Claims Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin, Angers Bitcoin Community  In September, Bitcoin Cash was launched through a hard fork executed by a few major mining pools including ViaBTC and Bitmain. Since then, the support and demand for Bitcoin Cash have significantly decreased, which is evident in the hash rate and market cap of the cryptocurrency.   At the time, even Bitmain, which first introduced Bitcoin Cash in July as Bitcoin ABC, was caught off guard with the statement of ViaBTC to pursue the hard fork in September. But, within the past two months, Bitcoin Cash has not been able to come close to the original Bitcoin blockchain by any indicator, such as user base, hashrate, market cap, and developer activity.  Still, this week, Bitcoin.com released a controverisal statement that  read:  “Based on the above comparisons between the various versions of Bitcoin, the whitepaper, and the years of common understanding that Bitcoin was always meant to be an electronic cash system, it is the position of this website that Bitcoin Cash is the version of Bitcoin that most closely adheres to the original design. The position that Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin is based on its adh erence to the design goals and intended purpose that Bitcoin was created to fulfill.”  Industry Experts Respond, Charlie Lee Offers Criticsm  Earlier this month, some of the largest Bitcoin wallet platforms and exchanges including Coinbase and Bitfinex have announced that the upcoming SegWit2x hard fork in November will not be considered as “Bitcoin” or “BTC” even if it surpasses Bitcoin in terms of hash rate. If 75 percent of miners do pursue the SegWit2x hard fork in November, there is a very high probability that  SegWit2x launches with higher hash rate than Bitcoin. But, there is also a high probability that miners switch back to Bitcoin upon its first difficulty adjustment, if the demand from the market, users, and investors is not met.  So far, Bitcoin Cash has not even come close to contention with Bitcoin in any of those indicators. As such, Litecoin creator Lee  stated:  “A lot of newcomers are going to be misled by Bitcoin.com . This article is so full of lies and FUD. Not having replace-by-fee does not make unconfirmed transactions safe. Also confirmed transactions are irreversible even with SegWit. SegWit signatures are not removed from the transactions. It ’s just the transaction data structure that ’s different. It ’s just as secure. More Pretty much every other line in that article is FUD and misleading. It ’s very much a hit piece on Bitcoin Core and SegWit. Shame.”  As Lee explained above, Bitcoin Cash is not Bitcoin. Bitcoin is the original Bitcoin blockchain which is currently known as “Bitcoin” and “BTC.” Even after SegWit2x debuts in November, there is a higher probability of the current version of Bitcoin remaining as the majority chain, as miners do not decide the value and market cap Bitcoin, users and investors do.  Lee further emphasized that the end result is not important. It is not morally and ethically correct to deliberately confuse newcomers in the Bitcoin and cryptocurrency markets.  “It ’s not about who wins. Confusing newcomers to bitcoin is not good,” he said.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Newsflash: Bitcoin Price Storms Back to $5,725 Twitter  Bitcoin price is catching wind again, gaining over $600 less than a day to hit a high of $5,725 on Thursday  After yesterday’s retreat to 7-day low of $5,114 (Bitfinex), bitcoin price is now buoyant again as it resumes trading closer to its all-time highs. Bitcoin’s USD value struck yesterday low at 14:15 (GMT) before trading took a positive turn to end the day near $5,575. Momentum stuck on Thursday as trading shot past $5,600 in the early hours before registering a high of $5,725 ne ar 11:00 AM. Altogether, bitcoin price has gained nearly 12% since its lowest point yesterday.  At the time of publishing, bitcoin is trading to the dollar at $5,683.9 on Bitfinex.   Trading data from BraveNewCoin reveals Japanese markets accounting for over a third of the world’s bitcoins traded over a 24-hour period, followed by USD trading. Korean markets continue to see a premium on bitcoin prices.   It remains to be seen yesterday’s pullback can be summed up as a temporary dip in the speculative lead-up to the November hard fork – an event that could be pushing investors to buy the cryptocurrency – fueling momentum in prices  – to benefit from the creation of a new asset, like  bitcoin cash  in August. Within a day of its launch, Bitcoin Cash (BCH) rose to a market cap  over $10 billion , making it the third largest cryptocurrency at the time.  Stay tuned for today ’s market analysis.  
DECREASE	   P2P Data Sharing Startup Streamr ICO Raises $31 Million Twitter  Peer-to-peer (P2P) data sharing startup Streamr concluded its  initial coin offering  (ICO) on Monday, reaching its roughly $31 million hard cap nearly two weeks early.  The Streamr ICO, which was managed by Swiss crypto-asset broker Bitcoin Suisse, raised 30 million CHF, worth about $30.7 million, from more than 1,300 individuals and groups. Streamr intends to use these funds to support the development of its P2P data sharing protocol and technology stack.  The startup envisions an economy in which users can wrest back control of their data from corporations, giving them the freedom to buy and sell data as they choose. The native currency of the platform will be DATAcoin, a token distributed through the recently-completed crowdsale.  Risto Karjalainen, chief operating officer of Streamr, told CCN that the protocol offers a multitude of use cases. He is particularly excited about its ability to help “smart cities” operate efficiently:  “Particularly interesting use cases can be seen in smart cities. As a specific example, you could crowdsource a near real-time view of free parking slots across the city using a smartphone app. You ’d be automatically compensated with DATAcoin for the useful data you contribute, and those who find the space will pay a small amount for the service. There ’s less time wasted, less pollution, and information gets monetized. ”  The platform will feature a visual programming environment designed to make it easy to create decentralized applications (Dapps) that utilize data streams from the Streamr network, and the DATAcoin token will be used to pay for subscriptions to these data services. The token will also be distributed to node operators and users who sell their data to the marketplace.  Streamr chief executive Henri Pihkala expressed gratitude for the tremendous support the project had received, enabling its crowdsale to reach its hard cap well ahead of its official end date.  “Our team is incredibly grateful and humbled by the outstanding results from our Crowd Contribution Period. The support, not only for our platform but for our mission, is truly inspirational and an unforgettable benchmark in the evolution of real-time infrastructure, ” he said.  “While our ambitious goal leaves us with a long journey ahead, this early success is a huge leap in making that dream a reality.”  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Bounces Back, Crypto Markets Recover to $170 Billion Twitter  The crypto markets bounced back on Thursday following a significant contraction the previous day. The bitcoin price led the charge, rising more than 6% to put the $5,700 barrier within its sights, while the ethereum price ticked up 3% to $309. Unfortunately, the recovery was not comprehensive, and some cryptocurrencies  — including ripple  — continued to decline.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  The downturn forced the total cryptocurrency market cap as far down as $156.5 million, which represented a one-week low. However, the markets began to recover Wednesday afternoon and quickly rose above $160 billion. They continued to climb leading into Thursday morning and have since risen to a present value of $169.7 billion.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Bounces Back  Wednesday ’s  bitcoin price decline  caught many investors by surprise, and it was difficult to ascertain what caused it, other than that traders were taking profits following last week ’s rally. The pullback put severe downward pressure on the bitcoin price, which fell as low as $5,151. However, bitcoin held firm at this level, and support gradually began to return, enabling the flagship cryptocurrency to mount a successful recovery. Ultimately, the bitcoin price posted a single-day return of 6%, bringing it to a present value of $5,679, which translates into a $94.5 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Ethereum Price Holds Above $300  The ethereum price experienced a single-day recovery as well, although its performance was not quite as impressive as that of bitcoin. After dipping as low as $291, the ethereum price managed to fight its way back across the $300 threshold. Ethereum is currently trading at $309, which represents a 24-hour recovery of about 3%. Ethereum now has a market cap of $29.4 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Altcoins Eye Generally Recovery  Altcoins lost ground to bitcoin on Thursday, which saw its dominant market share rise about 1% to 55.7%. However, the majority of altcoins experienced recoveries against the value of USD, adding about $2 billion to their combined market cap.  Altcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  But there were some significant outliers. In fact, three of the top 10 cryptocurrencies posted negative movement for the day, and the worst performance belonged to ripple. XRP holders had expected Ripple to make a major announcement during  “Swell ”, a conference hosted by the fintech startup. However, nothing materialized  — at least not of the caliber they were expecting  — causing the ripple price to add to its losses from yesterday. At present, the ripple price is $0.212, which represents a 24-hour decline of 7%.  Ripple Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Fourth-ranked bitcoin cash also posted a minor decline, causing it to tick down to about $334. Several major bitcoin cash proponents  — including Roger Ver and Calvin Ayre  — intend to start a campaign to assert that  “bitcoin cash is bitcoin ” , so it will be interesting to see if this has any lasting effects on the trajectory of BCH.  Litecoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The litecoin price, on the other hand, rose by 8%. This advance pushed it back over the $60 threshold, and litecoin is currently priced at $61. This translates into a market cap of $3.2 billion.  Dash added 3%, but it was unable to climb past the $300 mark, while NEM surged by just under 10%. NEO declined 3% after weathering the Wednesday downturn quite respectably, and bitconnect rose by 8% to $201. Monero rounds out the top 10 with a 1% increase, which was just enough to inch above the $90 barrier.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Shakes Off Wednesday Downturn; CFTC Primer Not a Factor Twitter  The bitcoin price  stormed back to $5,700  on Thursday, shaking off the Wednesday downturn that pulled it as low as $5,114.  Bitcoin Price Recovers from Wednesday Dip  Many investors were surprised when the bitcoin price held above $5,500 after last week ’s dramatic rally, which saw bitcoin surge by more than $1,200 in a four-day period. Some analysts even raised their year-end price targets in response to the record-setting advance. However, the crypto markets took a bearish turn on Wednesday, and the bitcoin price plunged by more than $500.  Luckily, that apparent turn actually proved to be more akin to a glance, as the bitcoin price began to scale the charts leading into Thursday morning. By 12:00 UTC, the global average bitcoin price had climbed as high as $5,701, and some exchanges priced it even higher.  BTC Price Chart from Bitfinex  As CCN pointed out in an earlier article, today ’s recovery has been fueled by an upswell of trading on Japanese exchanges. At the time of writing, the Japanese markets accounted for nearly 38% of all bitcoin volume, while the U.S. dollar followed closely behind with 30% and the South Korean won comprised another 12%. Although Japanese cryptocurrency exchanges have a  somewhat-troubled history , the government has recently begun  issuing licenses  to exchanges to help protect investors from falling prey to Mt. Gox-style incidents, and the country has emerged as a major player within the crypto ecosystem.  CFTC Primer Not a Factor  Several analysts had  attributed  yesterday ’s bitcoin price decline to a  virtual currency primer  published by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ’s (CFTC) fintech hub. Specifically, they noted that the primer stated that cryptocurrencies and ICO tokens may fall under the  “commodity ” classification, making them subject to CFTC regulations. However, the CFTC has classified cryptocurrencies as commodities since 2015, so this is not new information.  The revelation that the CFTC considers some ICO tokens to be commodities provided traders and investors with increased insight into the commission ’s stance on this fundraising mechanism, but if this was the trigger, the downturn should have had a much more outsized-impact on ethereum than it did.  If anything, the primer should bring some relief to investors. No one expects that U.S. regulators will stay on the sidelines forever, and it would create a hectic situation if regulatory agencies such as the CFTC and SEC adopted different stances on ICO markets. According to the primer, though, the CFTC does not see any conflict between its determination that some ICO tokens may be commodities, and the  SEC ’s ruling  that some tokens are subject to securities laws. Perhaps most importantly, the CFTC suggested that, like the SEC, it will consider a token ’s  “particular facts and circumstances ” when determining its classification, which is a far better policy than lumping all tokens under a single classification.  Consequently, the most likely scenario is that the market downturn was triggered by traders looking to cash out a portion of the profits they reaped during last week ’s rally.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   CommerceBlock  – Beyond the Hype, Blockchain Engineers Put Real Applications in Business Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story.  Hundreds of major companies and banks have joined blockchain alliances over the last few years. McKinsey estimates 65 percent of banks will have a blockchain enterprise solution in production in 2018. Yet the ‘blockchain’ did not exist in the corporate lexus of many of these companies as recently as three years ago, even though it was one of the most active areas of software de velopment. As corporate blockchain alliances were forming, thousands of global software engineers on GitHub were quietly finalizing the protocols that will soon allow these enterprise blockchains under development to interoperate.   One of these moonlighting developers was Nicholas Gregory, a leader of software engineering projects at major investment banks who left JPMorgan in 2015 to develop blockchain applications for vendors. Meanwhile Omar Shibli, a CTO with several successful startups, was tackling coding problems in crypto projects on GiHub. Eventually, these two engineers came together to write the  pay-to-contract protocol, known as BIP-175, that will help to encode and secure the $20 billion in B2B, P2P, and other trade transactions expected to be conducted over the blockchain by 2020.  Early Market Adoption/Clever Blockchain Crowd Beater  By 2016, Gregory and Shibli’s protocol was at the center of their  new trade processing system on the blockchain , CommerceBlock. When IBM, considered the leader in enterprise solutions on the blockchain, released 44,000 lines of blockchain code on GitHub in 2016, the place of GitHub’s open source protocols at the core of the blockchain was secured.   CommerceBlock  already had years of exposure to blockchain development code. Furthermore, Gregory has experience architecting bank and enterprise IT systems.   Ahead of the crowd, CommerceBlock is in pre-commercialization stage—at least two years before the bank blockchain alliances.   The platform is built on the extensible and adaptable ethereum platform. The co-founders plan on building on their deep history and repository of libraries on GitHub to add more applications  and functionality to  CommerceBlock . A beauty of the open source system is that while Gregory and Shibli work on commercialization, other software engineers will be making CommerceBlock’s underlying protocols more extendible/interoperable.  The early and likely widespread  adoption of the BIP-175 protocol in commercial applications  will allow CommerceBlock to more easily develop interoperable solutions. Moreover, the functions of CommerceBlock—developing agreements with its smart contract template, tracing trade flows, asset issuance, and payments—are all based on GitHub approved protocols.   The Arbitration Marketplace   Arbitration is an example of a custom application that can easily be integrated with trade functions in CommerceBlock’s ecosystem. CommerceBlock partner the Arbitration Marketplace was seeking to make the dispute resolution process an integral part of transaction processing, rather than a costly and timely endeavor requiring third party intermediaries.  CommerceBlock  already had dispute resolution infrastructure and multi signature invoicing built into its platform.   In an over-the-counter bitcoin trade, for instance, an arbitrator is mutually selected at the time the contract is entered into. The contract is encrypted with the relevant bitcoin addresses by applying the BIP-175 (with multisig) protocol. Each function—depositing escrow funds, making payment, and receiving proof of payment—is activated by a CBT token. The contract can then ei ther be mutually settled or a dispute process started. The contract remains secure and transparent to only the transacting parties and, if required, the arbitrator.   Another beauty of an open source system is that the intelligence gathered in the actual use of the code and protocols in blockchain applications can inform future protocol development in different ways.  In the CommerceBlock ecosystem, the CBT tokens pay for CommerceBlock services and serve as an incentive to contribute to CommerceBlock’s open source libraries.   The open source CommerceBlock smart supply chain has been designed to be highly compatible with base layer public blockchains, side chains and the off-chain Lightning Network. This adaptability ensures the smart contract can perform peer-reviewed functions, which include multiparty escrow, asset issuance, dispute resolution facilitation and currency hedging.  The CommerceBlock Token (CBT) Sale  The initial coin offering of  CommerceBlock  is an important development in the commercialization of blockchain applications. The pre-commercialization company follows a slew of ICOs by startups with white papers and no proof of concepts in the market. ‘More stuff less fluff,’ is the motto of the seasoned blockchain engineers at CommerceBlock. Expect to see more pre-commercialization stage companies enter the market.   The CommerceBlock ecosystem will not only support the development of the trade platform but also through the CBT incentivization blockchain software development at the GitHub. The CommerceBlock Token Sale will be conducted on the CommerceBlock issuance platform. One million CBT (ERC-20) will be available for  public  sale , with a fundraising target of $25 million.  
DECREASE	   Japanese Police Arrest Ripple Exchange Operator for Fraud Twitter  Tokyo police have arrested the head of a Ripple exchange and trading platform for allegedly swindling an investor amid a wider investigation of a sweeping fraud.  According to  multiple  regional  reports , Tokyo police are holding 31-year-old Yuki Takenaka, the operator and manager of Ripple Trade Japan  – an exchange enabling trading of Ripple’s virtual currency XRP.  The individual was arrested on Wednesday for allegedly swindling ¥1.4 million ($12,500) from an investor persuaded into sending the cash into the exchange’s bank account in March 2015. Authorities allege that Takenaka took the money despite the company effectively bankrupt at the time. The cybercrime division of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police department is also investigating cla ims that Takenaka allegedly defrauded an additional ¥17 million ($150,000) from at least 40 customers in Japan after initially luring them with no deposit fees for trading.  Set up in May 2014, Ripple Trade Japan collected money from its users in exchange for IOUs, signed documents acknowledging debt. Users could then exchange their IOUs with each other or convert them into Ripple’s XRP tokens or cash.  Tokyo police also suspect that Takenaka manipulated his company’s systems for personal profit to issue over ¥120 million ($1 million) in IOUs between November 2014 and February 2015. He is alleged to have exchanged some of them with IOUs of other Ripple exchanges before converting them to cash used for personal expenditure and investment at a time when the exchange was already  out of money.  Come March 2015, the façade broke when users were unable to withdraw their deposits and the RTJ’s website shut down soon after.  According to the police, Takenaka has admitted to most of the charges.  Ripple, a San Francisco-based FinTech startup developing enterprise blockchain solutions for the global banking industry, specifically in payments and remittances, sees its blockchains powered by its XRP digital token. At the time of publishing, the total market cap of XRP tokens currently stands at $8.2 billion, making it the third largest cryptocurrency after Bitcoin and Ethe reum.   The case draws parallels to that of now-defunct Japanese bitcoin exchange Mt Gox, once the world’s largest bitcoin exchange. Founder and former CEO  Mark Karpeles  has been  charged  with embezzling ¥341 million in customers’ bitcoin and cash funds stored at the exchange. His trial at the Tokyo District court continues, with the disgraced bitcoin executive pleading ‘ not guilty ’ to the charges against him.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bringing Crypto Payments Mainstream Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story.  The crypto world is moving fast, and thanks to the increased mainstream attention and respect that the likes of Bitcoin and Ethereum have drawn to the industry it seems now like cryptosphere innovation is reaching a tipping point.  Think back to 12 months ago, and many of the developments in the past year might have seemed impossible. That raises the question as to what surprises the next few months hold.  Consider an ambitious scenario: in October 2018 it could be commonplace to see people of all walks of life paying in stores with crypto-powered debit cards, or using the same cards daily for online purchases as easy as they would a regular debit or credit card.  This would bring use of cryptocurrency to  complete mainstream acceptance . Of course, the company that manages to crack this would put themselves at the crossroads of a massive amount of business value.  There are significant challenges to creating a solution that is good enough to allow this level of seamless real-world transaction, however. But as was seen with other challenges in the crypto ecosystem, where there is value there will be teams working hard to address them.  One such project is   Bonpay , which has already released a significant part of its vision for seamless crypto-backed payments.  The problems with cryptocurrency payments  Not only are there several existing hassles with dealing with cryptocurrencies, these will be multiple as crypto usage tries to match the  convenience of standard fiat transactions . Consider how easy it is to order things with paypal, get cash from ATMs, or pay one-touch with a card in-store. At the moment, no cryptocurrency solution comes close to matching this level of convenience.  Add to this the higher transaction fees involved, waiting times for transfers, and the sometimes  wild fluctuations in the exchange rates from fiat to crypto and you can see why it is not really a challenger for day-to-day usage.  The global mobile payment industry is projected to be worth over $3 billion by 2022. This is a huge market for any company that can effectively address it.  One-platform crypto banking  The Bonpay team have already launched their platform that allows customers to store their crypto savings in a wallet that then allows seamless instant transfer to fiat payment methods when needed  – meaning that your Bitcoin account can also function doubly as a fiat checking account for purchases and transfers.  This can involve an electronic wallet on a device such as a smartphone, or additionally with a physical card that Bonpay give users free of charge.  The team offer users a low- or no-fee transfer rate, which will be augmented by the Decentralized Liquidity Network (DLN) after release.  Bonpay outlined how the account might work in the use-case of a business owner paying employees:  “With  Bonpay business account  you make multiple simultaneous transactions in various cryptocurrencies to all your beneficiaries inside Bonpay system worldwide without transfer fees. All payments are credited to employee’s account the moment they are sent. ”  They described how the DLN will add value:  “DLN will be based on interaction of several smart-contracts that enable liquidity providers, rich individuals as well as Bitcoin exchanges, safely cooperate rather than compete and provide their customers increased liquidity. Participants don’t need to trust each other as everything is  cryptographically protected. Bonpay will be one of the equal participants of Decentralised Liquidity Network and the first who invests in it. ”   These measures are certain to  increase adoption and usage  among users. As the Bonpay team put it,  “With the implementation of DLN Bonpay users will be able to manage their payments and transfers, and convert more cryptocurrencies to each other and fiat as easy and fast as to send a message. ”  A complete solution?  Bonpay allows users to get closer to fiat-level convenience with cryptocurrency than ever before. It will be interesting to see how they address the challenges of making their solution mainstream over the next few months.  The team seem experienced enough to tackle it with  “experts in banking and financial spheres, experienced developers, designers, marketers and cryptography experts ” among the staff. They have structured their token allocation as 51% for investors, 34% for future use, and the remaining 15% for the team and initial investors. The  token sale  begins on October 31st.  
DECREASE	   How ModulTrade Will Revolutionise the Way the World Trades Through Blockchain Tech Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story.  ModulTrade is setting out to change the way the world does business. It wants to make it fairer, more transparent and free from the choke hands of banks.  ModulTrade CEO and co-founder, Evgeny Kaplin, announced the launch of their token pre-sale on 4 th  of October at the IOT Summit in Barcelona, and immediately started to attract attention amongst Token sale participants: the reason perhaps has a lot to do with the fact that the ModulTrade team are using the power of blockchain technology to break open the closed world of trade finance. A world where small and medium sized businesses pay hefty fees to sell goods and services  across borders.   For the average consumer, the world of trade finance barely registers, but it does impact them in higher prices and less choice. In its go to market strategy, ModulTrade set out to highlight the inequality of the current system: how letters of credit and other financial products designed to mitigate counterparty risk are, in fact, adding significant cost and wastage into the sy stem and are redundant in a blockchain grounded world. The ModulTrade vision is built on one of trust, and a viable, cost efficient business model, where companies can transact and trade using tokens in a eco-system branded the ModulTrade Value Eco-system (MVE).  The MVE acts like a network linking buyers and sellers where each party can understand the capacity of each other to pay for a product. Trust is reinforced by token holdings and performance ratings. Smart-contacts act to underpin the transactions and to track the shipment of products. It is clean, it is elegant (in its design) and can be understood without calling your accounta nt; the business interface has been designed to work across desktop, tablet and mobile, so presents as an easy to use intuitive system that works around the needs of the small to medium sized business enabling them to chart a pathway for growth without incurring punitive costs or risk.   The team, who met at MIT, are as confident in their eco-system design as in their capacity to deliver it. Experience working for blue chip firms such as McKinsey, Cargil, Telefonica and over a decade in major financial institutions in trade finance, means the team can avoid the bear traps  of poor implementation and project drift. Working as a unit, disciplined in the act of the possible and the need for delivery, they are already in discussions with suppliers and buyers in sectors such as the construction and fashion industry. All in all, they are certain of their ability to transform the supply chain.   Commenting on the platform, Kaplin said: “We are passionate about giving all businesses, no matter their size or location, the same opportunities to build, develop and grow their companies akin to big corporations.   Our proposition aims to increase accessibility and minimise costs, and with smart-contracts and blockchain technology, we can mimic traditional banking systems, but at a transaction fee of as little as 1%; compared to current charges of 4-15%. Through our token sale, we want to empower small to medium enterprises worldwide. We also want to encourage as many people as possible t o engage in the debate around making it easier for business to do business.”   This positive approach and willingness to share outlook and financial assumptions has further helped demystify an opaque area of financial services and helps those individuals looking to conduct due diligence with the facts to support the decision-making progress.  As a proposition, ModulTrade have set out to build infrastructure that will work, challenge the status quo, and ultimately replace it with something better. As a business, it is built not on chasing the quick buck, but to endure and provide token holders with a continuous flow of trade that builds long term value and demand side liquidity.      Over the next couple of weeks, ModulTrade will continue with its pre-sale offering MTRc, the ModulTrade token architected on Ethereum, with up to 10mln MTRc available during this period. Followed by a further 40mln during the main sale, and a soft cap of 15,000 ETH.   To find out more about ModulTrade and to participate, visit  https://modultrade.io  For questions, please join us on Telegram  https://t.me/ModulTradeIO  
DECREASE	   indaHash Coin: A Pioneering Step Forward for the Influencer Marketing Industry Twitter  This is a submitted sponsored story.  What do cryptocurrencies and social media outlets like Facebook have in common?   indaHash, a  pioneer in the influencer marketing industry, has recently linked the two with its indaHash Coin ICO release.  indaHash is an automated online platform, launched at the beginning of 2016, which allows influencers to monetize their reach on social media accounts such as Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat. With more than 300,000 influencers with a total reach of over a billion followers and offices in 7 countries worldwide, the company has been able to successfully execute over 1,000 campai gns in over 70 markets internationally for over 400 clients and global brands such as Coca-Cola, McDonald’s, L’Oreal, P &G, and Adidas.   Influencer marketing is a form of digital marketing. However, recent studies are showing that due to the personal bond between influencers and their follows, as well as other considerable factors, the power to affect people’s purchasing decisions is striking. Followers see influencers as something identifiable and much more authentic and trustworthy than traditional advertising. In short, it’s extremely effective; with companies and influencers alike hopping on board as market growth is not going unnoticed and gaining more and more traction around the world.   The indaHash Coin: A Pioneering Step  indaHash Coin is a decentralized cryptocurrency payment structure made available to social media influencers, their audiences as well as brands. The payments are in the form of tokens, as opposed to cash or fiat currencies, solving a range of issues and further developing the influencer marketing industry in ways that have been unheard of till now.  indaHash now envisions tokenizing the influencer industry. The concept includes a specific role and opportunity for the following:  Brands that want to start or develop cooperation with influencers  Influencers who want to work with brands and further develop their audiences Audiences who want to be in closer relations with brands and influencers they follow  It  “makes perfect sense ” says Barbara Soltysinska, co-founder of indaHash.  “With the introduction of indaHash Coin, we want to tokenize the influencer marketing world and create a revolution in terms of brand cooperation and audience development, solving a wide range of issues and challenges between influencers, brands and fan bases, ” she said in an emailed statement.   Below is a more detailed explanation given by Barbara Soltysinska and Joe Krawczyk of indaHash in an indaHash exclusive called “indaHash ICO Review | Tokenizing The Influencer Industry”:   One of the main issues mentioned is payment terms being anything from 30 to 60 days depending on the financial institution. What is the timeline when paying in cryptocurrency? Almost immediate; therefore, problem solved. No international bank transfer fees either. The benefits are convincing from all sides of the table.  One of the most interesting aspects of the tokenization of the industry comes from the unveiling of the ecosystem created by indaHash that enables influencers to create their own personalized cryptocurrencies. With the creation of one’s own tokens, influencers can use said tokens to reward their audience, further strengthening the relationship between the two entities. Audiences can then use those collected tokens and exchange them for actions proposed by the influencer for their community of followers. Proposed actions may include customized and personalized prizes from the influencer, signed gadgets, mutual selfies posted on social profile, face to face meetings, and other engaging social activities mutually beneficial for both sides.   There is also an option for influencers to exchange their tokens for payout, if they wish, or keep them as their value will be expected to grow with time based on the cryptocurrency marketplace. The industry of cryptocurrencies is constantly growing and evolving, and payout with indaHash Coins allows influences to be a part of this new wave of economic activity.  It doesn’t stop there. With the introduction of “Pay-With-Fame”, influencers can exchange their indaHash Coins for various offers from brands, including but not limited to early access to exclusive and limited edition products, events, and/or workshops. This breakthrough feature will revolutionize the way brands cooperate with influencers; with added ease of access and exclusivity, and a mutual benefit between influencers and brands, as these brands will also receive more authentic reviews from advantageous influencers.   How can you join the revolution and get your hands on indaHash Coins?  indaHash will issue 80% of all tokens, and a fixed supply of 400,000,000 indaHash Coins will ever be created. Said 80% will be available during pre-ICO and ICO, with 18% of the total coin supply being used for the engagement and education of both existing and new influencers. Depending on the time of registration, prices are said to vary from 4480IDH to 3200IDH for 1 ETH.   indaHash Coin ICO dates range from the Pre-ICO being available from November 8th to 15th 2017 and the Main ICO being available from November 29th to December 20th 2017. The ICO structure will perform immediate exchanges of indaHash Coins from Ethereum after the minimum goal is reached.  The company plans to regularly purchase its own indaHash Coins at market price with fiat currencies received from cooperating brands in order to be able to settle payments. It will then give indaHash Coins to influencers, also at market price, and this process will fuel a constant circulation of interconnected growth between the rising value of the company as well as the value of its cryptocurrency. The increasingly growing market value of influencer marketing is expected to reach $5-10 billion dollars by 2020, as an added benefit and boost for the value of the indaHash Coin.  indaHash envisions the possibility of trading with tokens after finishing the process of the ICO, and till the end of 2017 plans to move the indaHash Coin on key exchanges such as Bittrex or Poloniex.  The possibilities seem endless, and this is a very exciting time for indaHash, the influencer marketing industry, and the world of cryptocurrencies respectively. For more information, please visit the following links:  indahash.com/ico  indaHash ICO Review | Tokenizing The Influencer Industry  indaHash Whitepaper ICO   
DECREASE	   ICOs on the Rise: Token Sales at Nearly $800 Million in Q2 2017 Twitter  ICO ’s raised a record rate of $797 million in the second quarter of 2017, according to CoinDesk ’s State of the Blockchain  report . Combined with Q1 2017 ’s rates, initial coin offerings were funded by $1.13 billion in the first half of the year.  One of the main findings of the report was a comparison between two funding methods. While venture capital (VC) scored a total of $235 million in Q2 2017, ICOs outnumbered VCs by securing a $797 million of fundings.  According to CoinDesk, the combined public  blockchain  token valuations exceed $100 billion. The company reported that, prior the second quarter of the year, the valuations never exceeded $25 billion.  CoinDesk ’s ICO Tracker shows that the all-time total funds ICOs secured are standing at $1.78 billion. Q2 2017 ’s results take the largest portion of the sales with nearly 45 percent of all ICO funds.  The report emphasized that ICOs are on the rise. According to the company,  “global issuers assemble to sell and distribute tokens, with massive deals open and on horizon. ” Single ICOs also performed extremely well: many of them exceeded the largest VC deal with several companies raising over $200 million.  ICOs exceed more than three times the quantity and total of blokchain venture deals, the reports shows. CoinDesk reported that the ICO demand not only matches the supply but the returns on multiple token sales  “have far exceeded ” holding bitcoin or ether on short term. The top ICO deals for Q2 2017 include Bancor ($153 million), Status ($95 million), TenX ($83.1 million), and MobileGo ($53.1 million). On the other hand, the top VC deals include R3 ($107 million), Canaan ($43.6 million), Blockchain ($40 million), and Axoni ($20 million).  CoinDesk highlighted that the global ecosystem remains unsure about the legality of the ICOs. According to the report, there is only a limited number of comments on the token sales from major regulatory bodies worldwide from the perspective of investors, issues, and exchanges.  However, the state of the ICOs have worsened after a few days ago, the People ’s Bank of China (PBOC) decided to impose an immediate  blanket ban  on all ICO fundings, stating it is an illegal way to raise funds. Soon after the PBOC announcement, the crypto market suffered a  major blow  to the prices  – the market cap decreased by $16 billion due to the ICO ban.  Furthermore, Russia, following China ’s trails, issued a  public statement , warning the citizens of the country about the dangers of ICOs and cryptocurrencies. The Russian Central Bank statement goes by:  “Cryptocurrencies are issued by an unlimited circle of anonymous entities. Due to the anonymous nature of the issuance of cryptocurrency, citizens and legal entities can be involved in illegal activities including legalization (laundering) of proceeds from crime and financing of terrorism. ”  Other countries have issued warnings to their citizens too  – regarding ICOs -, including the  United States ,  Singapore , and  Hong Kong .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   $25,000 Bitcoin Price: Wall Street  ‘Bear ’ Doubles Down Despite Recent Pullback Twitter  Wall Street  “bear ” Tom Lee doubled down on his prediction that the bitcoin price will  reach $25,000  by 2022, shrugging off concerns about the recent market downturn.  Lee, a managing partner at Fundstrat, reaffirmed this long-term price target in an interview with CNBC ’s  “Fast Money. ” He bases his prediction on the increasing trend to view bitcoin as a store of value and a hedge against inflation, forecasting that it will capture some of gold ’s market share. He also stated that younger investors –particularly those under age 30 –believe that bitcoin makes  “perfect sense ” as an investment vehicle.   Tom Lee of  @fundstrat  says that bitcoin is headed to $25K, here 's why  pic.twitter.com/FBJiwTQjqM  — CNBC 's Fast Money (@CNBCFastMoney)  September 14, 2017   Despite the recent China fueled-pullback, he contradicted claims that bitcoin is in a bubble, such as those recently made by  JP Morgan chief executive Jamie Dimon . Noting that research indicates there are only about 300,000 bitcoin wallets that hold the equivalent of $5,000 or more, he said that calling bitcoin a bubble is comparable to analysts who called iPhone adoption a bubble after 500,000 consumers purchased one within the first four days of its 2007 release.  The strategist –who foresees bearish performance from the stock markets in the near future –has previously written that he anticipates bitcoin will receive increasing attention from institutional investors, particularly since LedgerX and CBOE holdings have received regulatory approval to begin providing options and futures trading. He has also suggested that central banks might begin to view cryptocurrency differently if the bitcoin market cap can break through $500  billion, which would require a bitcoin price of around $30,000.  At present, the global average bitcoin price is $3,581, which translates into a $59.3 billion market cap. On Western exchanges, it is almost universally trading above $3,600, with BTC/USD topping out at $3,759 on GDAX. However, bitcoin continues to trade far below the average on Chinese exchanges, which should be unsurprising given recent events. At the time of writing, both OK Coin and Huobi valued BTC/CNY at about $3,030.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Increases to $3,680, Chinese Exchanges and Experts Remain Optimistic Twitter  Throughout the past two weeks, the cryptocurrency community’s anticipation of the Chinese government’s nationwide ban on bitcoin exchanges led to a major correction in the price of bitcoin and most of the cryptocurrencies in the market.  Bitcoin price dropped from $4,100 to $2,900 within a period of three days, as major Chinese exchanges including BTCC announced their closure. But, as Chinese financial regulators finalized the nationwide ban on exchanges by providing leeway to OKCoin and Huobi, the two largest exchanges in China, to operate until the end of October, bitcoin price rebounded from $2,900 to $3,850 .  Over the past two days, after its initial surge, bitcoin price has remained relatively stable at around $3,580. Earlier today, bitcoin price recorded a minor gain of $100, increasing by nearly 3 percent.   It is likely that many traders were anticipating to purchase the dip, considering the $2,900 as the lowest level bitcoin price could fall to. Bitcoin developer Andrew DeSantis and prominent bitcoin trader IamNomad further revealed that the bank accounts of JPMorgan Securities Ltd. also purchased bitcoin through Swedish bitcoin exchange traded note provider XBT Provider. Analysts including Tone Vays noted that JPMorgan clients most likely purchased shares of BItcoin XBT using JPMorgan’s custodian accounts.  Either way, casual investors, professional and institutional traders have started to purchase bitcoin again almost immediately after the closure of Chinese bitcoin exchanges was finalized. The fact that JPMorgan clients purchased massive amounts of bitcoin despite the strong condemnation of JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon on bitcoin also increased the confidence of traders over the bitcoin market.   Whether JPMorgan bought  #bitcoin  or not, let 's enjoy the irony. CEO calls bitcoin a fraud, clients can 't get enough of it.  pic.twitter.com/K4XrcSzFwd  — Joseph Young (@iamjosephyoung)  September 17, 2017   Regardless of the exit of Chinese exchanges and the country’s cryptocurrency exchange market, many experts expressed their optimism toward bitcoin. Some analysts including RT’s Keiser Report host Max Keiser reaffirmed his short-term bitcoin price target of $10,000. More importantly, Keiser explained that the Japanese market will likely overtake China in the upcoming months, as China continues to isolate itself from the global bitcoin industry.  “If China was trying to show strength with #Bitcoin ban, they did the opposite,”  said  Keiser. China and Japan about to start a crypto currency war over bitcoin. China ’s got cheaper energy, but Japan has more open society. Japan for the win.”  Keiser has been accurate with his depiction of the short-term trend of bitcoin. Most of the traders from China have already moved to the Japanese bitcoin exchange market, as Keiser predicted. Today, Japan officially became the largest bitcoin exchange market in the world, overtaking US with a staggering 50.8 percent market share of the global bitcoin exchange market. Meanwhile, the trading volume of the Chinese bitcoin exchange market decreased from 15 percent to 6.5 percent, despite the ongoing operations of OKCoin and Huobi.  As the global bitcoin exchange market stabilizes and recovers from the ban on Chinese exchanges, and as traders move from the Chinese market to other neighboring markets such as Japan and South Korea, it is highly likely that bitcoin price will lead yet another upward momentum.Additionally, leading Chinese exchanges including BTCC have noted earlier this week that they intend to continue their international operations while collaborating with Chinese financial regulators to potentially restore the Chinese cryptocurrency exchange market.   Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Indian Central Bank’s Research Arm will Launch a Blockchain Platform Twitter  The research arm of India’s central bank is developing a new blockchain platform for multiple banking applications in the country.  Established by the central bank, the Institute for Development and Research in Banking Technology (IDRBT) is the Indian central bank’s research arm and the foremost banking research institute in the country.  As  reported  earlier this year, the research institute has been studying blockchain technology for over two years. In a whitepaper published at the time, a team of researchers from the institute bullishly claimed “we recommend that the time is ripe for its adoption in India.” Indeed, such was the central bank institute’s enthusiasm that it has determined that blockchain technology had alre ady “matured enough” to enable the digitization of India’s fiat currency, the rupee.  Now, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) institute is developing a blockchain platform to enable a range of applications in the banking industry. According to the  Hindu Business Line , the central bank, the IDRBT and multiple FinTech players will all work together to develop the platform toward commercial applications of blockchain technology in India’s banking sector.  Speaking at an event on Friday, IDRBT director AS Ramasastri stated:  We will be launching this [blockchain] platform very soon.  The report further revealed that IDRBT had filed for three patents on technology protocols and solutions related to cybersecurity, analytics and cloud computing. The research arm has already laid  out a number of viable applications  for blockchain technology in the country.  Meanwhile, Indian government-owned State Bank of India (SBI), India’s largest bank,  took the lead  in establishing a financial blockchain consortium earlier this year. The first banking working group of its kind in the country, ‘ BankChain ’ sees the country’s largest public and private banks as participants alongside technology partners like  Microsoft . The consortium completed its first project in June, enabling its members to share KYC, AML and CTF (Know Your Customer, Anti Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism) details over a blockchain.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Breaking: China’s Central Bank Bans all ICOs Twitter  In significant developments today, China’s central bank has announced an immediate blanket ban on all initial coin offering (ICO) funding, deeming it to be an illegal practice of fundraising.  An  official notice  from the People’s Bank of China (PBoC), China’s central bank and financial regulator, sees the authority enforce a ban on ICO funding that has “seriously disrupted the economic and financial order.” In the first half of 2016, an estimated CNY 2.616 billion (approx. $400 million) was invested into ICOs according to Chinese publication  Yicai , citing an official report.  A roughly translated excerpt from the announcement read:  As of the date of this announcement, all types of token issuance financing activities shall cease immediately. The organizations and individuals who have completed the financing of tokens should make arrangements for repatriation and so on, reasonably protect the interests and properly handle the risks.  The announcement published on the central bank website was also backed by a number of other government administrators and regulators including the China Securities Regulatory Commission, China Banking Regulatory Commission, China Insurance Regulatory Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Commerce who formed an investigative committee on ICOs prior to today’s statement.  Now banned from raising funds through ICOs, individuals and organizations who have already completed ICO fundraising previously are also required to return all investor funds.  Furthermore, the committee has also prepared a list of 60 major ICO platforms for regulators and authorities to inspect, according to Chinese news outlet  Caixin .  As CCN  reported  in late August, Chinese authorities held a meeting to discuss regulations of ICOs on August 18 where the possibility of a complete ban on all ICOs was discussed. Last week, the National Internet Finance Association of China  issued  an ICO warning to members, deeming ICO platforms a threat to the stability of China’s financial sector.  Developing …  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   China ICO Ban: Impact on the Global ICO Market Twitter  People’s Bank of China, the central bank of the country, has officially declared initial coin offerings (ICOs) as an illegal method of raising money. In an official  statement , the PBoC announced that organizations and individuals are no longer permitted to conduct ICO campaigns and token sales.  Blockchain projects and startups that have recently completed their ICO campaigns were requested by PBoC to refund bitcoin and Ethereum raised during their ICOs to protect investors. CnLedger, a local bitcoin and cryptocurrency news source,  wrote:  “PBoC bans ICOs. From now on, no organizations and persons in China are allowed to raise funds via ICOs. Fund-raising platforms are not allowed to provide trading and exchange services. Raised funds should be ‘cleared up’ and refunded to protect investors.”  Several blockchain projects including Health Mutual Society have already refunded all of the funds they have raised in bitcoin and Ethereum over the past few months. The Health Mutual Society development team said in a  statement:  “To cooperate with relevant ministries in China in the investigations and the reorganization, HMS hereby decides to cancel the ICO on ICOINFO and put further operation on hold indefinitely. The fund collected will be returned to supporters’ accounts. The refund schedule will subject to ICOINFO’s announcement.”  The impact of the Chinese government’s abrupt crackdown on ICOs and strict regulation of the market has been evident on the price trend of Ethereum, bitcoin and the entire cryptocurrency market. The market cap of Ethereum declined by a staggering $6 billion within a 24-hour period, while bitcoin price dropped by $200.  What Will Happen With the Global ICO Market?  With the US Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) and the PBoC launching full investigations to any company, organization and individual raising funds through ICOs and token sales, the global ICO market and ecosystem will likely change drastically in the upcoming months.  Like EOS, the most successful ICO in history which raised over $180 million during its campaign, the vast majority of blockchain startups will relocate to Switzerland and other countries like the UK that have friendly regulations toward blockchain companies. In its ICO campaign, EOS published a document entitled “Token Purchase Agreement” which  read:  “EOS Tokens do not have any rights, uses, purpose, attributes, functionalities or features, expressed or implied. Although EOS Tokens may be tradable, they are not an investment, currency, security, commodity, a swap on a currency, security, or commodity or any kind of financial instrument.”  That specific statement from the EOS development team rid the startup of any potential conflict with the SEC along with its strict policy that did not allow US-based or accredited investors to take part in the EOS ICO campaign.  Chinese blockchain startups can follow the roadmap of EOS and relocate to more regulation-friendly countries. With strict guidelines that disallow investors from the US and China in participating in ICOs, blockchain startups can safely, without running in conflict with financial regulations and policies, conduct ICO campaigns.   In May, Bitcoin and security expert condemned central banks and government entities that were preventing bitcoin and cryptocurrency startups from making progress and growing at a rapid pace. At the time, Antonopoulos  noted:  “Governments can choose to either do nothing – which is okay; make things worse for cryptocurrency trading – like what Australia did by imposing sales taxes on all cryptocurrency transactions; or they can make things easier for companies by reining in the banks and encouraging companies by creating a level playing field.”  A similar situation may occur with China and the US. Within the next few months, blockchain startups will simply leave the two countries and complete their ICO campaigns elsewhere.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Aussie Solar Startup Power Ledger ICO Presale Nets $17 Million AUD Twitter  Power Ledger, a  blockchain-based  peer-to-peer renewable energy marketplace, has netted more than $17 million AUD through two POWR token presales. Once it opens to the public, the Power Ledger ICO is expected to raise more than $30 million.  The Power Ledger ICO is Australia ’s first initial coin offering, and the Perth-based company has attracted notable investors, including Blockchain Capital and venture capitalist Bill Tai.   The Power Ledger P2P marketplace, which has already been rolled out to some parts of Australia, allows property owners and organizations to buy and sell solar power over a blockchain-secured network. POWRs, which are ERC20 tokens and thus tradeable on the Ethereum blockchain, can be converted to SPARKZ, the marketplace’s native currency. Users can then trade SPARKZ for units of  electricity on the company’s private blockchain.   According to a media release, Power Ledger held both a discounted private presale and a public presale. Both of these distribution events had contribution caps, and they raised a total of $17 million AUD, which includes $8.8 million in direct USD investment. On September 8, Power Ledger will begin an uncapped sale, after which they expect to have raised $30 million.   We 're over the moon with our  #presale  raise!! Massive thank you to everyone who contributed  & got themselves a  #POWRtoken .  pic.twitter.com/mgHPAMeORx  — Power Ledger (@PowerLedger_io)  August 31, 2017   “Demand has significantly exceeded our expectations,” remarked co-founder and Managing Director Dave Martin. “As the first Australian ICO, we’ve been breaking new ground, and have been unable to rely on precedent to help us set targets. We initially hoped to raise a conservative AUD$5-$10 million, but the strength of the market response has been phenomenal.”  The company plans to use the funds to open its marketplace to new platforms, including India and other emerging markets.  “We want to spread the tokens far and wide, allowing as many potential future users access to them from inception and creating a diverse and powerful network,” Martin added. “We believe that literally giving power back to the people will catalyze the movement towards peer-to-peer renewable energy trading, which lies at the core of Power Ledger.”  
DECREASE	   NEO, Ethereum Prices Sink as China ’s ICO Ban Spells Trouble for Dapps Twitter  News that the Chinese central bank had decided to  ban initial coin offerings  (ICOs) reverberated throughout the cryptocurrency markets on Monday. The People ’s Bank of China (PBoC) ruling led to  widespread investor panic , leading 95 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies to experience daily price declines. The retreat hit decentralized application (Dapp) platforms particularly hard, causing the NEO, ethereum classic, and ethereum prices to post double-digit declines.  Ethereum Price Retreats to $290  The ethereum price led the retreat, falling nearly 15% after the PBoC declared ICOs illegal and ordered groups to return all token sale funds to contributors.  Ethereum Price Chart from Bitfinex  Ethereum trading volume shot up to $1.3 billion, with heavy concentrations on Bithumb, Bitfinex, and OKCoin. At present, the ethereum price is $291 on Bitfinex, although ETH/CNY has plunged below $280 on OKCoin.  NEO Price Falls 33%  NEO has been nicknamed the  “Chinese Ethereum, ” so it should come as no surprise that the ICO ban dealt it a severe blow. In early August, the NEO price soared past $50 to bring its market cap across the $2.5 billion threshold. News that the PBoC was  considering an ICO ban  led the NEO price into decline, although it held above $30 for the remainder of the month.  NEO Price Chart from Bittrex  The official PBoC announcement erased that support, sending the NEO price into freefall this morning. As of writing, the NEO price had dropped by 33% in the past 24 hours, landing at a present value of about $20.  Ethereum Classic Price Slips to $16  The ethereum classic price had put together an  impressive rally  toward the end of last week, but it could not weather today ’s stormy markets. The ethereum classic price dropped 12%, reducing it to a global average of $16. Its performance is worse on Chinese exchanges, where ETC/CNY pairs are trading at about $15.50.  Ethereum Classic Price Chart from Huobi  However, Barry Silbert –whose Ethereum Classic Trust reportedly owns 3.6% of all ETC in circulation –believes the PBoC ICO ban could end up benefiting ethereum classic. On Twitter, Silbert stated that  “there could be upwards of $2 billion of ETH held by ICO issuers that may be forced to sell into a weak market. ”   1/ essentially no ICOs have been done over/using ETC, so when the ICO bubble bursts, there will be no ETC selling pressure  — Barry Silbert (@barrysilbert)  September 4, 2017   He anticipates that this downward pressure will not have a long-term effect on ethereum classic since the ETC platform has not yet served as a central hub for ICOs. Consequently, he predicts that investors interested in smart contracts could grow disenchanted with ethereum and turn to ethereum classic as a Dapp vehicle.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Massacre Monday: Ethereum, Bitcoin Prices Lead Market Retreat after China Bans ICOs Twitter  The cryptocurrency markets plummeted on Monday following a report that the Chinese central bank had issued a  blanket ban on initial coin offerings  (ICOs). The bitcoin price fell 5%, while the ethereum price took an 11% dive. The altcoin markets fared equally as bad, with 91 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies declining for the day.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  This widespread investor panic caused the total value of all cryptocurrencies to plummet. Yesterday, the total crypto market cap was $164 billion –a $16 billion decline from the all-time high it set on September 2. But the news that the People ’s Bank of China (PBoC) had decided to ban ICOs sent the crypto market cap careening below $150 billion.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  According to the report, all token sales are forbidden within the country, and organizations which have already completed ICOs are instructed to return all investor funds. This is likely an impossible task, since organizations have doubtlessly already spent a portion of those funds.  Bitcoin Price Slips Below $4,400  The bitcoin price weathered the storm better most cryptocurrencies, but it still took a 5% hit. This intensified the sell-off that began when the bitcoin price  touched $5,000  on September 2. Since that point, the bitcoin price has plunged nearly $700. At present, the bitcoin price is $4,344, which translates into a $71.9 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  China ’s ICO Ban Sends Ethereum Price Plunging  China ’s ICO ban confirms investor fears that the nation does not intend to reconsider its  hostile posture  toward cryptocurrency and will have ripple effects throughout the entire market. However, decentralized smart contracts platforms such as Ethereum and NEO will bear the brunt of the damage. Following news of the ban, the ethereum price plunged 12% to $304. This is a nearly $90 decrease from last week, when the ethereum price climbed as high as $390. At present, ethereum has a market cap of $28.7 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Unfortunately, the ICO squeeze might not be isolated to China. South Korea –home of the world ’s highest-volume cryptocurrency exchange –is considering  strengthening  its bitcoin and digital currency regulations. Reportedly, the regulators want to  “punish ” ICOs.  Altcoin Markets Bleed  News of the ICO ban devastated the altcoin markets. No top 25 coin increased more than 1% for the day, and 91 of the top 100 coins engaged in a comprehensive retreat.  Altcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  In a twist of fate, the bitcoin cash price –which only declined 4% –returned the best single-day performance of any top 10 coin. The Ripple, NEM, and Dash prices fell 7%, while the litecoin price plunged 13% to $67. The litecoin price has declined almost $30 since  peaking above $90  last week.  Litecoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Eighth-ranked IOTA dropped 16% to $0.612, reducing its market cap to $1.7 billion. The Monero price fell 9% to $112, and 10th-ranked ethereum classic dropped 11% to about $17.  NEO Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  NEO –the  “Chinese Ethereum ” –was absolutely pummeled by the report of the ICO ban. The NEO price fell to $20. This represents a single-day decrease of 34% and a weekly decline of almost 50%.  Terracotta warriors image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   China ICO Ban: Crypto Industry Leaders Weigh In Twitter  This morning’s China ICO ban announcement has sent shockwaves throughout the digital currency ecosystem, causing investors to panic and  $25 billion to evaporate  from the total cryptocurrency market cap.  As CCN reported, the People ’s Bank of China (PBoC)  declared initial coin offerings illegal  and ordered all ICO investments to be  returned to contributors . This ban has wide ramifications and will likely result in startups banning Chinese contributors from participating in future crowdsales, as EOS did this morning. News of the ban sent the markets tumbling, with nearly 90 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies experiencing 24-hour price declines that were greater than 10%.  Crypto Industry Leaders Weigh in on China ICO Ban  Industry leaders took to social media to share their thoughts on the PBoC squeeze and its potential ramifications. Saying what was likely on the minds of many community members, ShapeShift CEO Erik Voorhees dryly opined that China  “just love to bans stuff. ”   China just loves to ban stuff. Token sales, Google, second children …  — Erik Voorhees (@ErikVoorhees)  September 4, 2017   ICO critics did not pass up the opportunity to say “I told you so.”  Ryan Selkis, better known by the handle TwoBitIdiot, predicted that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission will follow suit.   I think it 's time to go full-tilt hate on the ICO market for the rest of the year. Repeat after me:  "Why do you need to hold this token? "  https://t.co/pZqhRnG9vJ  — Ryan Selkis (@twobitidiot)  September 3, 2017    Looks like the PBOC agrees. SEC next and then it 's burn baby burn.  https://t.co/ggGhbfiq2M  — Ryan Selkis (@twobitidiot)  September 4, 2017   Chainstone Labs founder Bruce Fenton disagreed, arguing that the “SEC will be a non-event” because “this space will grow way faster than [regulations] can keep pace with. He predicted that China will capitulate and reverse the ICO ban to avoid being “left in the dust by a sea change.”   I 'll bet you 20 BTC that China will capitulate on ICOs …no major economy wants to be left in the dust by a sea change.  — Bruce Fenton (@brucefenton)  September 4, 2017   Prominent crypto trader WhalePanda also weighed in, forecasting that the China ICO ban will primarily affect China-focused projects such as NEO and Binance.   To recap: China bans ICOs, that means the actual projects that are impacted by it is a tiny percentage of  $Crypto , mainly Binance and  $NEO  — WhalePanda (@WhalePanda)  September 4, 2017   He argued that this will have “no impact on Bitcoin and …very little [on] Ethereum,” so investors should “buy back the coins that you panic dumped.”   Overall this has no impact on  #Bitcoin  and actually also very little in  #Ethereum . Now you can buy back the coins that you panic dumped.  — WhalePanda (@WhalePanda)  September 4, 2017   ICO Tokens Risk Exchange Delisting  Crypto analyst Tuur Demeester, on the other hand, found more in the statement to be concerned about. Noting that South Korean regulators are also reportedly  strengthening digital currency regulations , he suggested that the application of securities law to ICOs will lead to fear, uncertainty, and doubt (FUD) about whether South Korean exchanges will delist ICO-backed ERC20 tokens.   South Korean government to bring AML/KYC scrutiny and apply securities law to ICOs, exchanges. (Cue delisting FUD) https://t.co/rRxp18ySmC   pic.twitter.com/YxPmFI1Laf  — Tuur Demeester (@TuurDemeester)  September 4, 2017   Ethereum Classic to Benefit from PBoC Crackdown?  Venture capitalist Barry Silbert believes ethereum classic could find a silver lining in the fallout from the PBoC ICO crackdown. Silbert, whose Ethereum Classic Investment Trust reportedly holds 3.6% of all ETC in circulation, predicted that the SEC would deal initial coin offerings a fatal blow that will create substantial downward pressure on the ethereum price. He argues th at the ICO bubble burst could lead investors to sour on ethereum and begin turning to ethereum classic as a smart contracts platform.   1/ essentially no ICOs have been done over/using ETC, so when the ICO bubble bursts, there will be no ETC selling pressure  — Barry Silbert (@barrysilbert)  September 4, 2017   That has not happened yet, however, as the ethereum classic price is down 17% for the day.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Top 10 Cryptos Falter After Reaching Record Highs Twitter  After setting new highs in the last day, the crypto market, led by bitcoin, has given back some of its record gains in the last 24 hours, although valuations remain close to record highs.   Bitcoin  dropped 1.16 points in the last 24 hours to $4,499.35, falling from a record $4,964.54 the previous day. However, the market leader gained 6.27 points for the last 7-day period, according to coinmarketcap.com.  Bitcoin actually hit $5,000 on several exchanges Sept. 2, although its CoinMarketCap average topped out at $4,975 for the day. However, once it touched that mark, traders initiated a massive sell-off. Within a couple of hours, the bitcoin price plunged to about $4,600 on Bitstamp. The movement was even more drastic on Bitfinex, where it dropped as low as $4,550.  While the majority of cryptos lost value in the last 24 hours, total market capitalization of $163.9 billion today remains close to yesterday’s record $166.3 billion.  Bitcoin now holds 45.94% of the total crypto market, while runner-up  Ethereum  holds 19.92%.  Ethereum fell from a $388.66 on Sept. 2 to $343.11 today, although it was making a comeback, rising 9.84 points in the last 24 hours. The number two crypto gained 4.9 points in the last 7-day period.  Bitcoin Cash Grabs Third Place  Bitcoin Cash grabbed the number three spot from Ripple, having surged from $5.42.04 on Aug. 30 to $597.10 on Sept. 3. Bitcoin Cash’s market capitalization stood at just under $10 billion, compared to Ripple ’s $8.637 billion.  Bitcoin Cash lost 4.36 points in the last 7-day period.  Ripple, now number 4, rose 0.35 points to $0.225253 in the last 24 hours. Ripple has gained 11.21 points in the last seven days.  Litecoin , number 5, inched up 0.01 points to $76.45 with a market cap of just over $4 billion, in the last 24 hours. Litecoin’s 7-day performance has been the strongest among the top 10 cryptos, having gained 46.32 points.  Also read:  Record $5,000 bitcoin price triggers $13 billion market sell-off  Top 10 Cryptos Hold More Value  The top 10 cryptos outperformed the majority of the cryptos which lost value in the last 24-hour period. Six of the top 10 posted gains. 64 of the top 100 cryptos registered losses. NEM, number 6 with a $2.664 billion market cap, lost 1.7 points in the last 24 hours.  Dash and IOTA, numbers 7 and 8, respectively, rose 2.6% and 8.62% in the 24-hour period. Monero and Ethereum Classic, numbers 9 and 10, respectively, fell 3.83% and 134%.  Komodo, the number 22 crypto with a $283.272 market cap, led the gains in the last 24 hours, jumping 76.45 points. Number 32 ranked BitcoinDark, with a $133,518 million capitalization, gained 62.94 points.  The biggest loser in the 24-hour period was Hshare, number 14 with a $711.271 million market cap, losing 24.12 points.  
DECREASE	   South Korea Tightens Bitcoin Regulations, Will ‘Punish’ ICOs: Report Twitter  South Korean regulators are reportedly strengthening the regulation and monitoring of digital currencies including bitcoin.  South Korea’s digital currency task force  – a group comprising of the country’s central bank, financial regulators and digital currency companies – have discussed increased regulatory oversight into trading and business practices as a means to further consumer protection efforts.  According to  Business Korea , the task force held a joint meeting on Sunday where authorities planned to introduce these increased regulations for trading among the country’s domestic exchanges. The meeting, which was attended by the National Tax Service (NTS) and the Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) also saw plans drawn toward strengthening user authentication procedures at exchanges as well as ‘suspic ious transaction reporting’ systems at banks for transactions related to digital currencies.  Financial Services Commission (FSC) chairman Kim Yong-beom, who chaired the task force meeting, reportedly stated:  At this point, digital currencies cannot be considered money and currency, nor financial products.  Furthermore, bitcoin remittance foreign currency FinTech firms will also have to put up with increased monitoring from authorities. This, despite the South Korean government  lessening the burden  for bitcoin-based FinTech firms to operate in the country by  issuing permits  to act as foreign currency transfer services.  South Korean authorities will also reportedly recommend digital currency exchanges to include consumer protection measures when providing services.  ICO Ban?  Notably, the report also suggests that authorities will “punish” initial coin offering (ICO) fundraising platforms for violating the capital market act by raising funds through stock issuance using digital currencies.  An FSC official added:  We will clearly state the foundations of the Act on the Regulation of Conducting Fund-Raising Business Without Permission for illegal fund-raising impersonating digital currency investment and strengthen levels of punishment.  The need to examine lax cybersecurity practices that has already led to a  significant customer data breach and theft of funds  in a major South Korean bitcoin exchange was also discussed, with ‘severe disciplinary action’ for any violations by exchanges.  A KFTC official further added that the task force will look into other concerns like the “character of digital currency traders, taxation and permits’ by studying regulatory practices in other countries before forming new policies.  As  reported  in July, a set of bills leading to a regulatory framework for digital currencies could soon see the likes of Bitcoin and Ethereum legalized and regulated in South Korea.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Russia May Ban Bitcoin Mining in Residential Spaces Twitter  Russia could prohibit bitcoin mining in large residential spaces like apartments and high-rise flats if one prominent government-backed organization had its way.  According to a report by  Russia Today , Russian authorities will discuss the possibility of banning bitcoin mining farms in residential complexes during an upcoming meeting of the Presidential Council on the Internet.  Spearheading the effort is Ilya Massukh, president of the Information Democracy Foundation, a government-affiliated non-profit that manages, among other things, the federal government’s online platform for citizen petitions.  Massukh, who is also reportedly a member of the internet council under the President, will propose the ban by arguing that electricity resources at residential flats are inadequate for mining cryptocurrency. He also claimed mining activity is a fire hazard due to the heat generated by the mining hardware.  In an interview with the publication, Massukh stated:  Electric networks at blocks of flats are unlikely to stand such consumption; ventilation systems are not able to handle the generated heat, either. This could trigger a fire.  Talk of such a ban comes at a time when Russia’s finance ministry is also looking to keep bitcoin away from public adoption by planning regulations that could allow “ only qualified investors to buy and sell ” bitcoin via  exchanges.  Massukh was also skeptical of bitcoin mining in a country that continues to  flip – flop  over the legality of mining and adopting cryptocurrencies. It was only last year when Russia’s Ministry of Finance, the country’s financial regulator, drafted a bill to enforce criminal penalties on bitcoin adopters and miners with  prison imprisonment up to 7 years .  “[B]itcoin itself is not allowed inside the country,” Massukh added. “Accordingly, the mined bitcoins go to some external exchanges. All that remains in the country is the waste of electricity [to show for mining], which is questionable in providing any efficiency for the Russian economy.  The report, citing a ‘mining consultant’, suggests that installing a mining farm in a residential apartment will increase electricity consumption by 6x-8x.  While Russian authorities deliberate over a law to ban bitcoin mining farms among everyday Russian citizens, Russian President Vladimir Putin’s internet ombudsman is attempting  to raise as much as $100 million  in an initial coin offering (ICO) to fund a large-scale bitcoin mining project in Russia. Electricity costs are cheaper in the country, compared to China which hosts a majority of the world ’s bitcoin mining might.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Slowdown Seen in Crypto Markets Twitter  After having another incredible bull run last week, including fresh all-time highs for various altcoins, the cryptocurrency market experienced a trend reversal over the weekend. Overall, the total market cap for cryptocurrencies decreased by some $13 billion since Friday.  Bitcoin crosses $5,000 before correcting  The historic milestone of $5,000 per coin came sooner for Bitcoin than many analysts thought. The world’s leading cryptocurrency breached the mark on Saturday, setting another impressive all-time high. However, the milestone seemed to be the turning point for Bitcoin, as the cryptocurrency experienced a correction soon after, nearing $4,400 yesterday and trading just above $4,5 00 this morning.  Litecoin suffers massive drop after all-time high  Last Friday, Litecoin showed an impressive price surge, skyrocketing some 25% and reaching nearly $95. However, the following day the cryptocurrency, currently ranked 5th by market cap, showed a significant correction. This morning, Litecoin was trading around $76, which is still significantly higher than the previous all-time high, recorded last Thursday.  Report: China considering ICO ban  While Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) have become increasingly popular in recent months, with some $1.8 billion raised for new altcoins, they could now be under threat from one of the world’s largest economies. An unofficial report out of China says that the People’s Bank of China is considering outlawing the popular fundraising practice, since it could be used for fraud and othe r illicit financial activities. Some analysts believe that, if made official, this decision could set a precedent that would significantly damage the crypto market.  
DECREASE	   Ethereum Price Drops 10%, Potential Factors Include China ICO Ban Twitter  For the first time since August 20, Ethereum price dipped below the $300 mark, to $295 as the market cap of Ethereum plunged by $6 billion in a single day. Earlier today, on September 4, price of Ether dropped by 10 percent after showing some signs of recovery.    Last week, the People’s Bank of China (PBoC), the central bank of the country, abruptly announced its intention to regulate the initial coin offering (ICO) market and investigate into ongoing ICO campaigns. Some sources reported that the PBoC was looking to suspend all existing and upcoming ICOs in order for the institution to closely evaluate the legality of ICOs based on the country’s financial regulations and policies.  This morning, major publications including CNBC, Bloomberg and Reuters revealed that the PBoC has officially decided to declare ICOs illegal and launch full investigations into 60 large-scale ICO platforms in the local market. Sourcing Caixin, the Beijing-based media group focusing on the Chinese finance sector, reports noted that the Chinese government described ICOs as an illegal fundraising tool and requested banks to reject any business operations with ICO-related or backed companies.  In cooperation with China Securities Regulatory Commission, China Banking Regulatory Commission and China Insurance Regulatory Commission, PBoC released a statement as a warning against emerging ICO campaigns and financial institutions participating in “illicit financial activities related to ICOs.”  But, a few analysts including Shanghai-based fintech consultancy Kapronasia Director Zennon Kapron remain optimistic about the long-term growth of the Chinese ICO market. In an interview with Reuters, Kapron noted that he believes the Chinese government’s recent efforts to crackdown on ICOs is the first step it is taking to regulating the market. He further emphasized that governments are struggling to understand the basic fundamentals and concept of ICOs and that the suspension on ICOs is likely temporary.  “Regulators globally are struggling to understand what ICOs are, what the risks are, and how to ring-fence and regulate them. China, in many ways, is no different than the U.S. or Singapore in saying, ok, we need to push back on these for now until we figure out how to deal with them … I think it will be slightly a temporary measure,” Kapron  said.  ICO remains as Ethereum’s largest use case and market. It has driven more than $1.6 billion in investment within less than two years, since early 2016. Hence, any negative ruling on ICOs by major government entities and economies like China will likely result in the decline in value of Ethereum. However, it is equally important for investors and traders to acknowledge the entire cryptocurrency market’s correction in the past two days.   Almost every single cryptocurrency listed on global bitcoin exchanges and trading platforms such as bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, NEM and Ethereum Classic experienced large losses in value.  In the mid-term, the upward momentum of Ethereum should be sustained due to the Ethereum Foundation’s collaborative efforts in leading the Metropolis hard fork, which is expected to drastically enhance scalability and privacy for both Ethereum users and developers. More to that, various innovative solutions such as Plasma, co-authored by Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin and Lightning Network developer Joseph Poon, are to be integrated into the Ethereum network in the upcoming months.  Evidently, the announcement of the US Securities Exchange Commission and the People’s Bank of China have had tremendous impact on the global ICO market. But, like Australian startups previously moved to Hong Kong and Singapore to avoid impractical and opaque regulations, blockchain projects and ICO-running startups will likely move to other regions such as Switzerland and the UK that offer friendly regulatory ecosystem.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   This Twitter Bot Monitors Neo-Nazi Bitcoin Donations Twitter  Earlier this month, a far-right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, turned deadly after an extremist rammed his car into a group of protestors. In the rally’s aftermath, various tech companies, including GoDaddy and CloudFlare, decided to stop servicing the neo-Nazi website The Daily Stormer, temporarily  banishing it into the deep web .  The website now struggles to maintain its presence on the surface web, but its staff still manages to raise funds through bitcoin donations. A quick look at an  address believed to belong to The Daily Stormer  reveals that the website raised over $74,000 since it was set up. According to Motherboard, the website started accepting bitcoin back in 2014, and has received over $200,000 in the digital currency since then. It isn’t the only extremist website using bitcoin to raise funds.  To help reveal just how much these websites make, and in an attempt to tackle their funding campaigns, security researcher John Bambenek set up a Twitter bot that monitors a handful of bitcoin wallets associated with neo-Nazi organizations, and tweets whenever a donation is made. Occasionally, it also tweets updates on the amount of money these bitcoin wallets have.   New payment: 0.01488 BTC ($69.18) https://t.co/hRgMVHGpdo Total of Dailystormer BTC wallets: 18.13370749 BTC ($84,303.54)  — Neonazi BTC Tracker (@NeonaziWallets)  August 30, 2017    Dailystormer wallet report. Rec: 53.2959 BTC ~$244,902.21 USD, Spent: 32.8379 BTC ~$150,894.91, Bal: 20.4580 BTC ~$94,007.3.  — Neonazi BTC Tracker (@NeonaziWallets)  August 29, 2017   Speaking to  Motherboard , Bambenek stated that he created the bitcoin-tracking Twitter bot because he rarely has a chance to “code interesting short-term things with impact,” and because he doesn’t like neo-Nazis. By bringing attention to the amount of bitcoin these websites are being able to raise, the security researcher hopes he can pressure organizations not to accept it. He stated:  “I want to make it difficult for them to raise it, store it, and spend it”  On Opening New Bitcoin Wallets  Bitcoin’s nature allows anyone, including extremists, to simply open new bitcoin wallets, pass received donations through a mixing service, and freely use the money. According to Bambenek, however, this isn’t a problem, as most neo-Nazi sympathizers can barely use cryptocurrencies. As such, if these websites do open new addresses, they’ll struggle to get them out there and rece ive donations.  Earlier this month, a Twitter account believed to belong to The Daily Stormer tweeted that popular wallet and exchange Coinbase deleted accounts who tried to send them bitcoin. As many bitconers rely on services provided by Coinbase, this means a lot of donations can be stopped.  Bambenek modeled his Twitter bot on similar ones created to track wallets associated with  WannaCry’s global ransomware campaign . Eventually, he plans on releasing the code behind it so it can be modified to help track other groups collecting funds through bitcoin donations. However, given the cryptocurrency’s nature, these bots won’t do much from stopping it from happening.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Embattled Bitcoin Exchange BTC-E Pledges Daily Updates Ahead of September Relaunch Twitter  Earlier this summer, CCN reported on BTC-e’s domain being seized shortly after 38-year-old Russian national Alexander Vinnik  was arrested  for laundering $4 billion in bitcoin. At the time he was believed to be the exchange’s admin but, as updates rolled in, the  exchange stated he was never an employee .  In a series of updates published through its Bitcointalk and account,  BTC-e  revealed that it still had control over 55% of user funds, meaning authorities seized the other 45% and, as such, the exchange would reimburse users by issuing a Bitfinex-like token.  At the time, it was also revealed that BTC-e was fined for $110 million, and that it was going to relaunch and ditch the BTC-e brand due to “unresolved issues from the Office of Financial Crimes of the US Treasury.”  Now, BTC-e’s  latest announcement  points to an update on August 30 and indicates it will publish daily updates after August 31. According to the admin behind the exchange’s account, a process of transferring digital resources to an unnamed investment company is currently going on, so as to prepare these resources for its relaunch.  The exchange restated that it holds 55% of user funds, which users will be able to withdraw as soon as it launches. Notably, the it added:  “We want to notify all users that there is a political background in closing our service and pressure from the US.”  New Exchange Details  The exchange didn’t just announce more was to come, and released a few details on the exchange it’s set to launch in September. According to a  translated post from Bitcointalk , legal issues are currently being taken care of so the exchange can launch on September 1. Users will be given access to 55% of the tokens they had at the time the exchange was taken down, and the remaining 45% will be converted to  Bitfinex-like tokens  users can use to trade, or wait until they’re bought back by BTC-e.  It will be possible to trade without being verified, with several limits imposed. According to BTC-e, the investment company it found is currently training employees to take care of the verification process, so every user can get verified in less than 24 hours. There’s also an “abnormally large influx of volunteers” that can help with the process. The exchange claims to have all necessary information to relaunch, and that deposits made until August 1 will still be credited, although its addresses are no longer being used. Login and password information will remain the same for all users.  BTC-e pledged to credit all bitcoin holders with their bitcoin cash tokens at a 1:1 rate. Notably, BTC-e stated that the new exchange won’t be available to U.S. residents, and might have margin trading in its web-interface.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   China Considers Blanket Ban All ICOs: Report Twitter  Chinese regulators are considering the possibility of a sweeping suspension of all initial coin offerings (ICOs), according to reports.  A report by  Tencent  has revealed details of a notable meeting among Chinese regulatory authorities that took place on August 18. The joint meeting, hosted by the People’s Bank of China, the country’s central bank, was also attended by officials from the Securities and Futures Commission, the Banking Regulatory Commission and the insurance regulatory body, among others.  Regulators reportedly discussed means of regulatory oversight that included control over the size and scale of the ICOs, strengthening disclosure requirements and issuing additional investment risk warnings.  Notably, the report added:  In addition, if a large [investor] risk is found, the regulation will even suspend all ICO activities and rectify them.  As things stand, the regulations are at a preliminary stage with discussions and comments collected from multiple regulatory bodies with policies speculated to be introduced at some point this this year.  The ICO crackdown could ultimately draw parallels to the  regulatory squeeze  on bitcoin exchanges earlier this year. The People’s Bank of China investigated and effectively put a halt on the Chinese bitcoin trading market, once the world’s largest, at the turn of the year. Chinese exchanges only  resumed  bitcoin withdrawals in early June following comprehensive reforms of AML/KYC policies, nearly four months after  banning bitcoin withdrawals .  Earlier in June, a counselor to China’s central bank called for the  ‘moderate regulation’  of ICOs in a way that the government’s reach did not burden innovative projects. However, the PBoC’s actions taken against the entire regional bitcoin market proves that no action is too extreme for the financial regulator and watchdog.  The cumulative investments pouring into ICOs in the first half of 2016 has already reached CNY 2.616 billion (approx. $400 million), according to  Yicai , citing an official report.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Chat App Kik ICO Eyes $125 Million After $50 Million Presale Twitter  Chat platform Kik Messenger is eyeing a $125 million initial coin offering (ICO) after raising more than $50 million in a pre-sale open to accredited investors.  Kik ICO Presale Raises $50 Million  Earlier this year, Kik  announced  it would become the first mainstream social media app to create its own cryptocurrency. The chat app, which was developed by Canadian developer Kik Interactive, had more than  300 million registered users  as of 2016. The platform ’s native currency is  Kin , an Ethereum-based ERC20 token, and will have a creation cap of 10 trillion units.  Kik has now successfully concluded the presale to its token distribution event, raising $50 million from select accredited investors, including Pantera Capital, Polychain Capital, and Blockchain Capital. These firms purchased 488 billion Kin at a 30% discount from the general ICO price.  Kik founder and CEO Ted Livingston believes that Kin will help make cryptocurrency mainstream:  Kin will fuel new experiences in communications, information, and commerce inside of Kik, and will also serve as a foundation for a new decentralized ecosystem of digital services, bringing a fair and sustainable business model to the market.  Indeed, Kik ’s decision to raise funding through an ICO is indicative of the  growing trend  among technology startups to raise money through ICOs rather than traditional channels. Ryan Zurrer, principal and venture partner at Polychain Capital, said he believes the Kik ICO is a  “seminal moment ” for the cryptocurrency industry:  Kik is by far the largest consumer company to enter the cryptocurrency space, and this is a seminal moment for the industry ….We have been impressed with Kik’s thoughtful approach to the creation and distribution of Kin, and have confidence that the team will execute their vision of creating a decentralized ecosystem of digital services through Kin.  Kik ICO Targets $125 Million  On September 12, the Kik ICO will open to ordinary investors. To participate in the ICO, contributors must pre-register by September 9. As part of the registration process, users must list a government identification number such as a passport or social security number, although they do not have to seek accreditation as the Filecoin ICO required.  During this phase of the crowdsale, Kik will sell 512 billion Kin for $75 million, bringing the total ICO distribution to 1 trillion. At the end of the token distribution event, Kik expects to have raised a total of $125 million, making it one of the highest-grossing token sales to date.  
DECREASE	   LAToken Expands Crypto Economy to Multitrillion Markets Twitter  Could blockchain-based asset tokenization revolutionize financial trading the way blockchain-based currency has impacted payments?  Blockchain technology has already made major inroads in the financial industry.  According to a recent study by Juniper Research, six out of 10 large corporations are either actively considering using blockchain technology, or are already in the process of deploying it.  Blockchain Changes Financial Markets  Blockchain-based tokenization of assets has the potential to revolutionize financial markets since it gives anyone the ability to unlock the value of illiquid assets ranging from real estate and bank loans to works of art.  Tokenization is the process of converting the rights to an asset into a digital token on a blockchain. Financial intermediaries have an interest in moving real-world assets onto blockchains to gain the advantages of bitcoin while keeping the characteristics of the asset, according to a recent NASDAQ report, “How Tokenization Is Putting Real World Assets On Blockchains.”  While many exchanges have replaced paper with electronic transactions, the transaction costs of these systems are high, the trades are not transparent, and they still largely rely heavily on trusted participants. The blockchain platforms have already arisen to rectify the situation and transform access to capital.  LAToken Enables Crypto Assets  The first one – LAToken – is already operational. It enables cryptocurrencies to be widely used in the real economy by making real assets tradable in crypto. The transaction costs on the LAToken platform are close to zero, there are no interest or rate payments, and it really works in a timely manner – for example, tokenizing a house will take less than a week instead of 65+ days needed to sell the property.  LAToken also can unlock the value of illiquid assets like works of art, enabling the fractional sale of the assets. You will get a chance to buy a small piece of a Picasso painting or a French castle with just $10 equivalent of LATs – the main currency used on the platform. This gives a unique opportunity for investors to own fractions of previously illiquid assets accessible only to large investors.  Today you can already trade Apple, Amazon, Facebook and other shares on the LAToken platform. LAToken also partnered with MyGold, a gold and silver manufacturing company and mint based in New Zealand, to give crypto investors a chance to add the most popular “safe haven” asset to their portfolios, buying it with cryptocurrencies.  New Asset Classes To Come  Within weeks, new asset classes will be added to make the platform a truly universal marketplace for the crypto investors, offering the widest choice of asset classes for portfolio diversification.  The market for LAToken is in the trillions of dollars, based on current global assets value, which stands at $517 trillion, while global trading volume of these assets totals $155 trillion.  “Tokenization will be the next major stage since the blockchain revolutionized payments. It’s worth noting that bitcoin’s market cap now exceeds PayPal’s,” says Valentin Preobrazhenskiy, CEO of LAToken.  “Most real assets will be traded on blockchain platforms using cryptocurrency since the blockchain is more transparent, cost efficient and safe,” he explains.  LAToken has closed Round 1 of its public token sale in just three days. They sold 30 million LATs and raised $9,5 million. This shows how many people believe in the bright future of tokenization and bridging the crypto- and real economies. Round 2 of the public token sale starts on Sept. 5. The price of LAT will be 0,0011 ETH (1 ETH = 909 LAT). You can reserve the tokens at  latoken.com .  This is a sponsored story.  
DECREASE	   Uber Selects Bitcoin-Friendly CEO Twitter  In a move which will undoubtedly help repair its image as a bro-friendly, illiberal outfit with no social conscience,  Uber has replaced former CEO Travis Kalanick with Dara Khosrowshahi , an Iranian-American former CEO of Expedia with a long history of being favorable to Bitcoin.  Back in November, 2014, while Khosrowshahi was still CEO of Expedia, they began  experimenting with Bitcoin  as we reported here at CCN. If the company held of the coin they made during that time, it seems evident they went on to appreciate assets by a great deal.  Moving forward, is it possible we will see Uber adopt Bitcoin payments? While  there are ways  to use Bitcoin for Uber currently, many people would like to see the company integrate cryptocurrencies directly.  Overstock recently announced  that it would be accepting numerous cryptocurrencies. It seems that mainstream adoption is again on the rise with the extreme increases in the valuation of Bitcoin and all its cousin cryptocurrencies.  The utility of a currency – what it can do for its holder – is often considered as important as its value. Without some form of liquidity, it doesn’t much matter the valuation of a holding. One must be able to get the value some way. If people are able to deposit Bitcoin into an Uber account and then use it in their daily lives, especially during a time when the value of those  bitcoins themselves is consistently increasing, then we may see even more widespread adoption of it and other cryptocurrencies.  After all, at present, especially lacking really broad implementations of the  Lightning Network , the Bitcoin network itself would not be best suited for things like tipping the Uber drivers. A prepaid version of Uber payments is likely the most that Bitcoin users can expect, although it’s become easier than ever to expand the same courtesy to numerous other cryptocurrency holders as well.  Uber ICO or Token?  Perhaps it is useful to take a moment to speculate on the possibility that Uber could tokenize its platform using one of the many blockchains designed for the purpose. Long-time cryptocurrency enthusiasts like Khosrowshahi are coming around to the idea of professionalized blockchains, after all. Witness Erik Voorhees’  Prism platform .  It wouldn’t be at all surprising if we saw Uber offering tokenized rides in the future. Uber could sell the tokens directly, and compensate drivers who receive the tokens as tips. Uber would have to pay the drivers in such a case, and this may be a drawback to such an idea as a whole. But increased blockchain integration in companies like Uber is to be expected, and the interes t-cum-hiring of someone like Khosrowshahi in a company like Uber is not to be understated as a predictive signal.  Image from Shutterstock/  
DECREASE	   Stock Markets Analyst Sees Bitcoin Hitting $20,000 within Three Years Twitter  Standpoint Research founder Ronnie Moas recently restate his bullish take on  bitcoin , and said that he sees the cryptocurrency’s price reach $20,000 in the next three years as, according to him, we are still only at the tip of the iceberg.  In fact, Moas predicts that the bitcoin ’s market cap will reach as much as $2 trillion in the next 10 years, a very bullish prediction taking into account today’s $161 billion. Behind his forecast is, per his own words, a direct parallel between the cryptocurrency market and the “dot-com” boom of the 1990s. He notably stated:  “I am not any more concerned with Bitcoin being at a record high than Amazon or Google investors were concerned when those share prices jumped hundreds of percent and hit $100 and $200 many years ago. Today, both of those stocks are above $900. The question is not where we are at — it is where are we going? I do not think we are in a bubble.”  According to CoinDesk,  to get to the $2 trillion market cap, Moas starts by looking at the $200 trillion currently invested in global capital markets. He believes stocks are overvalued as, according to him, three-quarters of the names in S &P 500 are trading above the threshold of 12 times their earnings. Plus, he added that we haven’t seen a correction in the stock market in over a year and a half.  Moas also pointed out that, for most people who don’t have access to the U.S. dollar – which has been losing value – the case for cryptocurrencies is very compelling. The market analyst used Venezuela, a country in which  people survive government failures thanks to bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies , as an example.  He stated:  “Now, imagine what they think of their own local currencies elsewhere in the world. Imagine you live in Venezuela and you ’re keeping your money under the mattress. Would you rather leave it there in Venezuelan bolivar or would you rather put it in bitcoin? It ’s not going to take you very long to make that decision. ”  Moas estimates that one percent of the $200 trillion tied to cash, gold, stocks and bonds will in the course of the next decade migrate to cryptocurrencies. This would mean investors would get a 1,250 percent return on their cryptocurrency investments made today, and that bitcoin would be bigger than Amazon and Apple combined, CoinDesk notes.  However, Moas noted that if a cryptocurrency bubble does exist, it is outside of the top 50 cryptocurrencies, as there are over 800 names out there, and 91 percent of the cryptocurrency market cap is invested in only 20 of these.  Bullish bitcoin predictions  Ronnie Moas, who’s made over 900 stock recommendations in the past 13 years and recently decided to venture into the cryptocurrency world has, in the past, made other bullish predictions. Notably, Moas predicted that bitcoin’s value would double in the next year, and that one single coin could be worth  between $25,000 and $50,000 in the next decade .  Recently, after bitcoin hit the $4,000 mark,  Ronnie Moas  stated that the  cryptocurrency would reach $7,500 . His initial July prediction, that pointed to bitcoin reaching $5,000 “ in a few months ” so far proved to nearly be correct, as at press time the cryptocurrency is trading at $4,383.80, according to CoinMarketCap.  
DECREASE	   UAE Remittance Giant Taps Ripple Blockchain for Instant International Payments Twitter  A major UAE forex and remittance house is in the process of partnering FinTech firm Ripple for real-time cross border payments using blockchain technology.  A report by regional publication  Arabian Business  has revealed that UAE Exchange, one of the region’s earliest remittance operators with some 800 offices across 31 countries, is looking to partner San Francisco-based FinTech firm Ripple to facilitate instant international money transfers.  The remittance operator sees blockchain technology as the solution toward faster and efficient money transfers at significantly lower costs for customers. Ripple uses its bank-friendly public blockchain, the Ripple Consensus Ledger, to link  its international partners  and facilitate real-time money transfers globally.  “UAE Exchange has been investing significantly in blockchain technology,” revealed UAE Exchange Group CEO Promoth Manghat.  The executive added:  [We] are in the process of tying up [a deal] with distributed ledger startup Ripple, for real-time cross border payments.  Based in Abu Dhabi, the remittance operator has already witnessed the National Bank of Abu Dhabi – the emirate’s largest bank –  launching blockchain cross-border payments  by integrating Ripple’s technology. The bank has a marked presence in the Middle-East and Asia corridor with operations in Malaysia, China, South Korea, Hong Kong and more recently, India – the largest remittance receiver in the world.  “Banks and their customers have been hearing about the promise of blockchain technology to enable real-time cross-border payments,” said Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse after the bank’s commercial launch of blockchain payments in February. “Now…banks like NBAD are making this a reality by offering Ripple-enabled payments to their entire customer base.”  Meanwhile, the UAE Exchange Group has also invested in blockchain loyalty network Loyyal and is also a member of  Bankchain , India’s largest banking blockchain consortium which  took shape  in February this year.  Bitcoin: The Remittance Industry’s Future  The Arabian Business report concludes with a market expert pointing to bitcoin as the future of the remittance industry. Dubai-based Jameel Ahmad, VP of corporate development and marketresearch at trading broker FXTM stated:  Adopting bitcoin for remittance and forex business is where the industry is heading.  Traditional bank remittance, through SWIFT, typically costs 6% in remittance fees and could take up to 3-4 days for settlement. The likes of PayPal and other modern remittance operators like Western Union can charge up to 4% in fees, with faster transfers. However, a bitcoin-based remittance agency can guarantee same-day transfers with 1% of the transaction fees or less.  The big remittance operators like Western Union and Money Gram along with other smaller players, he added, directly facilitate 25% of the world’s annual remittance transactions.  The trading executive sees bitcoin streamlining what is otherwise an exhaustive, multi-step process for an international money transfer. As  reported earlier , South Korean FinTech remittance firms that mediate money transfers with bitcoin will now gain official permits to operate as money transfer operators.  UAE Dirhams image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   This Blockchain Platform Combines Traditional Trading With Social Media Twitter  What aspect of humanity is being sacrificed on the altar of technological advancement and the so called efficiency of service?  Engulfed in the rate race of meeting up with set goals and targets, the social aspect of human existence seems to become increasingly detached for the intrinsic aspects of our daily lives.  A Habit under Attack  Before the advent of the cyber-based marketplaces like ebay, amazon, alibaba, e.t.c, physical interaction between buyers and sellers offered an opportunity for reasonable socialization.   The non-contractual aspect of these interactions encouraged members of the community to exchange intangible values which formed the bedrock of heterogeneous societies.  Ironically, the emergence of internet solutions and the promise of globalization while closing up the gap of functionality, has fragmented the various aspects of human existence into independent faculties.  Industries like social media and e-commerce are increasingly growing far apart as exclusive departments.  The Blockchain Solution  In the robustness of its characteristics, Blockchain technology offers the opportunity to create, establish and encourage the combination of both social and contractual interaction at the same time. This can be identified as a restoration of human ethics that is threatened with extinction.    Blockchain platform,  soma.co  is creating a community where trading can thrive, but not at the expense of socialization.   It cannot be denied that the social media has become a major aspect of human lives both at individual and institutional levels. The key elements of social media are based on interactions through likes, shares, comments, follows, etc. Absorbing these key elements into the marketplace is a restoration of the basic ethics of human interactions that encourage community bonding.   This development is built upon the philosophy of the traditional marketplace of several decades ago, where trading extends beyond the contractual buying and selling of goods and services, but involves the social interaction of the parties involved.   A Unique Way of Transporting Value  The soma platform is developed using the Ethereum smart contract, and  leverages social capital through its rewarding system. It utilizes blockchain technology to create a decentralized ecosystem that incentivizes members of the community to perform value-adding services for the benefit of the community as a whole. The rewards and incentives serve as tools to encourage the full establishment and continuity of the socio-trading environment which pr omotes the coexistence of humans in general.  The smart contracts of soma allows its users to create  Interactive Item Cards (IIC) , a patent pending feature. Users can then leverage on the created IIC to engage in social contributions on the created digital content. This functions like the traditional social media where items can be promoted in terms of likes, shares and comments.   The social contribution of engaging digital content will, in turn, result in an increase in the social value of the associated physical item. The Interactive Item Cards can be seen as a digital representation of physical items, enabling storage of information related to the item on the blockchain. The stored data could include information about the history of the goods, quality , price fluctuation over time and more.  These Interactive Item Cards are transferrable from one user to another even as the ownership of the physical items that they represent change hands. Such, the details of an item can be tracked via these cards as they will contain the entire history of the specific items that they represent.  A Token for the Community  In order to guarantee the full establishment and continuity of the Soma community, participants are incentivized through a continuous reward system.  The soma rewarding system is fueled by the  Soma Community Token (SCT) . Soma Community Tokens are used to lubricate the trade inside the platform and facilitate Soma’s expansion around the globe. SCT functions as a digital currency in a rewarding mechanism for users who add value to the community by performing important functions, such as sharing or promoting an item for other users. Other actions like acting as a trusted third party between sell er and buyer can also be rewarded using the SCT.  The Soma ICO is set to begin in the last week of September 2017. This ICO will serve as opportunity for participants to receive SCT in their ERC20 supported wallets soon after contributing. The purchased tokens can be used for services offered by Soma as well as other service providers within the Soma ecosystem.   However, interested investors and cryptocurrency community members can participate in the ongoing Soma pre-ICO by visiting the   Soma website .  
DECREASE	   Ethereum, Bitcoin Prices Rally Despite Sluggish Market Twitter  Bitcoin and ethereum continued to rally on Wednesday, pushing the total value of all cryptocurrencies higher even as the wider markets were mostly red. The bitcoin price punched through $4,500 to set a new all-time high, while the ethereum price looks poised to make a record-setting run of its own.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  The total cryptocurrency market cap climbed as high as $167 billion Wednesday morning, continuing its August bull run. At present, however, the crypto market cap has tapered to $162.6 billion.  Chart from CoinMarketCap  Bitcoin Price Targets $5,000  The bitcoin price spent the latter half of August stuck between $4,000 and $4,400. As the month waned, it did not appear bitcoin was going to be able to break past this level. However, the bitcoin price defied many investor expectations by spiking from $4,400 to $4,600 at about 12:30 UTC on August 29, posting a new CoinMarketCap average record of $4,627. On some individual exchanges, the price  rose even further . The bitcoin price has not yet found solid support for $4,600, which has caused it to pull back to $4,501 this morning. Nevertheless, this represents a daily gain of 3% and gives bitcoin a $74.4 billion market cap.  Bitcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Now that bitcoin has broken through the $4,500 wall, many analysts predict it will cross the $5,000 threshold in short order. RT host Max Keiser, for instance, stated that he believes it will probably reach that level this week.  Ethereum Price Inches Closer to All-Time High  All eyes were on bitcoin as it set a new all-time high, but ethereum made impressive progress on Wednesday as well. Bolstered by increases in ETH/KRW and ETH/CNY, the ethereum price climbed to $389 on August 30, its highest level since June 14. At present, the ethereum price is $367, resulting in a market cap of $36.6 billion.  Ethereum Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Altcoin Markets Take a Hit  Bitcoin and ethereum may have been posted solid gains on Wednesday, but traders dealt the altcoin markets a blow.  The bitcoin cash price fell to 2% to $573, continuing its week-long decline. The Ripple price managed to climb 1%, thanks to news that the FinTech startup had  given a presentation  on blockchain trends to officials from the central bank of China. The litecoin price was mostly stable, holding at about $62, while Dash and NEM each made minor advances.  Altcoin Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  This is where the chart starts to turn red. IOTA dipped 2% to $0.828, while the Monero price fell 6% to $128, despite strong volume from Bithumb ’s  newly-opened  XMR/KRW market.  Monero Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  The hardest hit cryptocurrency in the top 10, however, was NEO. The  “Chinese Ethereum ” plunged by 17% to about $31. This reduced its market cap to $1.5 billion and gives it just a $41 million edge on 11th-ranked ethereum classic.  7-Day NEO Price Chart from CoinMarketCap  Outside of the top 10, the majority of cryptocurrencies engaged in a retreat. That retreat included Qtum and Hshare, which had just entered the $1 billion club on August 29. Unfortunately, these tokens had their membership cards revoked on Wednesday as they experienced declines of 19% and 27%, respectively.  
DECREASE	   What Does Blockchain and Your Weekly Groceries Have in Common?  Twitter  Up till now, not a whole lot to be honest. But that’s all changing with the  FoodCoin  Ecosystem launch.  In a nutshell, the FoodCoin Ecosystem is a solution based on the Blockchain technology that provides foodstuff and agricultural products. These products are sold online on the 1000 EcoFarms platform, bridging the gap between farmer and consumer.  In addition, due to the global fascination with alternative currencies and as a result of growing interest from users to facilitate payments with digital coins, the platform took a massive step forward and implemented tools that allow customers to pay using Bitcoin, Ethereum and Litecoin. The company will also launch its own cryptocurrency based on the Ethereum Blockchain  The actual FoodCoin (FdC) is a digital currency with the official 1 st  stage sale event taking place in November. There is however a  pre-sale  event in progress at the moment.  So What is the FoodCoin Ecosystem (FCE)?  At its core, the FCE is an ecosystem for food and agriculture businesses. It’s been designed to create a global marketplace, specifically for food and agricultural products, to be implemented on the 1000 EcoFarms platform.   The company differentiates itself from the competition by basing its activities on the blockchain technology, exploiting all the advantages that it has to offer, including lower costs and the use of smart contracts.  The end goal of the company is to create a trading platform for all things related to food that will incorporate the various parties within the selling and buying cycle, all under one roof. This includes the actual farmers and consumers, banks and insurance companies, even internal revenue services and customs for international trade.  One of the biggest driving forces that led to establishing the FoodCoin Ecosystem, and the creation of the FdC, is to reduce costs associated with producing, distributing and buying farmed foods and agricultural goods.   Putting smaller, local farms in direct contact with local independent businesses (coffee shops, restaurants, etc.) has a twofold advantage.   It supports the local farmers, putting a greater percentage of the profits in their pockets, helping them to become sustainable and compete with bigger, mass-producing establishments.  For local businesses on the other hand, this means getting high-quality food and products at a great price. And because of the versatility of the 1000 EcoFarms platform, the products are not just for sale to businesses, but available to individual families as well.   The 1000 EcoFarms Platform  The 1000 EcoFarms platform enables local farmers to do what big corporations have been doing for decades: that is to sell their products online to a global marketplace.  It’s available to businesses as well as individual customers and is the first online food market that allows its users to transact using digital currencies.   And the concept has so far been very successful.  It’s a working marketplace with more than 4,000 registered users and 650 active sellers, distributing over 1,500 different agricultural products.  The number one goal is to support local farmers by bringing their products into contact with the local community, promoting the use of sustainable farming techniques and protecting the volatile ecology.  For buyers this means getting locally produced, high-quality food and products, at a reasonable price that has not been artificially inflated for just using the word “eco” on them.   There’s the additional benefit of forming lasting relationships with the actual farmers that produce your food, meaning you know exactly where your food is coming from.   1000 EcoFarms have also launched two charities that line up with its core beliefs, i.e.  Stop Hunger  and  Donate to Farmer  that supports struggling families and struggling farmers respectively.  All in all, 1000 EcoFarms is a unique and forward-thinking platform that champions the growth in local economies on a global scale by using modern techniques.  The Launch of FoodCoin  The FCE will be launching its own digital currency called FoodCoin (FdC). The cryptocurrency is intended for use as an additional payment option on the 1000 EcoFarms platform and will help to reduce transaction costs.  While the official ICO is set to happen in November 2017, the presale event of FdC started on the 23 rd  of August 2017 and has picked up significant interest within the first few days.   More than 1,700 participants already took part in the event, raising close to US$ 3.1 million. With the event lasting for two weeks and open to everybody, there’s bound to be a whole lot more interest in the coming days.  Initially, FoodCoin will be based on the Ethereum-blockchain. However, the company has much larger ambitions and plans to use the funds from the initial crowd sale to create and implement their own blockchain on which the FoodCoin will function. The goal of this is to reduce or even eliminate transaction costs within the FoodCoin Ecosystem.  Buying groceries and foodstuff online is not a new concept. However, putting consumers in direct contact will local farmers through a global marketplace is unique and might prove to be revolutionary.  Apart from supporting local farmers, businesses and economies through modern solutions like blockchain and digital currencies, the FoodCoin Ecosystem connects people on a personal level that’s becoming increasingly uncommon in an indifferent global ecosystem.  This is a sponsored story.  
DECREASE	   Aussie Fugitive Demands $3.5 Million in Bitcoin for Media Interview after Bali Prison Escape Twitter  Australian prison-breaker Shaun Davidson, on the run from authorities after breaking out of a Bali prison, is demanding to be paid $3.5 million in bitcoin for a media phone interview.  Shaun Davidson is now seen as Australia’s most notorious prison escapee after burrowing a 15-meter tunnel under the walls of Bali’s overcrowded Kerobokan prison on June 19 this year, with three other prisoners. Davidson was originally  jailed for a year  behind bars in Indonesia for using another man’s passport with charges related to immigration offences.  Only 10 weeks away from completing his sentence, Davidson  staged an astonishing escape  after digging through a waste tunnel – nearly 15 meters long and just a half a meter wide  –  with three other foreigners from the prison.  Davidson continues to be on the run and, predictably, the story of his breakout continues to make for compelling news coverage in Australia.  The 33-year old has now allegedly  reached out to a reporter  at Australia’s News Corp, demanding bitcoin in return for an interview described as “the holy grail of journalism” by Davidson.  Australian laws dictate that convicted criminals cannot be allowed to make profits from speaking to the media about details related to the crime. To get around this particular hurdle, Davidson is connecting media with his sister, or atleast someone purporting to be her.  Reaching out via Wickr, a Snapchat-like messaging app with an auto-delete feature, Davidson’s sister wrote:  Exclusive interview no restrictions $3500000 paid in bitcoin…if not accepted in time and payment made soon after the deals off the table [sic] every week that goes by the price increases.  A disclaimer by the publication added that it did not, nor does it ever intend to pay the bitcoin sought by Shaun Davidson or his alleged sister.  Meanwhile, Davidson has taken to  Facebook  to regularly taunt InAustralianand Austrlian law enforcement agencies about his escape and regularly ‘checks-in’ to various locations around the world. Davidson purportedly ‘checked in’ at the McDonalds outlet in Singapore’s Changi airport yesterday, days after checking in Atapupu in Indonesia and Oistins, a coastal village in Barbados.  Featured image from YouTube/ MegaNews .  
DECREASE	   (+) Asian Market Update – Bitcoin Remains Stable after Big Jump the Previous Day over North Korea Missile Test Twitter  The Big Question: Are we approaching the end of the bull run?     
DECREASE	   Researchers Use the Bitcoin Blockchain and AI to Trace Sex Trafficking Victims Twitter  The bitcoin  blockchain  and artificial intelligence are being used to help parents of sex traffic victims locate their missing children.  Rebecca Portnoff at the  University of California, Berkeley , and her colleagues have developed a tool to ferret out sex traffickers from legal advertisers using machine learning to spot common patterns in suspicious ads. The tool also uses public information from  bitcoin , which is used to pay for the ads, to help determine who placed the ads, according to  New Scientist .  Portnoff said sex traffickers use the internet to reach customers without having to reveal much information about themselves.  Carrie Pemberton Ford at the Cambridge Center for Applied Research and Human Trafficking said the tool will assist in investigations of sex traffickers and support prosecution in areas where funds move rapidly across financial instruments.  Sex Traffickers Use Backpage  About 4.5 million people have been forced into sexual exploitation. In the U.S., many are advertised on Backpage, the second largest classified advertising website. The typical sign that an advertisement involves trafficking is that the advertiser places numerous other ads on the site.  Normally, the tell-tale sign that an ad involves sex trafficking is that the person behind it is responsible for many other advertisements across the site.  AI Examines Writing Styles  Portnoff’s tool examines the way ads are written. Artificial intelligence highlights when similar styles are used.  Each bitcoin transaction gets logged on the blockchain, which does not store identities, but every bitcoin user has a wallet recorded next to their transaction. The AI tool searches the blockchain to identify the wallet corresponding to each advertisement.  Portnoff said it is easy to see when each ad was posted. She looks at the ad’s cost and time stamp, then ties it to a specific individual or group, giving the police a good candidate for investigation. The tool narrows the number of ads that the police need to read for their investigations.  Also read:  Police arrest Backpage CEO for facilitating sex trafficking  Tool Proves Effective  The researchers tested the tool on 10,000 advertisements in a four-week period, correctly identifying close to 90 percent of ads with the same author. The test yielded a “false positive” rate of only 1 percent. One bitcoin wallet was responsible for $150,000 worth of sex advertisements.  Backpage did not respond to New Scientist’s requests for comment at the time of this report. Portnoff’s team is working with various police departments and non-government organizations.  One trafficker who drugged and beat a 13-year-old girl was caught and sentenced to five years in prison.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Nexchange Launches Platform Beta Twitter   This is a  paid-for submitted press release . CCN does not endorse, nor is responsible for any material included below and isn’t responsible for any damages or losses connected with any products or services mentioned in the press release. CCN urges readers to conduct their own research with due diligence into the company, product or service mentioned in the press release.    Today we are excited to announce the immediate availability of our cryptocurrency exchange service, Nexchange Beta, available at  nexchange.io .  Our Beta includes an intuitive and easy to use interface which allows users to exchange cryptocurrencies quickly and anonymously, with minimal fees.  Nexchange is a fast, reliable and fully transparent cryptocurrency exchange. Our chief aim is to create the best crypto exchange on the market by providing high availability, low transaction costs and complete transparency.  This release also features the first version of our cryptocurrency exchange API, enabling third party users to take advantage of our robust infrastructure for fast, easy and cheap cryptocurrency conversions.  For more information please view our  API documentation.  Our Values  As part of our ongoing commitment to be the most reliable exchange on the market, we would like to state some of our core values as a service provider:   We will maintain minimal spreads over the entire course of our operation.   We will have no fees whatsoever except a nominal, natural-market spread.   Zero slippage for any order amount which is within the reserves. You pay the same fee percentage regardless of transaction amount.   We will never take positions against clients.   We keep minimal execution times as one of our core value propositions and will never deliberately hinder orders because of market conditions.   Guaranteed execution: We will never revert or refund an order which has been accepted by our API.   Open Source Commitment  We strongly believe in giving back to the community.  That is why we have decided to make our front-end code completely open source, making it easy for anyone to clone our own ReactJS client and leverage our API to provide cryptocurrency exchange services.  For more information please check out our  GitHub repository .  We Are Just Getting Started  This exciting release is just the beginning. Stay tuned for further announcements as we improve our performance and add more coins to the exchange over the coming months.  Nexchange. By crypto enthusiasts, for crypto enthusiasts.   
DECREASE	   The Nav Coin Guide to How Anonymous Cryptocurrencies Work Twitter  With the release of NavTech 1.2, we’re making a lot of improvements to make sure that your transactions are safer, more secure, and more private than ever before. So we thought we would take this time to step back and talk about why privacy is important, how privacy in cryptocurrencies work, and how NavTech (Nav Coin’s optional private payment) works.  Why privacy is important  Privacy, in the form of encryption, is what allows transactions on the internet to exist. A secure network means you can send payments from one party to another, without having your money get stolen, or your information intercepted, along the way.  But privacy is about more than just securing your sensitive information. It’s about controlling your information, so that you can choose what to share, and with whom.  Information is power, and the more that is known about your day-to-day life (your beliefs, your connections, who you support), the more power can be held over you — by corporations, governments, hackers, or even just people who dislike you.  To this, some people say “Hey, I’ve got nothing to hide, so I’ve got nothing to fear!”. While this is an understandable attitude, as most people are law-abiding, it’s misguided. To anyone who says that they’ve got nothing to gain from privacy, we suggest a thought experiment:  Imagine if everyone could type in your name and see every website you’ve ever visited, all your bank transactions and any private conversations you’ve had. I would bet that you’ve said things about people that would hurt their feelings, visited websites that your significant other might not approve of, as well as given up so much information that hackers/stalkers/enemies will b e able to use against you. It would be hugely damaging to your social identity. This is why privacy is important for everyone, especially the law-abiding, and shouldn’t be taken for granted. And it’s why we think that the more privacy you can choose to exert over your affairs, the better it is for everyone.  Better privacy is a safeguard against a future that is unknowable. There is an immense amount of data in the blockchain, and as the industry grows with ever more payment/app information, there is a considerable incentive for big companies (such as Google  & Facebook) to get involved and track even more of your personal data. Blockchain analysis tools are getting more advanced by the day, and political situations in countries will never stay static. The future is impossible to predict, which is why Nav Coin believe’s that the default state of your information should be one that protects you.  What makes a good privacy coin?  NavCoin is a cryptocurrency that falls under the category of “privacy coin”. The idea behind Nav Coin is to make transactions as private as possible, much more so than a normal cryptocurrency where the ledger and all transactions, despite being controlled by cryptography, are technically viewable by the public — and so are vulnerable to blockchain analysis.  Here’s an example. A normal cryptocurrency transaction contains information such as the recipient, the sender, and the amount transferred. It looks like this:   A private transaction goes to extra effort to hide and/or obscure this information so that outside observers, and receivers, can’t see who sent the transactions.   The trick is to sever the link between the sender and the recipient’s wallets. Different cryptocurrencies accomplish this in two key ways.  Encryption  This is basically where you take information and mathematically combine it with a password — a process called “hashing.” Anyone who looks at the information without the password will only see gibberish. But anyone with the password can reverse the encryption to reveal the original message.   All cryptocurrencies, including the original Bitcoin, make use of encryption in some form. They are generally based on “asymmetric” encryption, which is exactly what it sounds like (“asymmetric” meaning one-sided). Only one person can decrypt the message to see what it contains. Think of it like a mailbox that has two openings, one for putting letters in and one for taking them out.   You hand out keys to people you trust, and this allows them to drop a message into your mailbox. But only you can open the mailbox to see what’s inside — with your own private key. In encryption, this key is your private password or passphrase.  Obfuscation  Encrypting information is only one part of the puzzle. To make a true privacy coin, obfuscation is required. The idea is hiding/disguising how something is being run, so there’s no way to know what’s going on inside. The goal is to make something that works seamlessly for senders and receivers, but to outside observers is so complex, messy and opaque that if a third party were to try and analyse your software or transactions in an attempt to look for patterns, they’d have a very hard time.  What does this look like? Let’s use this image as an example:   If you notice that a private payment was sent from  Wallet A  to  Wallet B , and at the same time  Wallet C  sent a private payment to  Wallet D  — if both of these are the same NAV amount, and happen at the exact same time, then you could logically connect the addresses together. With obfuscation enabled, the system will be messy with different amounts being sent at different times, and hidden amongst random signals (transactions), so that you can’t reliably connect  Wallet A  to  Wallet D .  What is NavTech?  NavTech is an optional, private “send” for the Nav Coin cryptocurrency (NAV) that we use to send transactions that are both encrypted and obfuscated. There’s a transaction cost of 0.5% NAV to use NavTech to send Nav Coin. Normally, transactions cost 0.0001 NAV (equivalent to approximately $0.00004 USD).  Here’s how it works step-by-step  A normal transaction  The standard form of transaction in Nav Coin (and most other cryptocurrencies) is simple — the transaction is added into the blockchain, and the amount sent appears in the receiving wallet once it is confirmed. There’s other stuff that goes on behind the scenes, but that’s how the transaction appears to other parties.   An anonymous transaction  Because blockchains record all transactions, for an anonymous transaction to take place on a blockchain-based cryptocurrency, it’s necessary to completely break the link between sender and receiver. Essentially, one party sends coins to one address, and a completely different wallet sends to the receiving address — with no visible link in the middle.   So how does NavTech do this?  NavTech introduces a second blockchain, which is completely separate from the original NavCoin blockchain. We call this the “sub-chain.”   When someone uses NavTech to send coins, the sender fires off their transaction to a NavTech server instead of to the intended destination. The intended destination wallet address is encrypted into the transaction so that only the NavTech server can read it.  A NavTech server is a special kind of wallet that processes anonymous transactions, and anyone is able to set one up if they wish. It is made up of multiple wallets — for both the NavCoin blockchain, the second sub-chain, and scripts that process the transactions.   Once the NavTech wallet receives a transaction, it then sends a transaction into the sub-chain — along with all the information about the transactions (encrypted a second time), meaning no third party can read it.   This transaction is then sent to a different NavTech server (in an obfuscated way) — which also has both the Nav Coin  & sub-chain wallets.   Once the second NavTech server receives the information about the transaction on the sub-chain, it has a pool of NAV that is then used to send the correct amount of NavCoin to the intended recipient’s address.  If that sounds complex, it’s meant to be. The layers of encryption and obfuscation are exactly what’s needed to make a NavTech transaction truly private.  How Nav Coin does encryption  Nav Coin and NavTech use RSA encryption. It’s been widely studied, and it’s considered by most authorities to be a robust encryption method that’s yet to be broken (assuming you use a high-bit RSA). We use 2048-bit RSA, and we’ve got the capability to easily upgrade to 4096-bit.  Other privacy coins use newer encryption methods (such as ZKSnarks). But the issue here is that you have to trust the authors of the encryption — and if there turns out to be a flaw in the method (either intentional or unintentional), then every transaction ever made using those coins potentially becomes public.  How Nav Coin does obfuscation  The latest upgrade to NavTech focuses on obfuscation. To hide the transaction information we do the following:      Add encrypted data to all transactions , including standard transactions, so that private transactions don’t stand out.  Split up the transaction into multiple sub-transactions . The aim of this is to send anyone trying to watch the blockchain on a wild chase.        Vary the timing of transactions . When a transaction is split up, it doesn’t all get sent at once, as otherwise it would be easy to match sends  & receives that happen at the same time. So when the transaction gets split into multiple sub-transactions, these transactions get split across multiple blocks.      Future upgrades for NavTech 2.0  We’ve got a bunch of upgrades planned for NavTech 2.0 to make transactions as private as possible — while we’re pleased with where we are already, there’s always more we can do to improve the technology.  Here’s some of what’s coming:  1. Dummy transactions  Dummy transactions are used to hide real transactions amongst a constant stream of ‘fake’ transactions — which is especially important in times of low NAV trade volume. (When there’s more traffic, it’s harder to see what’s going on, but the reverse also applies.)  2. Multiple addresses in the receiving wallet  To further obfuscate transactions, when the NavTech server sends to the receiving wallet (in the final step), it doesn’t send the coin to one address, but a series of addresses that are all controlled by the destination wallet.  3. Every wallet becomes a NavTech server  At the moment, there are only a limited number of servers that process private transactions. But we are working on an upgrade that will turn every wallet into a NavTech server. This effectively turns the Nav Coin network into a mesh network, where every wallet processes anonymous transactions and creates a fully decentralised network.  4. Even bigger changes…  We will be unveiling huge changes when we announce our Anonymous DApp platform in the coming months. The team are unbelievably excited and can’t wait to share this with you — so stay tuned.  Thanks for reading. We know it’s been a long one, but we reckon issues around privacy, blockchain and cryptocurrencies are worth a proper explanation.  For more on the technology we’re creating to help make a more secure online world,  visit the NavCoin website  and get involved in our community channels.  https://navcoin.org  This is a sponsored story.  
DECREASE	   Trezor Founder: How a Multi-Million Dollar Bitcoin Startup was Formed With $45 Twitter  Marek  “Slush ” Palatinus, the lead architect and CEO of Trezor and its parent company Satoshi Labs, revealed that he started Slush Pool, the oldest mining pool within the bitcoin mining industry, with a $45/month virtual machine. Today, Slush Pool along with Satoshi Labs and Trezor have transformed into multi-million dollar businesses, generating stable streams of revenue and high profit ma rgins.  “I started Slush Pool on $45/mo virtual machine few years ago and built a multi-million startup on top of it. Not possible today,”  said  Slush.  Over the past few years, billions of dollars were invested in bitcoin and blockchain startups by venture capital firms, angel investors, technology conglomerates and financial institutions. Some companies such as Coinbase, Gemini, Bitfinex and Blockchain have become massively successful businesses, with Coinbase becoming the first unicorn startup within the bitcoin industry wit h its latest $100 million funding round that increased the company’s valuation to $1.6 billion.  However, many innovative and unique companies, applications and platforms such as ChangeTip and Lawnmower failed to secure active userbases, stable revenue streams and record profits for their investors. Startups like ChangeTip were ultimately acqui-hired by multi-billion dollar technology companies including AirBnb and Lawnmower, which once allowed users to save cash change in  bitcoin, rebranded to more applicable platforms.   Lawnmower for instance, is now a blockchain assets portfolio management tool, targeting professional traders and portfolio managers looking to expose themselves to a new asset class and invest in bitcoin and Ethereum.  Hence, despite the exponential growth rate of bitcoin and the entire cryptocurrency market and alluring opportunities, it was difficult for companies like Trezor, Slush Pool and Satoshi Labs to make it through the bitcoin industry’s early stages. But, companies that were successful in securing their brand and presence in the industry have now become successful companies. Trezor  for instance, has experienced an abrupt surge in demand throughout the past two years that in some months, the company was not able to address the growing demand from its clients.  In February of this year, the Trezor team  announced:  “With much regret, Satoshi Labs would like to inform you that due to the exceedingly high and unanticipated demand associated with the increase in bitcoin value, our stock at TREZOR Shop has been depleted. We would like to sincerely apologize for this inadequate foresight related to the development of bitcoin value. Production plans have been fixed and this situation should not  occur in the future again.”  An important takeaway from Satoshi Labs and Slush’s journey since 2013 future entrepreneurs and potential investors must acknowledge that it has become virtually impossible to create or establish companies within the bitcoin and cryptocurrency industries with limited resources. Companies like Coinbase and Blockchain are aggressively expanding globally with hundreds of millions  of dollars in capital and startups like Trezor and Ledger have already established strong presence in the bitcoin hardware wallet market.  For the majority of investors and entrepreneurs, the abovementioned issue can be considered as an advantage as it means that the bitcoin and cryptocurrency markets have significantly matured within a span of years.  Image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   IOTA-Based Student Project Places Second at Porsche Innovation Contest Twitter  Built using the IOTA Tangle, two students working with NXP Semiconductors earned second place in the inaugural Porsche Innovation Contest on blockchain technology. The project, called FAPSY, beat over one hundred other entries from entrepreneurial teams around the world to claim second place in the automotive company’s first Innovation Contest.  The FAPSY Project  The team behind the astounding second-place finishing project developed a prototype for a system where vehicles can wirelessly, and autonomously, pay for fueling up. “We wanted our technology to enable Porsche drivers to let their car autonomously pay for refueling and therefore allowing for a faster and more efficient refueling and payment process,” explained Noah Winneberger,  a member of the FAPSY team. This means a driver could approach a fueling station, fill up, and be on their way without the interruption of payment processing. Noah told CCN, “The goal of the project was to enable cars of any other vehicle to autonomously pay for refueling. It was vital to create an environment that offered us security while still maintaining an extremely quick  validation time.”  The Right Tools for the Job  The FAPSY team had an innovative approach to integrating blockchain with automotive technology, but required a payments network and an authentication network, both which needed to operate at lightning speed. Enter NXP. The company known for its semiconductor and internet of things tech also developed V2X, an authentication network that, when introduced to the project, “allowed  FAPSY to combine both technologies and develop their first prototype. FAPSY managed to integrate our state-of-the-art V2X with the most innovative blockchain technology into NXP hardware with great success,” according to Lars Reger, CTO of Automotive at NXP.   With validation handled through V2X, FAPSY turned to IOTA to handle the payments processing. IOTA’s Tangle, with its ability to handle incredibly high transaction volumes and yet to be determined scaling limit, proved to be the best protocol for the job. With the Tangle’s IoT focus, the network was able to support the devices in FAPSY’s prototype, allowing the autonomous paymen t ecosystem to function.  Truly Smart Vehicles  With a working prototype on the books, FAPSY looks to continue to improve the world of autonomous vehicle activities. As advances in machine vision push self-driving cars closer to reality, a technology that allows vehicles to handle other tasks will become increasingly valuable.\  We are very proud to have supported the team during its first development stages and are eager to find out how far FAPSY’s technology can go. -Lars Reger  As Noah described, the ultimate goal of FAPSY was to develop a system where any vehicle can automatically, and autonomously, pay for any service by leveraging secure V2X communication and IOTA’s Tangle. Imagine if your car can automatically pay for dinner ordered from a restaurant or a car washing. Thanks to the predominance of vehicles in modern life, this technology promises  to be a game changer.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Breaks $4,100, Max Keiser’s $5,000 Target Now in Sight Twitter  Max Keiser, the host of RT’s Keiser report and prominent financial analyst, predicted bitcoin price to hit $5,000 within 2017, considering the imminence of the Bitcoin Core development team’s scaling solution Segregated Witness (SegWit), rising demand from institutional investors and increasing adoption of bitcoin globally.  Throughout June and July, Keiser continuously laid out possible factors that could push bitcoin price over the $4,000 region and potentially to the $5,000 mark.   I can see $5,000 from here.  #Bitcoin  — Max Keiser (@maxkeiser)  July 31, 2017   On August 13, bitcoin price established its new all-time high at $4,168, moving closer towards Keiser’s $5,000 target. Other analysts within the bitcoin community and cryptocurrency industry including Tone Vays and Squeeze also noted that bitcoin price will likely sustain momentum throughout August and September.  For early bitcoin adopters, investors and users, as Cooley LLP attorney and Blockchain policy counsel Margo Santori, bitcoin price could be the least interesting aspect of the digital currency. “Serious question: Is the least interesting thing about bitcoin still the price?,” Santori  said.  The majority of investors and users of bitcoin strongly believe that bitcoin will evolve into a major financial system which holds the potential to replace existing inefficient banking systems, third party service providers and financial institutions and hence, are not concerned with bitcoin’s short term price trend.  However, the price of bitcoin is still one of the more accurate indicators that can be utilized to demonstrate the market’s confidence in the digital currency relative to other assets. For instance, on CNBC, major Wall Street strategist Tom Lee emphasized that bitcoin will likely surpass the growth rate of all US-based stocks and assets, and outperform all reserve currencies by the end of 2017.  “I think bitcoin is an under owned asset with potential for huge institutional sponsorship coming. It has a lot of characteristics that are very similar to gold that I think will make it ultimately attractive as an alternate currency. It ’s a good store of value,”  said  Lee.  The upward momentum of bitcoin price is well supported and will likely be sustained in the upcoming months because factors that are driving the strong rally of bitcoin price are evident. As of current, bitcoin price is increasing at a rapid rate mainly due to the drastic increase in demand towards bitcoin from institutional investors and the market’s confidence in bitcoin’s ability to scale.  The imminence of SegWit activation has given investors and traders confidence that bitcoin can scale in the mid-term and eliminated any sort of uncertainty at a technical level. The August 1 Bitcoin Cash hard fork had minimal impact on the bitcoin network and since then, the Bitcoin network has efficiently been preparing for the activation of SegWit.  Previously, bitcoin and security expert Andreas Antonopoulos stated:      Some of you are wondering  "why are cryptos crashing like crazy? "   Yet you didn 't ask  "why are cryptos climbing like crazy? "  That 's why  — Andreas M. Antonopoulos (@aantonop)  June 15, 2017   The recent rally of bitcoin price is well supported by the abovementioned factors and hence, the market is demonstrating absolute confidence in bitcoin. More importantly, the demand from institutional investors will likely surge in the upcoming months with the integration of bitcoin by the Chicago Board Options Exchange in collaboration with US-based exchange Gemini planned for August.  Featured image from Shutterstock .  
DECREASE	   U.S./North Korea Tensions Drives Investors to Cryptocurrencies Twitter  The war of words between the U.S. and  North Korea  has raised demand for cryptocurrencies at the expense of traditional “safe” havens such as U.S. Treasuries and gold.  Ron Chernesky, CEO of InvestFeed Inc., a trading platform that is switching from equity to cryptocurrency trades, said investors are transferring to cryptocurrencies to diversify their risk should there be a market downturn. He said cryptocurrencies have moved from a niche space to one that is more widely accepted since they are less correlated to other assets.  Koreans Flock To Ethereum  Koreans are seeking refuge in Ethereum, which saw its trading volume jump to $2.6 billion on Wednesday, marking a 60% gain over bitcoin’s. This marks the second time Ethereum’s trading volume has surpassed bitcoin’s, according to  The South China Morning Post .  Much of Ethereum’s gain has been driven by South Korean buying. The Korean won comprises more than 40% of Ethereum trading volume, making it the highest among currency pairs, according to coinmarketcap.com. Ethereum jumped 4% on Thursday to $304, the highest since June.  Other Factors Drive Crypto Leaders  Bitcoin , for its part, surpassed the $3,000 mark for the first time this week when it reached $3,486.73, while Ethereum grabbed more than 30% in four days of trading.  Both of the crypto leaders have been gaining in recent weeks, bitcoin benefiting from the successful bitcoin blockchain split.  Investors are moving to cryptocurrencies despite the fact bitcoin’s volatility is around 10 times greater than gold’s. Cryptocurrency proponents view their independence from a central authority as protection from meddling from central banks or governments. It also protects savings in countries with high inflation and weak capital controls.  Also read:  Long-term cryptocurrency analysis: bitcoin and Ethereum rally continues amid North Korea fears  Economic Uncertainty Supports Bitcoin  Since mid-2016, investors and traders in the largest bitcoin exchange markets including the U.S., China and Japan began to perceive bitcoin as a safe haven asset. Since then, bitcoin has been the go-to asset for avoiding economic uncertainty and financial instability.  Some financial observers believe fiat money is approaching its decline and the emergence of a decentralized and market-based currency such as bitcoin or any other cryptocurrencies that hold the philosophy of bitcoin could threaten the global financial system.  Bitcoin is seen as a practical and viable hedge  against debt-based economies because its value solely depends on its market. Since bitcoin is decentralized by nature and has a fixed monetary supply, the value of bitcoin is decided by supply and demand. As long the demand for bitcoin continues to increase, the value of bitcoin will proportionally surge, given that its supply is fixed.  Whether or not investors will at some point find themselves in need of a refuge from cryptocurrencies is still to be determined.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   In the Search for Economic Stability, is Bitcoin the Saving Grace? Twitter  Economic stability, a given in much of the world, has long been a goal of the countries in Central America. Latin America and the Caribbean have been plagued with economic instability for decades.   Rampant inflation and devaluation of currencies and assets have left these nations unstable and often havens for criminal activities. Corruption of the banks and governments is often cited as the leading cause of these economic woes, specifically relating to the centralized control over currencies. Luis Cuende, co-founder and project lead at the ICO record-breaking  Aragon , believes that the time is right for cryptocurrencies to play a role in revitalizing the economies of these regions, issuing in a new era of stability. And he’s not the only one.  Economic Stability is on People’s Minds  Before Bitcoin was even a twinkling in Nakamoto’s eye, the people of Latin America suffered at the hands of extreme inflation and wild swings in the value of their assets and currencies. Regional fiat currencies, like Venezuela’s bolivar, experience drastic inflation at an unpredictable rate, resulting in widespread poverty throughout the nation. Of the economic problems in Lat in America, Cuende explains that they, “have been so sustained over decades, that it’s easy for people to relate to what’s going on in cryptocurrency, that governments shouldn’t determine how much your money’s worth.”  Luis Cuende of Aragon  Cryptocurrencies, by design, are able to withstand economic turmoil. This results in a more stable store of value, unaffected by the whims of a central authority like a government or bank, and protects the integrity of savings and transactions. The governments throughout Latin America have turned their backs on their citizens for decades; cryptocurrencies give the people an opportunity to fight back. “We don’t really need permission from the banks or the governments to move this forward,” Luis says of cryptocurrency adoption, “and so what’s going to happen is that people are going to start using cryptocurrencies more and more and they are  going to self-organize and maybe self-govern. I think it’s pretty organic.”  If you think about fiat currencies, you see crazy changes in value because governments can print whenever they want to, but it happens the opposite with crypto and it ’s so funny because it can only grow in value  – there is no other outcome at all.   Global Support for Bitcoin  Recently, the United Nations  released a report  detailing the possibility for using cryptocurrencies as a means for de-risking financial systems in the Caribbean. This is just the latest in a series of research reports, investigations, and calls for information surrounding blockchain, all focused on delivering international aid and improving global economies. The Caribbean report boils down to three primary options:  The adoption of Bitcoin or another fully-encrypted, private,commodity-like currency The use of permissioned blockchains operated by a consortium of institutions The institution of Central Bank Issued Digital Currencies (CBDCs)   Though utilizing a permissioned blockchain or central bank issued digital currency are viable courses of action, Luis discussed how these options miss the point of cryptocurrency and therefore would be ineffective as solutions in Latin America. “What matters most, especially in Latin America, is the accountability part… I would love if they use the actual blockchain. That kind of accountability is what Latin America needs for fighting corruption.”  Global Economic Stability  & The Future of Blockchain  With the United Nations and the  European Union  being added to the ever-growing list of governments and corporations actively pursuing blockchain technology, the likelihood of cryptocurrency-based global solutions is increasing each day. As the total market capitalization for digital currencies  surpasses $90 billion , it comes as no surprise that eyes are turning to this emerging technology. Dubai, Zimbabwe, Norway, Delaware; as more governments turn to blockchain, it’s only a matter of time before the nations of Latin America do as well. However, as Luis said, if the governments and banks don’t implement these changes, the people are in a position to do it themselves.  “You have governments and banks who have a lot of power and they ’re noticing what ’s happening … we ’re seeing that now, banks getting into the cryptocurrency space, and I think that trend is only going to accelerate.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Vancouver House Listed For Digital Currency: Honest Mistake or Sign of a Growing Gray Market? Twitter  A house is listed for sale in Metro Vancouver for Bitcoin or Ethereum. It also appears on Craigslist’s Hong Kong real estate page. The 5,000 square foot house in Coquitlam, B.C. has been on the bitcoin market since April 2.  The ad features a new home and refers to Vancouver as “one of the hottest markets on the planet. Voted #1 place to live in the world.” The asking price  – 2,099 bitcoins  – is currently about $5 million in Canadian dollars.  CBC.ca dug to the bottom of the ad, reaching out to Realtor Mario Figliola, who has the house listed in a traditional manner for $2.6 million. He wants the ad removed, calling it an honest mistake made by somebody he knows who apparently has an affinity towards digital currency.  “I was telling someone else how difficult it is now to sell a higher end house because the market has changed. There ’s more rules and regulations on taxes, like the foreign tax has come into effect, ” said Figliola.  “He heard that, I guess, and he said I ’m going to get you a buyer, so he posted an ad. ”  Figliola added:  “This person is not a Realtor. He was just trying to help out, I guess.” Figliola did not identify his friend.  Accepting bitcoin for a home is legal, so long as you ’re the homeowner. But in so doing, the burden of due diligence falls on the home owner selling the home instead of the bank. A realtor cannot accept bitcoin for a home, as they are reporting entities under the Proceeds of Crime and Terrorist Financing Act and therefore must know the identities of people involved in a real estate transaction.  “They have to be aware of the Criminal Code, ” said legal expert Christine Duhaime, who specializes on counter-terrorist financing and anti-money laundering law.  “It prohibits them from taking bitcoin from a terrorist organization, a sanctioned country or organization or from taking money they know is associated with the commission of a serious offence anywhere in the world. ”  CBC.CA wonders if the listings placement in the Hong Kong Craigslist hints that foreigners are still interested in the Metro Vancouver market even though China has implemented stricter capital controls when it comes to money leaving the country. Investors, for instance, cannot take over $50,000 U.S. from China. Financial Times  reports  more than 98 percent of recent bitcoin transactions have originated in China.  Vancouver and Canada’s real estate market has cooled off in recent months. The region implemented a provincial foreign buyer tax and China’s crackdown has apparently dampened interest. Over the last year, home sales have fallen by half. Prices have stalled.  Huffington Post  wonders if the ad is a sign that Chinese buyers are looking to purchase homes in the region on the downlow.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Opinion: Are Bitcoiners Losing Faith? Twitter  “I have zero trust left for Jihan Wu and Bitmain. I do not believe they have the best interests of the Bitcoin community in mind. They continue to collect substantial fees from everyone, yet try to deflect blame on others who get none of those fees whatsoever. ”  So  charged  Eric Lombrozo, a bitcoin developer, in a statement that amounts to nothing less but the president scolding the supreme court, breaching long standing constitutional norms, which is usually followed by a crisis.  On the other hand, Jeff Garzik, another bitcoin developer, has made a  personal statement  asking the bitcoin community to support segwit+2MB, a proposal that is viewed as just segwit for big blockers, and data center nodes for small blockers.  Jihan Wu and other miners, for their own part, haven ’t minced their words towards some developers or proposals. While Blockstream ’s  “contractor, ” Luke DashJr, who believes in absolute monarchy, calls for the firing of miners.  All of this would have been very interesting back in 2015, maybe even in 2016, but now much of it is far too boring as everyone has seen this movie already, and has seen it many times. So no one is paying attention anymore to anything they say. Time to act was long ago, time to try and achieve results through voice was long before that. Now, it appears to be time to exit or put  up.  And exit they are. Both of bitcoin ’s public places are covered in ethereum news. The less than two years old network has achieved many firsts, with many wondering whether it will achieve another first, whether it will overtake bitcoin ’s market cap.  Bitcoin Community  – image source reddit.  The atmosphere is depressing in all of bitcoin ’s spaces and, for those of us who cheered with many of them in 2013, it is sad. Yet, it was all predictable and they were warned long ago that capacity had to be increased because the whole point of bitcoin is to move value from A to B.  But, few of those who cheered in 2013 remain in bitcoin. Many of them left during spring last year. Most of the rest followed this spring, joining a community that continues that 2013 cheering, ethereum.  Bitcoin  – actually good new meme  – image source reddit.  You know bitcoin is in trouble when someone unironically says  “this is actually good for bitcoin. ” It isn ’t. Save for an unfixable protocol bug that makes the network nonoperational, one can ’t really see anything worse for bitcoin than a community failure.  Because, on a social, rather than technical, level, bitcoin has failed  – objectively speaking. It failed the moment  Michael Marquardt , the top moderator of r/bitcoin, who gained such moderatorship in unclear circumstances, began using censorship and banning, after advocating for years anarcho-capitalism and NAP.  A policy that had long been used on IRC where much bitcoin development discussion takes place, causing some developers to leave. Developers who, in turn, created an oasis of innovation outside of bitcoin, while bitcoin stagnated.  Bitcoin, Myspace?  – image source reddit.  In that sort of atmosphere, which was largely hidden due to mainly occurring on IRC in a conversation format filled with plenty of noise, it was only a matter of time until bitcoin became a relic as unarguably it has at a protocol level.  The solution was fairly easy, on the surface, but with bitcoin being the very first, launched in a manner whereby no one really thought it would work, influential positions were gained not necessarily on merit, but on first come first served basis.  Thus, bitcoin ’s first seen rule became highest fee with its transactions  – that previously could be said are as good as instant due to the practical difficulty of double spending  – becoming as good as next day or next week. Even for the privileged few, it takes 10 minutes in a digital age where everything is instant.  Thus, people and businesses left to that digital currency which continues to keep bitcoin ’s promise of as good as free and as good as instant. A currency which received some more real actual good news from China, where OKCoin and Huobi are to list it for trading from tomorrow.  That sparked this latest round of depression for those who remain in bitcoin as OKCoin explicitly  stated :  “We implore BTC Core developers and relevant Miners to work together and resolve any outstanding technical issues, activate Segwit, and solve BTC ’s scaling issues. Our industry and the history of technology offers us many warnings, whether it’s the IE browser or the Nokia mobile phone. No matter how dominant, how much market share you have, if you do not adopt the latest technology and fail to constantly improve on the core user value proposition, time will pass you by. ”  Many would argue it already has, not least because some bitcoin developers and miners have already tried to work together and have failed, with one bitcoiner putting it fairly succinctly:  Bitcoin miners and developers  – image source reddit.  Maybe bitcoin is, but not the bitcoin dream. That has re-branded now to ethereum, where most developers work for the richest blockchain company, the Ethereum Foundation, which holds the vast majority of its assets in eth.  That means a social attack on that network would be far more costly, not least because it is backed by many household brands, including Toyota, Samsung, JP Morgan, Microsoft, Intel, BP and far too many others.  Can Eth Settle Bitcoin ’s Scalability Debate?  After years of debate, ethereum might also provide the conclusive evidence to settle it. That network now boasts of having three times more nodes than bitcoin, making it the most decentralized public blockchain.  That too is a first, among a long line of them. It shows, to whoever cares about objectivity, that an increased utility increases the number of nodes. A fairly self evident fact because higher utility means a higher level of users, means a higher amount of people/businesses who want to or need to run a node.  Just to show it further, bitcoin ’s node numbers have stagnated to around 7,000, because despite an increased price, it has not attracted more businesses, more projects, more innovation, more people who are incentivized to run a node.  But, some bitcoin developers have long moved from facts to theology, so such data points are most probably non-indicative for a number of petty reasons that completely ignore practical reality.  That said, this is not necessarily an obituary for the phoenix. It gives me no pleasure to daily read depressing comments in bitcoin ’s public places. I would be far happier to see bitcoin move and fairly compete with eth.  Which means miners, developers and businesses need to make a decision  – either fork or don ’t fork. But that ’s what I said a year ago. No one listened then, doubt anyone will listen now. So I ’m off to get some sugar and cheer up at the ethereum land.  Disclaimer: The views expressed in the article are solely that of the author and do not represent those of, nor should they be attributed to CCN.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Japan And South Korea To Invest More In Bitcoin Twitter  Concerns over the low saving rates in Japan and South Korea, the citizens of the two countries are investing more in bitcoin. Comparing to the average 17 percent gain of Asian stocks in 2017, the value of the cryptocurrency  increased  by 124 percent over the same period (after a 125 percent gain in 2016). Just in May alone, BTC had seen a 60 percent increase during the month.  After a crackdown at China ’s Central Bank earlier this year, more investors in Japan and South Korea turned to the cryptocurrency. According to the media publication  Reuters , the increased Japanese and Korean investment had an impact on bitcoin ’s surge in 2017.  Bitcoin exchanges in the two Asian countries are saying they had experienced higher interest in the cryptocurrency over the last two weeks. One reason could be that Japan  accepted a bill  in April officially recognizing digital currencies, including bitcoin, as real money. Due to strict money-laundering rules, which make it hard for investors to move the cryptocurrency in and out, BTC trades at premium in both countries. While, for example, on May 25, the global average bitcoin price was $2,514, the digital currency was  traded on $3,800  in South Korea with a 33.5 percent premium.  “After I first heard about the bitcoin scheme, I was so excited I couldn ’t sleep. It ’s like buying a dream. Everyone says we can ’t rely on Japanese pensions anymore. This worries me, so I started bitcoins, ” Mutsuko Higo, a 55-year-old Japanese social insurance and labor consultant said. Higo bought around 200,000 yen ($1800) worth of bitcoin in March to supplement her retirement savings.  Asia is one of the main supporters of the cryptocurrency with the booming investment culture in the region, where it is common to swap investment tips. According to a ranking by CoinMarketCap, China,  Japan , and South Korea are home to several high traffic cryptocurrency exchanges.  Since bitcoin is mostly unregulated in Asia and the laws for the exchanges are uneven, there is a significant risk associated with the trade of the cryptocurrency. For example, in Hong Kong, BTC exchanges operate under money service operator licenses. On the other hand, in South Korea, the regulation for exchanges is similar to online stores, trading physical goods. However, So uth Korea is planning to  introduce regulations  on the digital currency in 2017.  Since in most Asian countries, there are no rules for investor protection, the rise of bitcoin ’s popularity attracts an increasing number of scammers. South Korean authorities reported they had busted the members of a pyramid scheme, which gained approximately $55 million scamming thousands of victims. Because of the lack of regulations, India also sees the number of such  pyramid schemes rising  in the country.  Leonhard Weese, president of the Bitcoin Association of Hong Kong, who is also a bitcoin investor himself, warned bitcoin investors about the potential risks associated to the cryptocurrency:  “Trading carries huge risk: there is no investor protection and plenty of market manipulation and insider trading. Some of the exchanges cannot be trusted in my opinion. ”  To increase trust and user protection, some of the larger exchanges implemented security measures and compensation guarantees. However, numerous small cryptocurrency exchanges are operating with almost no supervision. Learning from the MtGox fraud in 2014, the Financial Services Agency (FSA) in Japan closely supervises exchanges, but not investors or traders.  “The government is not guaranteeing the value of cryptocurrencies. We are asking for bitcoin exchanges to fully explain the risk of sharp price moves, ” an FSA official said.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Antonopoulos Answers the Inevitable Bitcoin-Terrorism Question Twitter  During a talk, noted bitcoin advocate, technologist  & entrepreneur Andreas M. Antonopoulos was asked the inevitable question-   ‘Will Bitcoin make it easier for terrorists to fund their operations? ’  Bitcoin is known by many for its  dark past , notably its association with the deep web marketplace Silk Road. A haven for drug dealers, would-be assassins, and myriads of other criminal activity, it was unfortunately because of the affiliation with Silk Road that many first heard of Bitcoin. That association often lead people to believe Bitcoin was a scam or somehow illegal, a reputation the cryptocurrency still causing  friction to this day.  The suspicious refer to Bitcoin’s anonymity and inability to be traced as the primary motivations for terrorist organizations to utilize the cryptocurrency as a means to fund their operations. That and Bitcoin’s widespread adoption throughout the deep-web makes the cryptocurrency an obvious choice for under-the-table and illegal transactions.   These very reasons that make Bitcoin appealing to criminal organizations are hard-baked into the cryptocurrency’s protocol. Bitcoin’s method for obfuscating the identities of users involved in transactions is a key component of the success of distributed ledger technology. The identity protection allows for public, yet secure, ledgers that are visible to all users.   Is it worth the Risk?  Though these features of Bitcoin make the technology a potential avenue for terrorists and criminals, by facilitating the success of blockchain technology these features, suggests Antonopoulos, are what make cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin such a potentially disruptive asset for the global population.  “We live in a world where criminals use technology,” Antonopoulos goes on to explain, “money, telephones, shoes, but we don’t ban those technologies just because criminals use them.” He responds to the question by outlining how cryptocurrencies and blockchain-based technology will serve a far greater purpose: giving access to financial systems historically out of reach for over  four billion people around the world.  “Most of humanity will use them for food, sanitation, healthcare, etc. It is a fake promise that we’re going to stop terrorism by controlling everyone’s money, because all it goes is exclude billions of people from the global financial system.”  For his full response see  Antonopoulos’ video of the talk .  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   BitTicket Uses Ethereum Classic to Book Tickets on a Blockchain Twitter  Citizen Ticket has launched a new ticket delivery system called BitTicket, becoming the first digital events ticket on the blockchain for public events.  By utilizing Ethereum Classic, it is hoped that Citizen Ticket can resolve many of the unethical problems that plague the event ticketing market such as ticket touts, ticket hoarding by secondary ticket websites and counterfeiters.  Citizen Ticket has already undertaken its first event using the blockchain technology to issue tickets at the Scottish Street Food Awards in Edinburgh, which took place on 12 May.  When it comes to the ticket industry there are two ticket websites: the primary ticket website and a secondary ticket resell website.  According to  Citizen Ticket , the main purpose of the secondary ticket website is to enable the market leader to hold a number of tickets from their primary ticket website so that they can then sell those tickets for higher prices on their secondary website, under the guise that this is a platform that has been designed to allow fans to resell tickets.  Marcus Mumford from Mumford  & Sons, said:  Getting onstage is the best thing about being a musician, seeing your audience get ripped off is undoubtedly the worst. It ’s hard to ensure that true fans have the best opportunity of getting into shows, at the right price, but are often powerless when faced with organized industrial-scale ticket touting.  When a BitTicket has been created by an event organizer, a smart contract is created which sets the rules for the ticket.  Once the rules have been set they are fixed in place, ensuring that no ticket tout or secondary ticket website can withhold tickets to then charge them at higher prices.  Enter Ethereum Classic  We all remember the decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) hack in 2016. Prior to the hack, the DAO was a notable project of Ethereum, which had managed to raise $150 million in ether during a public crowdsale.  Held online, anyone had the option to take part in the crowdsale, upon which they would receive tokens based on the money they had invested into the DAO. These tokens then gave them the right to vote and help decide on how the money raised should be used.  During this period, though, the DAO was hacked, which saw the  theft of $60 million of ether .  What followed saw a split between the Ethereum community which saw the  introduction of Ethereum Classic .  Interestingly, enough, while Ethereum Classic appears to be the newest of the two factions, it is in fact the one that still functions with the old version of the blockchain; however, the funds that people lost in the DAO hack were lost with this version. Ethereum itself created an entirely new blockchain, moving its funds to a new address.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   As Price Reaches Record Highs, is Bitcoin in a Capacity Crisis? Twitter  Imagine you are slightly late for work, quickly getting a shower, brushing your teeth and all the rest, walking – in an almost running manner – to the tube station, to then find out there are 200,000 people waiting outside to get the train.  What’s more, the train only handles 4,000 individuals and arrives every ten minutes, during which period new individuals arrive at a rate of 4 per second. Now, it’s ok, you’re busy, you can still be one of those 4,000 individuals and get to work if you pay a high enough fee.  So you check out the notice which says the current estimated fee is $1, but since others are seeing the same notice too and paying $1 too, the fee keeps going up every second, with these higher fees paid by the new individuals that come every second, pushing you down the queue.  Tough luck, you can’t make it to work today because your $1 bid is now as good as worthless to the super congested network. The next day you learn the lesson, so instead of bidding what the notice says, you bid 10% or 20% more, but you weren’t the only one who missed work yesterday, almost everyone else did too and they have this genius but obvious idea too, making you miss wor k again.  The next day you get angry and pay double the fee, but you’re not the only angry one. Now, sure, some in this lottery do get to make it to work, 4,000 every 10 minutes with 200,000 waiting, but a lot don’t, resulting in a bidding war which looks like below:  Bitcoin ’s fees go vertical  – source blockchain.info  As can be seen, bitcoin’s fees have gone vertical, which is bad, but if you know you’d get through for x dollars then at least you can evaluate the proposition. Instead, you’re not only paying high fees, but you don’t even know whether you will get the service you paid for because of simple logics.  Let’s take, for example, a statement by Luke Dashjr, a Blockstream “open hash contractor,” who suggested everyone pay a $5 fee and you’ll get through. If we analyze this a bit further, we can start by asking why people are not paying $5 and one good reason is because then everyone would start paying $5 meaning newcomers would outbid them by paying $5.01.  Sure, one or two guys might currently “cheat” and jump the queue by paying $5, but as long as it’s a very tiny minority the rest let it go. If instead, it went to a point where say 1,000 of the 4,000 are paying $5, the other 3,000 will probably quickly start paying $5.01.  This clearly shows ordering transactions by fee is an unworkable idea which is why Satoshi Nakamoto ordered transactions by first seen in the bitcoin clients he/she released, a rule largely enforced by the bitcoin network until full capacity was reached.  The Easy Attack  Still, even the above problems, as bad as they are, might be bearable for desperate bitcoiners, but let’s imagine I’m a wealthy company, say Vusa, or Rapp Labs, or a wealthy guy who just doesn’t like bitcoin.  Just to be very clear, no one is suggesting either of them has behaved in any nefarious way, but say I’m a competitor to bitcoin or recently attracting much hype and attention due to gaining crazy high market cap in just days. You know what I could do with just $2 million?  I could send bitcoin down crashing as far as its sole purpose of moving bitcoins is concerned. That’s because bitcoin’s capacity is limited to around 250,000 transactions, but just to make it simple let’s say it can handle only 200,000 transactions a day.  At $1, it would cost me just $200,000 to take up that space, which is fine, everyone else could pay $1.50. But, at $10 per transaction it would cost me only $2 million to send everyone else at the back of the queue.  Now sure, you can pay $11 or $12, but even at a fee of $20 it would cost just $4 million, as good as nothing considering how much value may flood to the competitors and considering the shock bitcoin would receive if all the sudden everyone is asked to pay $25 per transaction.  There is no evidence to suggest this is happening at scale, but fees went up yesterday from around $1 to around $4 for a normal transaction. It could be ordinary demand, but it could also be someone or some entity which wants to send bitcoin crashing.  They have succeeded as far as bitcoin’s sole purpose of moving bitcoins around is concerned because around 200,000 bitcoins have been stuck for the past 24 hours while fees have gone parabolic pricing everyone out.  Another Obituary?  Bitcoin has only one job – to move data from a to b – and it is failing to do that simple task. A task which is not really rocket science as some claim because everyone and their cat have launched their own bitcoin like network which actually manages to continue performing their one task.  No wonder bitcoin’s market share has now fallen down to  around 48% , nearly halved from just a few months ago, but its price has now doubled to more than $2,000 and its market cap keeps going up, so, who knows. Maybe $20 fees and days for one transaction are a good thing?  Or maybe it’s all just because of the recent advertising following allegations Trump’s  Press Secretary  and an aid to the French President Macron had used bitcoin, combined with the recent ransom global incident.  Or perhaps it ’s only because bitcoin is the main gateway to other altcoins, although ethereum has started making inroads on that front due to its own tokens system and clones.  But maybe the market sees value in a limited coin you just buy and lock away in some paper wallet somewhere, forgetting about it, like actual gold and just as difficult as well as expensive to move around.  In which case, “Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System,” as bitcoin’s  white paper  describes it, has failed, because the current bitcoin is not a cash system. Cash can be exchanged almost instantly with 0 fee and can be moved around fairly easily without getting stuck for days.  Which might be why the market is giving conflicting signals. On the one hand, it’s falling market share is probably because bitcoin investors and other market participants are looking for the real bitcoin, the cash system, which many think has just changed its name to ethereum while getting some cool new tech like smart contracts.  It may be that these newcomers think bitcoin is still the cash system rather than seemingly having changed into something else, or maybe they like this idea of gold but with very high fees or they’re in markets which have no choice, although even they could easily diversify.  Bitcoin is Dead, Long Live Bitcoin  So, to conclude, bitcoin is definitely in crisis because the real bitcoin as described in the whitepaper does not exist anymore. The real bitcoin uses the first seen rule for transactions, rather than ordering by fee. The real bitcoin never operates at full blocks. The real bitcoin has as good as no fees and confirms almost instantly.  What now is called bitcoin is an aberration, something completely different and planned to become even more different. Far more similar to ripple with its hubs and intermediary banks than to bitcoin.  The real bitcoin, the digital cash, the codable money, the global, inclusive, permissionless network, the innovative powerhouse which has grabbed the world’s imagination, that has changed its name and is now called ethereum.  Disclaimer: The views expressed in the article are solely that of the author and do not represent those of, nor should they be attributed to CCN.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Ethereum Based Aragon Teams with Mobile DApp Browser for Mobile Decentralization Twitter  Aragon, a decentralized management platform that enables creating and managing organizations on the  Ethereum  blockchain, has partnered with a decentralized browser, messenger and gateway called Status.im that allows users to store ETH and Ethereum-based assets. The partnership will allow clients to create and maintain their organizations on a mobile device, having access to governance, fundraising, payroll, accounting and more.  Aragon claims it has built  “the easiest way to operate organizations on Ethereum, ” developing a management tool specifically to disintermediate the creation and maintenance of companies worldwide. Companies will be able to go mobile without incurring the development costs of building native Android and iOS applications.  Organizations on the network will be built using Aragon Core, a  Solidity  DAO framework and dApp, according to the Aragon  white paper .  Early Adopters: Open Source Projects  Aragon expects distributed companies and open source projects to be its early adopters, according to the company  website . This is because open source projects do not currently have a clear way to operate as organizations. Distributed companies also face complexities in their operations. Open source projects and distributed companies have to spend exorbitant amounts of time dealing with tasks that can be solved with technology.  “Our aim is to make decentralized organizations widespread,” said Luis Cuende, co-founder and project lead at Aragon. “To achieve this vision, we have built the easiest way to operate organizations on Ethereum.”  Up until now, Aragon has only been available on Windows, MacOS, Linux and web browsers, leaving out around 2.3 billion smartphone users.  “It was the need for bringing Aragon to mobile, without the excessive development hurdles of building native Android and iOS applications, which inspired our collaboration with Status,” said Cuende.  Ethereum Gateway For Smartphones  Status.im, founded in Singapore in 2016, is a dApp browser and messenger for Ethereum. In creating an Ethereum portal, Status.im seeks to serve as a gateway for smartphone users to begin using dApps and as a way for dApp developers to reach new users. Besides accessing the dApps ecosystem, users can send encrypted messages, smart contracts and currency to each other using Ether eum’s decentralized protocols.  “Over the course of the coming months, Status.im will bring Aragon to mobile, creating a user-friendly experience with an engaging and well-designed user face,” Cuende said. “We look forward to providing our Aragon organizations with the ability to develop and maintain their decentralized organization on mobile, creating value at the tap of a button.”  “Aragon is one of the projects we are most excited about in the entire space,” said Jarrad Hope, Status.im co-founder. “The ability to form borderless organizations, instantaneously, and at a fraction of the transaction costs of traditional infrastructure, will foster entrepreneurship on a global scale. Naturally, a mobile interface is a perfect match, particularly for catering  to developing markets.”  Also read:  Ethereum DAO critics call for a moratorium  Token Sale   Aragon  raised $25 million  in a token sale that lasted under 15 minutes with 2,403 buyers participating in the ICO from around the world. All funds raised in the form of Aragon Network Tokens (ANT) will be used to continue to build Aragon Core and the Aragon Network, a token-governed digital jurisdiction, to address core governance issues and improve efficiency.  Cuende, featured on Forbes’ 30 Under 30 list and is an MIT TR35, o-founded  Stampery , a blockchain data certification startup backed by Draper Associates, which invests in companies like Tesla, SpaceX, Skype and Baidu.  Jorge Izquierdo, co-founder and lead tech, has created multiple applications for iOS, macOS and Pebble, such as Showy, an app which reached number two in the Spanish App Store charts.  “We are delighted to partner with Status, one of the most promising projects in the space,” Cuende said. “Not only is their service offering complementary to Aragon, but we also share the same vision of a world full of accessible, user-friendly decentralized applications.”  Aragon views contract upgradeability and decentralized arbitration to be its greatest challenges.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Breaks $2,000 in Historic All-Time High Twitter  Bitcoin price has, for the first time in its history, reached $2,000 and beyond during trading on Saturday.  The world’s most prominent cryptocurrency began trading in 2017 at $1,000 per coin, with today’s new all-time high representing a doubling of value for bitcoin. On an average, bitcoin price climbed to $2,040.88 in global trading markets. On the Bitstamp Price Index (BPI), price struck a high of $2,020.   Trading leading into Saturday saw global average prices climb to $1,968.48. A steady period of trading during the day saw prices climb throughout before crossing the symbolic $2,000 milestone at 18:00 (UTC) on Saturday.  “Nearly seven years ago to the day, the first real-world Bitcoin transaction was completed in Florida, when two pizzas were bought for 10,000 bitcoins,” reminded eToro senior markets analyst Mati Greenspan in conversation with CCN. “If you’d invested $100 in bitcoin that day and left it there, you’d be sitting on over $20 million right now.”  He added:  The $2,000 mark is a historical moment for Bitcoin.  Intriguingly, trading over the last 24 hours was led by US markets followed by Japan, the inverse of recent trading trends of the past few months. Bitfinex, GDAX and Bitstamp led the way in the US marketplace, altogether leading to over 35% of trading in the past 24 hours. Trading markets in Japan, China and South Korea combined for over 45% of trading volumes.   Bitcoin prices have gained 50% in May alone, a month that saw bitcoin in the headlines for being abused by ransomware extortionists behind the global WannaCry cyberattack.  “One might have expected that the WannaCry cyberattack – in which hackers asked for payment in Bitcoin – would have had a negative effect on price, but it seems like not even a ransomware attack can prevent the rise of Bitcoin,” Greenspan added.  The analyst also revealed that bitcoin’s soaring gains hasn’t put off existing investors from continuing to invest in the cryptocurrency. “Bitcoin is gaining some serious momentum among investors on our platform, with 88% of Bitcoin traders still buying the asset.”  Bitcoin’s flourish comes during a time of marked gains for the wider cryptocurrency ecosystem, led by the likes of Ethereum, Litecoin and Ripple.  After hitting  an unprecedented $100  for the first time on Thursday, Ethereum’s ether token is now trading above $125.  Altogether, the entire cryptocurrency market cap is now valued above $70 billion, up from less than  $30 billion  a little over a month ago.   For a real-time Bitcoin price chart, click  here .  Charts from CoinmarketCap, BraveNewCoin and BitcoinWisdom.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Asian Trading, Falling Stocks Helps Push Bitcoin Prices Above $2,000 Twitter  Rising demand for bitcoin by Chinese and Japanese investors combined with falling stocks and other factors pushed bitcoin prices past  the historic $2,000 price mark  Saturday.  Source: Coinmarket.com  By Sunday morning, bitcoin reached $2,103.80, marking a $34.382 billion market capitalization, with more than $1 billion trading in a 24-hour period, according to coinmarketcap.com.  Source: Coinmarket.com  Japan accounted for approximately 55% of the trading, rising beyond the 40% the country’s traders accounted for on Thursday, according to  CNBC , citing data from  CryptoCompare.com .  Prices on the HongKong-basedd Bitfinex exchange also jumped, closing a gap with the price’s international rate, driven by an expectation that bitcoin will be easily converted to U.S. dollars.  Asian Trading Dominates  Trading markets in Japan, China and South Korea combined for over 45% of trading volumes. Because the Japanese yen holds the largest share of bitcoin trading, it pushes the prices higher.  Charles Hayer, CryptoCompare CEO, said arbitrage among the fiat pairs moves markets in line with leading markets, and the volumes on the JPY and KRW pairs dominate trading with a joint 48% market share.  Recently passed legislation in Japan also permits retailers to accept bitcoin legally.  The gap between Chinese and U.S. exchanges for bitcoin dropped from 20% to 5% in one week, according to Chris Burniske, lead analyst at ARK Invest in a  tweet  Saturday.  Investors Seek Safe Havens  The price hit $1,900 on Thursday on concerns about political scandals in the U.S. and Brazil causing stock prices to fall, causing investors to seek safer assets.  U.S. stocks fell after President Donald Trump allegedly asked former FBI director James Comey to drop the investigation into Michael Flynn, the former national security advisor. The S &P 500 tumbled Wednesday in its worst day since September.  Brazilian stocks fell after its president, Michel Temer, reportedly allowed bribes in order to silence a witness in a corruption case.  The major indices recovered well after Wednesday’s slump , although the previously leading NASDAQ lagged the other benchmarks, hinting on a change in the underlying trends. European and Asian equities followed the U.S. market lower, with Japanese stocks being hit hard by the renewed safe-haven demand for the yen. The late week bounce was weak in the Nikkei, the DAX, and the EUROSTOXX 50.  The Chinese market traded sideways during the global correction, but it failed to regain its previous losses, despite being among the stronger regions globally.  Another reflection of the safety concern was the 2% rise in gold futures, which settled at $1,253.60, according to CNBC.  Also read:  Bitcoin approaches $2,000, boosted by global trading and improved scalability prospects  Other Factors Drive Bitcoin Demand  Cryptocurrency conferences in New York City this week as also raised interest in bitcoin, according to some analysts. New York City conferences this coming week include Consensus 2017, Token Summit 2017 and Coinsbank Blockchain Cruise.  Bitcoin has also benefited from an alleviation of the fear that a “hard fork” will be needed – dividing bitcoin into two currencies – to improve bitcoin transaction times. A successful deployment of an alternative scaling solution indicates the hard fork that would have resulted in two separate currencies in order to speed up bitcoin transactions may not be required.  Aurelien Menant, CEO at Gatecoin, a Hong Kong based cryptocurrency exchange, told CNBC that Litecoin’s alternative scaling solution bodes well for bitcoin. Menant previously said bitcoin prices should exceed $3,000 this year.  Bitcoin sentiment has certainly changed for the better since Monday, when its price fell to the low $1,700 range after the  WannaCry  ransomware hackers demanded $300 in bitcoin within three days to unlock victims’ files, with the fines doubling afterward, then preventing access completely after seven days.  The WannaCry attack could have actually worked in bitcoin’s favor, however. Companies began hoarding bitcoin to protect against future “ransomware” attacks, NBC news reported.  Citrix Systems estimated that approximately one-third of U.K. companies purchased digital currency in 2016 in order to “regain access to important intellectual property or business critical data.”  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Will Trump Make A Bitcoin ETF More Likely? Twitter  Optimistic investors view President Donald Trump’s interest in relaxing regulation as a sign that a bitcoin ETF will come to fruition, according to  MarketWatch . Analysts as a whole, however, are less convinced. Investors are awaiting a decision March 11 on a bitcoin ETF by the  Securities and Exchange Commission  on one of the bitcoin ETFs.     On Monday, Trump signed an executive order reduce the number of federal regulations, requiring two regulations to be cut for every new one created.  SEC Chairman Favors Less Regulation  Jay Clayton, a Wall Street lawyer Trump picked to be the next chairman of the SEC, has also said he wants to ease regulation.  But analysts cautioned that while approval of a bitcoin ETF is more likely under the current administration, the bitcoin issue is still uncertain.  Phil Bak, the former head of ETF listings at the New York Stock Exchange, said bitcoin remains a volatile and complex technology, and there is no easy way to “short” bitcoin— to bet on a decline in prices.  Bak, who is now the CEO of ACSI Funds, which runs the customer satisfaction ETF ACSI, -0.55%, said an exchange listing would bring trading efficiencies that would ease bitcoin’s liquidity. He said he would support the fund’s approval.  ETF Could Boost Bitcoin Investment  Analysts have estimated that $300 million could enter the bitcoin ecosystem in the first week after a fund is approved.  The SEC has to be careful before approving something that’s untested, Bak said, but the government has no right to tell people what they can and can’t invest in.  The SEC said it would either approve or disapprove the  Winklevoss Bitcoin Trust ETF  on March 11, which was the first such ETF filed, in 2013. Two other firms that have filed for bitcoin ETFs are SolidX, which filed in July, and  Grayscale Investments , which filed last week. Grayscale operates the Bitcoin Investment Trust.  The SEC chose not to comment.  A spokeswoman at Winklevoss Capital could not be reached for comment.  Also read:  Hedge fund observer skeptical of SEC approving a bitcoin ETF an time soon  Analysts Voice Skepticism  Other analysts are not optimistic about bitcoin ETF approval.  David Brill, the former general counsel for Gemini, has said that passage is unlikely. Gemini is a bitcoin custodian and exchange run by Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, who also operate Winklevoss Capital.  Spencer Bogart, a bitcoin analyst at investment bank Needham  & Co., said earlier this month that the likelihood of the ETF’s approval was very low. He said there is no reason to disapprove the Winklevoss Bitcoin ETF. But the confluence of doubt, fear and uncertainty, along with basic incentives at the SEC, will make it very difficult.  Bitcoin’s volatility remains a key hurdle from a regulatory standpoint. After hitting nearly $1,200 earlier this month, prices fell to about $760 in about a week.  Michael Arone, chief investment strategist at State Street Global Advisors, said financial regulations will be looser under Trump. One would think this would mean an easier passage for a Bitcoin ETF, but it remains too early to tell. Arone’s firm launched the first gold-tracking ETF GLD, +0.42% and the first ETF in general, the SPDR S &P 500 ETF SPY, -0.62%  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Japan Could See 20,000 Bitcoin Accepting Merchants in 2017 Twitter  As Japan prepares to  enforce regulations  upon bitcoin exchanges in the country this, a development that was  encouraged  by the local bitcoin industry, the number of merchants accepting the cryptocurrency is expected to quintuple to 20,000 this year.  By 2016’s end, there were  over 4,2000 bitcoin-accepting merchants  and storefronts in the country, quadrupling from the total from 2015. The frenetic growth followed a bill, approved by the Japanese cabinet, to  recognize digital currencies as real money , or legal tender.  Tokyo’s ResuPress, a bitcoin payment processor that is also the operator and parent company of Japanese bitcoin exchange CoinCheck, expects the trend of accepting bitcoin among merchants to continue and step up a gear in 2017. Through a partnership with an energy company in Japan, ResuPress has already enabled Japanese users to  pay their electricity bills  with the cryptocurrency.  In a report by  Nikkei , ResuPress believes bitcoin payments toward utilities will soon be expanded into water and gas beyond electricity and hopes to raise the number of merchants accepting bitcoin to 20,000 in 2017.  The report also highlights Tokyo-based bitcoin exchange BitFlyer, the biggest trading platform in the country, launching an e-commerce shopping website that accepts bitcoin. In half a year since its launch in April 2016, sales grew tenfold.  Regulation. Awareness. Bitcoin Boom  In recent communication with CCN via email, CoinCheck’s chief of business development Kagayaki Kawabata points to Japan’s regulatory moves as  the primary factor  for bitcoin’s growing popularity in the country. Once shunned in a negative light during the fallout of the now-defunct Mt. Gox exchange, the cryptocurrency is seeing plenty of press that is helping spread awareness in the country.  Scheduled to take place in spring 2017, the regulatory bill is, in essence, a legislative revision to the fund settlement law. Originally, the law did not recognize bitcoin and digital currencies as equivalents to conventional currencies. The amendment will deem bitcoin to have “asset-like values” to make it legal as tender with payments or with transfers as an asset.  Japan is seeing a tremendous interest in bitcoin.     Further, bitcoin is increasingly being seen as a transactional currency in its duality as an investment or store of value.  “Many still think of Bitcoin as an investment vehicle. However, the situation is changing where Bitcoin is also starting to be used as a payment method in the past few years,” Kawabata stated in an email.  An excerpt from Nikkei’s report points to yet another factor that could see a massive wave of publicity and adoption of bitcoin in the country.  Unlike national currencies, it [bitcoin] transcends borders without the need for exchange. It would behoove Japan, as host of the 2020 summer Olympics, to cater to foreigners paying in bitcoin.  Images from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Pan-African Bitcoin Startup BitPesa Raises $2.5 Milion Twitter  BitPesa , a prominent bitcoin payments startup that initially launched in Kenya in November 2013 before expanding its presence in countries in Africa and beyond, has announced a $2.5 million Series A round of funding.  The Series A round was led by noted US-based industry investor Draper VC, alongside participation from existing investors including the Digital Currency Group, Blockchain Capital, Pantera Capital Management, BnkToTheFuture, Zephyr Acorn and FuturePerfectVC. US venture capital firm Greycroft LLC joins as a new shareholder and investor.  BitPesa CEO Elizabeth Rosielleo revealed that the funds will be used to focus on customer acquisition and the company’s growth with a focus in Nigeria, BitPesa’s largest market. The company also sells bitcoin in Nigeria, alongside Kenya and Uganda.  The executive added:  We are well on our way to achieving our goal of becoming the largest licensed payment company in the UK, Europe and Africa that offers real-time settlement at wholesale FX rates to frontier and emerging markets, with best in class compliance and customer service.  The funding round also sees BitPesa’s Group Holdings move to Luxembourg. In Europe, the bitcoin payments company is licensed as an authorized payment institution in the UK by the FCA (Financial Conduct Authority).  Furthering Footprint  BitPesa enables African users to buy and sell local African currencies through bitcoin, with settlements directly transacting to and from bank and mobile money accounts in Africa. As a payments processor, BitPesa’s services facilitates quick and cheap payments between East, Central and West African countries without the need for dated, time-consuming bank wire transfers. On an  international scale, BitPesa uses bitcoin to exchange African currencies with other global currencies, negating the need to use the US dollar as the benchmark currency during a foreign exchange.  The latest funding round follows a ‘ strategic investment ’ by bitcoin mining giant BitFury in the company in early 2016. In February 2015, BitPesa  received $1 million in new funding , having ended its first of operations in late 2014 with over $.17 million in equity. Altogether, it is estimated that BitPesa has raised over $5 million in funding since late 2013.  Lead investor Tim Draper offers an explanation for the ongoing success of the standout African bitcoin company. He stated:  BitPesa is well positioned to dominate the huge market opportunity for digital payments across Africa and beyond. It takes a locally-based team to work in the evolving landscape of frontier market financial services, and BitPesa’s approach to investing in teams, infrastructure, and compliance from Lagos to London gives them a strong advantage.  Featured image from BitPesa.  
DECREASE	   European Commission Considering Limits on Virtual Currency Transactions Twitter  The European Commission has released an  Inception Impact Assessment  [PDF] considering transaction limits on virtual currency transactions as it steps up efforts in its fight against the financing of terrorism.  On 2 February, 2016, the Commission published a Communication to the Council and the Parliament on an Action Plan to tackle terrorism financing. The Action Plan builds on existing EU rules to adapt to new threats and intends at updating EU policies that are in line with international standards.  In a bid to deal with the controls of cash entering or leaving a country, reference is made to explore the relevant upper limits to cash payments.  According to the Action Plan, it states that ‘payments in cash are widely used in the financing of terrorist activities…In this context, the relevance of potential upper limits to cash payments could also be explored.’  As of February 12, 2016, the Economic and Financial Affairs Council called on the Commission to explore the need for restrictions on cash payments exceeding certain thresholds. This can be seen in conjunction with the European Central Bank’s (ECB) decision as of 4 May, 2016 to discontinue the production of the 500 Euro banknote. The issuance of this value is expected to cease b y around 2018 to tackle issues circulating that this note may be used to finance illegal activities.  Virtual Currency Limits  Considering recent technological developments around virtual currencies such as bitcoin the EC is considering an option to extend restrictions to cash payments to all payments ensuring anonymity, which includes virtual currencies and payments in kind.  The amendments to the Anti-Money Laundering Directive (AML) shares the Action Plan’s objective. Therefore, any measure that limits cash payments would be complementary to the actions addressed by the review of the AML Directive targeting risks posed through virtual currencies and prepaid instruments.  EU Considering Bitcoin Tightening  Earlier this month the European Parliament released a new report  focusing on virtual currencies  like bitcoin for the first time in a bid to tackle anti-money laundering issues. It’s a priority that the EC hopes to achieve by the end of 2017.  As part of its mission to bring an end to the anonymity associated with digital currency transactions, the EC proposed  stricter rules in July for the use of digital currencies  targeting amendments to the 2015 Fourth Anti-Money Laundering Directive.  Additionally, in a way of  controlling virtual currencies  such as bitcoin the ECB proposed a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council in October, stating that ‘virtual currencies do not qualify as currencies from a Union perspective.’  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Czech Republic Introduces Law Regulating (Restricting) Bitcoin Twitter  The  Czech Republic  has introduced a law restricting bitcoin, according to an  article  by Elizabeth Vejvodova, editor of Pravni radce (Legal Counselor). The article noted that more than 80 locations in  Prague  accept bitcoin.  The Czech Republic previously had no law regulating cryptocurrency. An anti-money laundering law prepared by the Finance Ministry requires virtual currency exchanges to determine the identity of customers. Bitcoin users will no longer be able to “hide behind fake names or nicknames.”  The Finance Ministry determined that it is possible to disguise links to criminal activity using virtual currency and that virtual currency poses the risk of tax fraud.  The law has been endorsed by the House and now heads to the Senate. Cryptocurrency users have called the law a disaster.  Financial Service Providers Affected  The law only applies to financial service providers. Someone who accepts payments in virtual currency only but does not provide other services like virtual wallets are not obligated.  The government also plans to amend the value added tax (VAT) section making the purchaser of goods or services liable for VAT. Should a contractor fail to pay the VAT, the tax office could take action.  Bitcoin has been exempt from VAT by the European Union.  Exchanges must pay state income tax. Revenues from transactions must be valued on a daily basis using the official exchange rate of virtual currrencies.  Licensing On The Way?  The tax office wants money changers and electronic wallet providers to be licensed and to register with state governments. In the future, merchants that accept bitcoin may need to register and require customers to provide proof of identity when paying with bitcoin.  Cryptocurrency specialists have said the regulation is not excessive and does not needlessly hurt innovation.  Image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Indonesia’s Largest Private Bank Launches $15 Million Fintech VC Firm Twitter  Indonesia’s Bank Central Asia (BCA), the country’s largest private bank, has steamrolled its way into the Fintech space with an investment of 200 billion rupiah (approx. $15 million) in financial technology startups and companies.  The private lender is establishing Central Capital Ventura (CCV), owning all 100% of the new capital venture firm.  According to an official BCA statement submitted to the Indonesia Stock Exchange (IDX), investments will directly benefit BCA and its financial services offerings in the country.  As reported by the  Jakarta Post , an excerpt from the stock exchange filing reads:  CCV has a plan to invest and collaborate with fintech companies and financial firms that will support BCA and its subsidiaries’ financial services ecosystem to add value for customers.  BCA has a significant retail banking footprint in Indonesia, with some 1,200 branches across the country. Despite being the largest private bank in the country with 660 trillion rupiah in assets as of September 2016, it is playing catch up to a 500 billion rupiah (approx. $37.5 million) venture capital unit set up by state-owned Bank Mandiri.  Bringing Banking to the Unbanked  The notable push toward Fintech-based offerings is a marked effort by banks to provide banking services to adult Indonesians, over half of whom do not have bank accounts. Penetrating rural areas with banking offerings have proven particularly tricky as settling for existing banking infrastructure reliant on branches and paper correspondence have proven expensive.  Adopting Fintech could see significantly improved banking services in Indonesia.  Fintech solutions have bridged the gap, using seamless credit quality checks and paperless payment technologies to bring banking to the unbanked via smartphone applications. The obvious space for Fintech companies has created a boom in the sector and the big banks are looking to capitalize with their considerable resources.  Figures from Indonesia’s Financial Services Authority (OJK) reveal a staggering 135 fintech startups in Indonesia, as of December, 2016. That number is up nearly threefold from the 51 recorded in Q1 2016. The publication also cites a market statistics firm which forecasts an annual growth rate of 19.8 percent in fintech transactions from 2016. Total transactions within Fintech  platforms in Indonesia are expected to reach $37.15 billion by the year 2021.  New regulations  from the OJK as financial regulator has only spurred on interest in the burgeoning sector, with robust requirements relaxed for industry startups and companies to flourish and contribute to a developing Fintech sector in the country.  Images from Shutterstock and  Flickr .  
DECREASE	   Former Fed Employee Fined $5,000 for Mining Bitcoin on Federal Reserve Server Twitter  A former employee of the US central banking system, the Federal Reserve, was issued a fine of $5,000 and sentenced to 12 months’ probation for mining bitcoin on a Fed-owned server.  Nicholas Berthaume was employed as a communications analyst with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. According to an  announcement  by the Fed’s Inspector’s Office yesterday, Berthaume installed unauthorized software on a Board server, enabling him to connect to an online bitcoin network to mine the cryptocurrency. Court documents have revealed that the software was installed between March 2012 and June 2014.  Berthaume entered a plea agreement after an investigation by the Board’s Inspector General. Prior to receiving the fine and sentence on Friday, Berthaume plead guilty to one charge of misdemeanor for unlawful use of government property. The charge can carry a sentence of a year in jail with a fine up to $100,000.  The IG’s office also stated that it wasn’t clear how many bitcoins were mined by the former employee. An excerpt from Inspector General Mark Bailek’s statement read:  We were unable to conclusively determine the amount of bitcoins earned through the Board’s server due to the anonymity of the Bitcoin network.  According to the IG statement, Berthaume, who had remote access to the server from his home, denied any involvement with the bitcoin mining software initially when confronted with the accusation. Later, Berthaume proceeded to wipe all evidence of his mining activity by remotely removing the software from the Board server. A forensic analysis was able to confirm his involvement,  leading to his firing from the Board. An admission of guilt followed soon after.  “Berthaume’s voluntary admission of guilt and his full cooperation were critical to the timely closure of this matter,” the IG added.  The board has since “implemented security enhancements” following Berthaume’s actions. Other details of the case of bitcoins mined using the central bank’s infrastructure remain scarce.  Image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Rises as Trump ’s Actions Increases Uncertainty Twitter  In a surprising and sudden move, Trump has signed an executive order that enacts a complete ban of entry into America from citizens of seven countries: Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen. Except for Iran, most of them are or have recently been war zones with three of the countries – Iran, Sudan and Syria – already on the US State Sponsors of Terrorism  list .  Restrictions were expected as he promised them during his campaign, but the indiscriminate nature of the ban, combined with its initial application to green card holders, raised questions regarding Trump’s commitment to the rule of law, the competence of his team as well as increased uncertainty on the economy.  The backlash has been considerable, most notably from Silicon Valley. Sam Altman, the president of Y Combinator, called on the tech industry to stand up and they did. CEO after CEO, who in combination control companies worth trillions, contemned the indiscriminate ban. Mike Belshe, the CEO of Bitgo, joined the calls as did the Digital Currency Group and many other bitcoiners.  Our space, of course, is global. Bitcoin is used by Europeans, Arabs, Mexicans, Chinese, Russians, Africans, Americans and everyone in between. All of them are welcomed. The freedom of movement we enjoy, combined with its exchange of ideas, has been one secret ingredient that has given us much prosperity. It is by character we judge, not any other irrelevant quality. This princ iple has given us great strength with the best example being the welcoming of Einstein who considerably contributed towards the ending of the second world war.  Few, therefore, would find an indiscriminate ban acceptable. Would, for example, Malala Yousafzai, who stood up for women’s rights, be banned if she was born in Yemen? Would the next Einstein be banned even though he obviously poses no danger and might even give us great strength?  Increased Uncertainty  The inclusion of green card holders in the ban may indicate that some of the advice Trump is receiving is from incompetent individuals as the way this was implemented has placed his commitment to the rule of law in question and increased uncertainty regarding the way some of his other promises will be implemented.  In particular, some are now wondering whether he will actually really place a 45% tariff on Chinese goods, an act that may send the world economy down tanking. Reflecting the uncertainty, stocks are already down, the dollar is falling, while bitcoin has suddenly gone up by $40.  Bitcoin Rises Following Trump ’s Travel Ban From Seven Countries  However, although Trump may be many things, stupid is unlikely to be one of them. The initial strictness of the order, regardless of whether one agrees or disagrees, is a textbook negotiation tactic. The quick removal of green card holders from the ban might make the rest slightly more acceptable. The initial complete ban might make the eventual probable loosening of the rules to take into account exceptions as a more acceptable end status quo.  Moreover, the target itself, despite wide opposition, is a somewhat soft pick to show to Mexico, China and perhaps even ISIS, that he actually means business. They, or any rational observer, can no longer be sure that the 45% tariff or any other of his statements are a negotiation tactic.  Still, a sudden tariff on China would have a very different response. Rather than open letters and some protests, the stock market would probably instantly crash and the economy he promised to make great again would return to recession or worse. As such, it remains very unlikely, but instead of just a negotiation tactic it can now be considered as a realistic threat.  To illustrate, he hasn’t yet said or done anything in regards to China where the economy is concerned, with the exception of repealing the  Trans-Pacific Partnership . It is doubtful he will before meeting his Chinese counterpart for talks on how the relationship moves forward.  The Eleven Days of Trump  If we judge impartially, what Trump has  done so far  is largely in line with what he has promised. For our space in particular, he has frozen any new regulations pending review and signed an order requiring the repealing of two regulations for any one enacted by federal agencies. He has set up a new system to fast-track infrastructure projects as well as imposed a lifetime ban on administration officials lobbying foreign governments and a five-year ban on other types of lobbying.  He did sign an order for the wall, delivering on that promise, even though many, including some of his supporters, do not agree with the building of an actual wall. America could, instead, have a Marshall plan for Mexico, its own neighbor, as it worked perfectly well for Europe.  Most controversially, the indiscriminate nature of the ban is surprising, but it appears to have less to do with immigration or Muslims in general and more to do with perhaps ending this 15 years long war we have been fighting that has cost around three million lives in Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq, including the lives of thousands of Americans, both soldiers and civilians, as well as many European, not to mention the trillions dollar cost.  Towards that end, Trump has signed an order requiring a plan within 30 days to defeat ISIS. The plan should include  “recommended changes to any United States rules of engagement. ” It does sound terrible and it probably is. Nor do we know whether it would work. If it doesn’t, it would most probably cost him the presidency and his reputation.  Bitcoin, the Hedge  Considering the complicated task that Trump faces, from Mexico to China, Europe, Russia and Arabia, bitcoin may continue to attract attention as an easier means of wealth storage and transportation, but Trump shouldn’t be underestimated. He withstood the opposition of the entire media, all of the establishment and even the revolt of his own party during the election campaign and still rose to be the most powerful man in the world mainly because he retained the support of his base and attracted the support of independents.  Retaining such support now may be more difficult as there is no other candidate for comparison, leaving his actions to be judged solely on their own merits. As such, he can scarcely afford shambles like the blanket ban which may benefit bitcoin, but does little to persuade independents who may now be on the fence, waiting for the picture to become slightly more clear. Until it does, bitcoin may rise as Trump continues his first 100 days in power, but, depending on his future statements or actions, it may be a temporary reaction.  Disclaimer: The views expressed in the article are solely that of the author and do not represent those of, nor should they be attributed to CCN.  Image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Philippines Considers Bitcoin Regulation amid Remittance Increase Twitter  The Philippines government is discussing whether to regulate digital currencies like bitcoin in the country to improve protection for its citizens as the number of Filipinos abroad using bitcoin to send money back home increases.  Ranked as the world’s third largest recipient of remittances, with nearly $30 billion coming into the country last year, amounting to around 10 percent of the country’s GDP, the Philippines is ripe to take advantage of the digital currency.  The Philippine central bank could soon regulate digital currencies like bitcoin.  In a report from  Bloomberg , Nestor Espenilla, a deputy governor at the central bank, is reported to have said earlier this month that the number of transactions relating to digital currencies was increasing. He said this was down to the fact that they provide a cheaper and faster option of moving money compared to normal remittance routes.  However, he mentioned that the central bank is concerned about money laundering.  We are studying putting virtual currency exchange operators under a more formal regulatory framework.  According to Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas, the central bank of the Republic of the Philippines, it is estimated that digital currencies used in transactions have increased by around $2 million every month.  Remittance Services in the Philippines  Last month  Token Hub Asia in the Philippines celebrated its one-year anniversary as a remittance service  for altcoin Eternal Coin (XEC) serving the Philippines, Japan, Hong Kong, and Korea. Owned by Japanese company Atom Solutions, it allows a user to send funds directly to a recipient’s mobile phone.  The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation (OCBC) also announced last month that it had claimed a  first regional use of blockchain technology for remittance  by utilizing a pilot platform jointly developed with BCSIS, a local payments startup in Singapore.  As such the successful pilot demonstrates that payments can now be more secure and quicker, delivering lower costs with a lack of intermediaries.  Stepping Up Security  In February, hackers gained access to the  Bangladeshi central bank stealing $81 million  from foreign reserves, which were then transferred to the Manila-based Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation.  While the thieves only managed to steal $81 million from the attempted $951 million, the money routed to the Philippines was then diverted to casinos.  However, in an effort to ensure that the Philippine central bank is safe from the type of cyber-heist that affected the Bangladeshi central bank, the authority announced they will be  introducing a cybersecurity surveillance division .  The agency will monitor cyber threats, conduct surveillance, and test the cybersecurity infrastructure of supervised institutions.  With the Philippines  launching it first two-way  bitcoin ATM last year, the digital currency is set to only increase in popularity as more people turn to it as the payment choice for remittance services.  Images from Shutterstock and Wikimedia.  
DECREASE	   What Do the Tech CEOs from Trump ’s Sitdown Think of Bitcoin? Twitter  Donald Trump met with tech executives last week.  Trump transition team member, billionaire technologist Peter Thiel, whose oversees funds with Bitcoin investments, sat to the president-elect Trump’s left. Incoming Vice President Peter Thiel was on the president-elect’s right. At one point Mr. Thiel, with money in startups like BitPay, and Mr. Trump embraced hands.  The people who run some of the most valuable companies in the US were there at the meeting, which has been dubbed the “Trump Tech Summit”,  including Apple CEO Tim Cook and Larry Page from Alphabet/Google. Palantir CEO Alex Karp, the meeting’s only representative from a private company, was also present. Why?  Mr. Thiel  founded Palantir. (conflict of interest much?)  Mr. Thiel’s Founder’s Fund led a capital raise of $2 million into BitPay in 2013. How have some of the other tech giants interacted with Bitcoin in their past?  We’ve boiled it down …  Alphabet CEO Larry Page  Mr. Page has not commented publicly on Bitcoin, but Google has reportedly   explored   blockchain technology, according to Forbes’ journalist Andy Greenberg.   A Bitcoiner from Pakistan, Jarar Malik,   reportedly   wrote several tech company CEOs to ask if they had plans for Bitcoin adoption. He was ignored, until Google ’s Senior Vice President Vic Gundotra wrote back.  “We are working in the payments team to figure out how to incorporate bitcoin into our plans, ” wrote Google Senior VP of Ads and Commerce Sridhar Ramaswamy at one point in the email exchange that Malik forwarded to me. He promised to get back in touch  “when we are a little more sure. ”  Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk  In an interview available on YouTube, Mr. Musk, who has been appointed to Trump’s  Team of Advisories , describes his feelings on Bitcoin.   I think Bitcoin is probably a good thing. I think it ’s primarily going to be a means of doing illegal transactions …But that ’s not necessarily entirely bad. You know, some things maybe shouldn ’t be illegal.  Mr. Musk, who said he did not own Bitcoin at the time, elaborates.  He said:  “It will be useful for legal and illegal transactions. Otherwise it would have no value as a use for illegal transactions. Because you have to have a legal to illegal bridge. ”   IBM CEO Ginni Rometty   IBM has aggressively pursued a line of blockchain focused products.      I am not talking about bitcoin or a cybercurrency, but the [underlying] technology that allows you to have trust and efficiency in the exchange of anything. This will have a profound change in how the world works. . .The blockchain will do for transactions what the internet did for information.  IBM has  aggressively pursued  a line of blockchain focused products, and has  grand expectations  for the future of blockchain in industry. The multinational technology corporation has released reports  conjecturing  that in the future 65% of banks  will be using  blockchain technology.  Others at the table might not have had much to say about Bitcoin and its underlying technology, but their companies have investigated its relevance.   For instance, while Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has not spoken directly on the topic, Microsoft has both  accepted  bitcoin payments and has launched its own  blockchain services platform .   Apple CEO Tim Cook has been mute publicly on the subject, though Apple is aggressively research, developing and putting into production payment products. Others at the meeting who have not publicly shared much about their feelings on bitcoin or blockchain included Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, Oracle CEO Safra Catz,  Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, Cisco CEO Chuck Robbins and Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg,   All the companies at the  meeting  were worth at least $150 billion, save for Elon Musk’s Tesla.   “I want to start by thanking Peter,” Mr. Trump said of the Bitcoin startup investor, “because he saw something very early, maybe before we saw it, and of course he’s known for that in a different way.”  Thiel, he said, is “a very special guy.”   A body language expert thinks Mr. Trump really likes Mr. Thiel.   “[Trump] not only grabs the palm of [Thiel’s] hand, he grabs the outside of his hand, and he pats it…he’s caressing it,”  says  Lillian Glass, a body language and communication expert based in Beverly Hills, California. “It shows that he really likes this guy.”  The meeting, organized by  Mr. Thiel , to be sure drew criticism for its lack of diversity.   Images from Flickr and  CNBC News .  
DECREASE	   Hungarian Central Bank Warns of Bitcoin  & Cryptocurrencies’ Risks  Twitter  The National Bank of Hungary (MNB) has issued a public statement warning citizens who use or invest in cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin, citing their unregulated nature amid increasing instances of high-return investment schemes abusing the cryptocurrency.  Roughly translated, the  warning  read:  The so-called cryptocurrency issuers typically operate via the web with extensive marketing tools and the promise of high yields, targeting uninformed users into the system (scheme).  Published yesterday, the MNB warned users looking to invest in virtual currencies that they are outside the purview of any authority due to their unregulated framework. The warning comes after the monetary authority claimed to receive numerous complaints from users engaging in cryptocurrency activity, particularly online high-yield schemes promising big returns through digital  currencies.  The public warning specifically mentions bitcoin, reminding users of no guarantees of consumer protection against losses.  It states:  In the case of bitcoin and similar devices used in virtual payments, a lack of adequate liability and warranty could lead to losses due to abuse.  The warning also reminded users that there is no institution guaranteeing the execution of a transaction or the reimbursement of payment. Furthermore, the authority warned users about drastic price changes and unpredictability with cryptocurrencies.  The notice also pointed to the altcoin OneCoin – frequently pointed to as a scam  – which it deemed a pyramid scheme. Here, the scheme purports to allow investment in assets but really functions with those issued solely by a central entity, an example of a ‘closed stock market’, the warning adds.  The central bank’s warning is similar to those issued by other financial regulators or authorities in other countries, such as Kenya and Vietnam. The Central Bank of Kenya also picked out bitcoin in a public announcement  warning users against adopting  the cryptocurrency. The fallout from a collapsed pyramid scheme in Vietnam saw the country ’s government  warn its citizens  against using bitcoin.  A Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority warning was  particularly pointed toward OneCoin . As was an official warning from the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority in September 2016, which revealed that the City of London Police was investigating OneCoin.  Image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Unocoin Partners Bitwage for Bitcoin-Based Payroll in India Twitter  Indian bitcoin exchange Unocoin is ramping up its fervent push for bitcoin adoption in India.  A new partnership with San Francisco-based bitcoin payments company Bitwage will see Unocoin integrated into the payments platform, enabling India-based workers, employees and businesses to receive wages from foreign businesses faster and at better rates.  “For instance, an employee receiving $1,000 USD sent to India could receive 70250.00 INR with Bitwage, far more than an estimated 64481.60 INR through Paypal or approximately 65660.00 INR via Citibank India,” claim Bitwage and Unocoin.  Bitwage allows employers to pay or actuate payments to employees. The platform uses bitcoin as a transfer mechanism and offers payouts in fiat currency or bitcoin – the latter, even if the employer does not pay out with the cryptocurrency.  An Unocoin account is generated automatically when employees, freelancers or businesses in India sign up on Bitwage. Currently, INR wages are supported from companies based in the United States, the United Kingdom and Europe.  Sunny Ray, co-founder and president of Unocoin stated:  The demand for Bitcoin in India is tremendous. Together with Unocoin, Bitwage is giving foreign employees in India an unprecedented arbitrage opportunity, so they can take home far more money from the same paycheck than ever before.  India is among the fastest growing bases for startups, anywhere in the world and is also home to  a significant  freelancer and contract hiring community. Bitcoin-based remittance and payroll solutions could have a telling impact on an employee base that is still heavily reliant on the likes of PayPal or other traditional money transfer companies.  Bitcoin can enable faster wages at cheaper rates.  Unocoin’s integration with Bitwage will be powered by the Indian exchange’s  recently released API,  which has opened the door for companies outside the country to gain entry into the Indian market.  Among the leading exchanges in India, Unocoin’s new partnership with Bitwage joins the likes of its  existing tie-up  with bitcoin blockchain-based Blockstream, the latter which aims to enable low-cost cross-border remittance between Canada and India.  As the second most populated country in the world, India is still only starting to find its feet after the recent demonetization drive.  “With the recent economic crisis in India, more and more people are turning towards Bitcoin, ” Ray added. In these cash-strapped times, Unocoin is making a marked effort to push for bitcoin adoption. Flush from a  $1.5 million funding round , a record for a bitcoin startup in the country, the bitcoin exchange has released  new mobile applications , APIs and now a partner in Bitwage as bitcoin  awareness  and  adoption  rises in India.  Images from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Report: Hackers Steal Millions in Bitcoin by Merely Using Phone Numbers Twitter  Hackers are changing their game plan. By using a person’s phone number they can now gain access and steal money from someone’s bank account to bitcoin.  In a report from  Forbes , which highlights the story of Colombian Jered Kenna, hackers were able to move his mobile phone number, after faking his identity, transferring it from T-Mobile to a carrier known as Bandwidth, which was linked to the hacker’s Google voice account.  The hackers then subsequently proceeded to reset Kenna’s email passwords before locking him out of 30 other accounts, which included two banks, PayPal, two bitcoin services, and his Windows account.  However, while the hacks into his bank accounts were reversible, the theft of his stolen bitcoin was not. According to the report, Kenna lost ‘millions of dollars’ worth’ of bitcoin.  He states:  I was one of the first people to actually do anything in bitcoin and I no longer have any bitcoin to speak of. I’ve got, like, 60 coins or something, which is nothing compared to – it’s a fraction.  Unfortunately, as Forbes notes, this is not a unique case. Nowadays, hackers are attempting to target anything ranging from people to hospitals so that they can get their hands on bitcoin.  Using Phones for Hacking  Phones, we use them everyday, but now hackers are turning them against us.  According to the  Federal Trade Commission  (FTC), thieves are using mobile phones more often to target unsuspecting people.  In January 2013, the number of incidents reported to the FTC for that month amounted to 1,038 incidents, representing 3.2 percent of all identity theft incidents. Fast-forward to January 2016 and that number had increased to 2,658 incidents, representing 6.3 percent of identity thefts reported to the FTC.  Of course, as Forbes reports, while it ’s difficult to put an actual figure on the number of hacks targeting digital currencies, San Francisco-based Coinbase believes that number will double from November to December among its customers.  Who Has Been Targeted?  Individuals who hold a large portion of bitcoin are those that are often targeted by hackers. As it ’s impossible to trace or reverse bitcoin transactions, hackers are savvy enough to know this.  So who exactly have they targeted in the past?  Adam Draper, who runs an accelerator Bitcoin startup called Boost VC, saw  hackers steal $50k  from him two years ago. As he didn ’t know who did it, he couldn ’t do anything about it. Bo Shen, a notable blockchain industry investor lost $300,000 worth of his Augur REP tokens after hackers stole them. While miner Joby Weeks saw hackers steal $100,000 worth of his bitcoin in addition to removing his other digital currencies such as Ether, Ripple, and Monero.  No Specialized Knowledge  Surprisingly, the hackers in these instances didn ’t require any specific knowledge. All they needed was a person ’s phone number and a customer service representative at a phone carrier who was not security minded.  Once in possession of a two-factor authentication code (2FA), which is typically supposed to add an extra security layer beyond a person ’s password, the hacker can easily gain access to an individual ’s bank account, email, social media accounts, and digital currency accounts.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Jersey Announces First Regulated Bitcoin Fund Listing Twitter  The Channel Islands Securities Exchange has announced that it has listed its first regulated bitcoin fund listing, the Jersey’s Global Advisors Investment Fund plc.  As the largest of the Channel Islands located between England and France, Jersey, a U.K. dependency, now has the opportunity to push the island’s FinTech sector forward.  Jersey Island is pushing efforts to become a Fintech hub.  According to Daniel Masters, principal of Global Advisors, the time was ‘right’ for the listing, which is helped by the fact that the digital currency Bitcoin now has a market cap of just under $13 billion, as reported by cryptocurrency market,  Coin Market Cap .  Global Advisors are also reported to manage two Bitcoin exchange traded certificates, COINXBT and COINXBE, both of which are listed on the NasdaqOMX in Stockholm.  Good News for the Channel Islands  The Isle of Man, also a U.K. dependency in the Irish Sea, which is also part of the Channel Islands, has also been gaining media attention.  Known as the ‘ Bitcoin Island ’, local bitcoin exchange CoinCorner has been sponsoring motorcycle race rider the ‘Flying Kiwi’ Bruce Anstey for the past two years during the Isle of Man TT.  Keen to support a local race and to help boost bitcoin adoption on the island and elsewhere with help from a popular televised sport, the Isle of Man’s TT is the perfect fit.  Bitcoin has become quite established as the currency of choice on the Isle of Man. Now that Jersey is also turning its attention toward the currency may suggest its commitment to further push the island to become a global digital currency leader.  Jersey’s Approach to Regulation  Now that Jersey has established its first regulated bitcoin fund listing, regulation processes will need to be undertaken.  In 2015, the European Union’s Court of Justice ruled that for tax purposes, bitcoin would be treated as a currency rather than a commodity. Subsequently, this approach was followed by the U.K.  As such, the new digital currency regulations that Jersey is adopting will only see an amendment to Jersey’s 1999 Proceeds of Crime (Jersey) Law, so that digital currencies such as bitcoin are characterized as currency, reports International Investment.  As a result, exchangers will have to adopt procedures that prevent money laundering.  However, with interest in the digital market expanding it seems as though bitcoin has removed itself from its tainted past. With increased interest in its underlying distributed ledger, the blockchain, continuing to trace a path in various sectors, it looks as though the technology and digital currency will provide benefits to Jersey.  Images from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   CEX.IO Reaches $80 Million in Card Transactions Twitter  London-based bitcoin exchange  CEX.IO , has reached $80 million in card transactions for deposits and withdrawals and 800,000 accounts since its establishment in 2013. With the United States, Europe, and South America being its main market, the past year has seen the company enable many significant features for its customers.  Card payments are an easy and popular option among CEX.IO users. They can use their ordinary Visa or MasterCard to buy and sell BTC and ETH. Once the card is linked to a user’s profile, deposits and withdrawals are processed instantly, at very lost costs, starting from $3.80 only.  When a user links their payment card to buy or sell bitcoins and ether or to simply withdraw money to their cards, they can do so at a low cost, starting from $3.80 per transaction.  Speaking to CCN, Oleksandr Lutskevych, CEO of CEX.IO., said:  CEX.IO is one of the oldest players in the industry, and reputation matters when it comes to money.  Instant Withdrawals with CEX.IO  To provide an efficient withdrawal service to its customers, CEX.IO launched its  instant withdrawals of USD, EUR, and RUB  (Russian Ruble) to payment cards earlier this year.  By doing so, the exchange became the only one to currently offer instant withdrawals and deposits of fiat money to Visa or MasterCard through a few clicks at low commissions, thus enabling them to stand out among their competitors.  Adding Ethereum to the Platform  In April, CEX.IO added the digital currency Ethereum to its market allowing its customers to trade ETH/BTC and ETH/USD, in addition to buying ether with their Visa or MasterCard, or via bank transfer.  Currently, the number one digital currency on the market is bitcoin; however, at the time of publishing, ethereum is second with a market cap of just under $700 million, according to  Coin Market Cap . With an average market price of under $8, ethereum is significantly higher than many other altcoins in the market.  Lutskevych stated that there has been a significant rise in the number of users since the addition of ethereum.  We have seen a 15 percent growth of users since [the] ETH market has been added to CEX.IO. Many people are willing to invest in ETH and are attracted by the ability to buy coins using [a] credit card.  Upgraded PCI DSS Certification  Customers who use their payment cards on the exchange want the confidence to know that their card data is safe from hackers.  To ensure this, CEX.IO obtained an  upgraded PCI DSS certificate  in August, to Level 2, which ensures the safety of payment card data entered, after the exchange passed the assessment.  Lutskevych said:  [The] PCI DSS certificate is a necessary document that can be received after profound assessment of security standards. CEX.IO successfully passed this assessment and complies with [the] highest security standards in terms of card data safety.  Margin Trading between BTC and ETH  Margin trading  is a method of trading that involves borrowing funds, giving users the option to trade more than they may be able to with their current funds. As such, CEX.IO launched their margin trading platform in October welcoming arbitrage traders to trade BTC/USD, ETH/BTC, and BTC/EUR with 1:2 and 1:3 leverages.  By doing so, they can open long and short positions where they can profit on the growth or fall of the price. The main feature of the margin trading platform is the risk preventing system that ensures that a person’s funds won’t decrease into negative values.  Plans for 2017?  With 2016 coming to a close, CEX.IO is looking to the New Year to deliver further improvements on its current services for its customers by introducing better conditions in terms of fees and processing times.  Lutskevych concluded by saying:  We are planning to launch a new referral program in early 2017 and we are expecting even more rapid growth of our user base and turnover, based on the current dynamics.  This is a sponsored story.  Featured image from Shutterstock.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin Price Rings the $800 Bell Twitter  Bitcoin price hits a new high in 2016 and is now trading at figures unseen since early 2014, at a near 3-year-high.  After a strong quarter that saw bitcoin price rally from the $600 mark in October to $700 in November before steadily increasing afterwards, the value of the cryptocurrency broke through the $800 to reach a high of $810 on the Bitstamp Price Index (BPI). That figure was achieved for the first time since February 5, 2014, when bitcoin price struck $809.48.  Bitcoin is trading to the dollar at a new 34-month high.  The surge began late Tuesday night (UTC). After a steady day of trading that hovered above the $790 mark, price spiked from $792.51 at 22:35 to $801.71 an hour later at 23:35. Following a brief drop-off, trading value made further gains throughout Wednesday before striking a high of $809.90 at 09:50.  At the time of publishing, the BPI shows the index price at $809.81.   In the past few months, the world has witnessed a number of notable incidents that have arguably spurred on bitcoin’s rally. Chief among them, is the unlikely victory of US president-elect Donald Trump. The incoming president’s  cabinet pick  in bitcoin-friendly Mick Mulvaney for U.S. Treasury chief, yesterday, could have helped the cryptocurrency spring past $800.  Chinese exchanges have seen record trading volumes following Trump’s victory and the country’s widely adopted 0% trading fee policy sees everyday investors in their droves turning toward bitcoin as confidence in the Chinese yuan drops, much like the fiat currency itself.  Recent cash  crunches  in India and  Venezuela  have also led to record  trading volumes  and  adoption  of bitcoin in those countries.  As the year winds down, bitcoin price started 2016 at $432. At $810, the world’s most prominent cryptocurrency has gained 87.5% in value.  Bitcoin’s total market cap currently stands at $12.985 billion.   For a live Bitcoin Price chart, click  here .  For the most recent bitcoin price analysis piece from CCN analyst Jim Fredrickson, click  here . Today’s analysis will be published shortly.  All time references are in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).  Image from Shutterstock. Charts from Bitcoin Wisdom and CoinMarketCap.  
DECREASE	   Bitcoin at Pivotal Resistance Area Twitter  Readers of this column may remember that in my  last update  2 days ago I pointed out that resistance on multiple timeframes was approaching.  On the daily chart, we are now just ~ $10 away from 5 th  arc resistance. See below:  As you can see, the blue arrows attest to the fact that pricetime reacted virtually every time an arc was touched from the start of the rally last May.  Will the 5 th  arc be different?  I doubt that very much, though the market will be the judge in the end, not me.  In any case, we are going to find out quite soon.  Readers will know that I advised opening long positions at $730 a couple weeks back, and that I advised that I was closing my longs at $790 two days ago.  At almost $810 presently, I am sure there are some who question my decision to close my long position 2 day ago.  It is a fair observation.  The truth I that I am a bit conflicted.  On the one hand, I see plenty of reasons to believe this market wants to go up much further.  On the other hand, I see that 5 th  arc dead ahead, which I look upon as a great big danger sign flashing.  As I have pointed out in the recent past, I am reminded of the thrilling rally in late 2013.  It was similar situation.  The market had been clawing its way higher for weeks.  Finally, the 5 th  arc was reached and I yelled out a warning to all my friends and colleagues to close their longs.  Then, pricetime worked its way through the 5 th  arc pair.  As soon as it had cleared the pair, the rally exploded higher and kept going until it went from ~$250 all the way to $1200.  I am acutely aware that history may repeat itself.   I have closed my long positions, but am ready to re-open them if that 5 th  arc pair is broken.  BY THE WAY, I have highlighted in yellow an example of a Tradingview error.  Note that the chart price scale is HOSED.  If anyone from Tradingview is reading this, PLEASE FIX YOUR SCALE.     Happy trading!  Remember:  The author is a trader who is subject to all manner of error in judgement.  Do your own research, and be prepared to take full responsibility for your own trades.  
DECREASE	   The Pros and Cons of the X11 Algorithm  Twitter  Firstly, let me start out by saying that we fully support the X11 Algorithm and that we do believe it is the future for many coins out there. Especially considering that  Scrypt ASICs have already been spotted in the wild , and that there are  new ASICs of an expected 250 MH/s !  The X11 Algorithm has its flaws though (cons), but do they outweigh all of the pros?  Without further ado, let ’s take a look at the pros and cons of the X11 Algorithm.  Litecoin ’s supposed X11 Logo  Pros  First Pro of the X11 Algorithm?  Security:  The algorithm uses eleven hashing functions from the Blake algorithm to the Keccak algorithm making it very secure which really is needed for coins that do so well for CPU ’s  Effectiveness:  The X11 Algorithm gives amazingly fast hashes for both GPU ’s and CPU ’s. It also keeps GPU ’s over 30% cooler making your expensive graphic cards less prone to overheating. The reason? Graphic cards don ’t require as much processing power in order to mine the coins with this algorithm  Power Cost:  Due to how effective it is, graphic cards do not require that much power in order to mine it. Therefore, you will see significantly lower electricity costs at the end of the month. This makes coins running this algorithm to be a favorite in places where electricity costs are far from bearable.  Mineability:  Being more complicated than a SHA​256 ASIC implementation, the use of X11 will prevent the use of ASIC miners in the short­​ term to mid​­term future. It will also allow for a longer period of mining for CPU/GPU users  The Intention : Why do I think the X11 Algorithm is great? It ’s what Satoshi Nakamoto intended Bitcoin to be. It decentralizes hashing power by making it easy to mine through affordable hardware which is what Satoshi Nakamoto originally wanted.(Yes! I think this is a Pro. Increases peoples faith in the algorithm and helps build hype).  We must note that Satoshi did predict the coming of ASICs, though.  The fact that some Litecoin developers considered changing to the X11 Algorithm makes me think that it is something special and obviously many others must feel this way.     Cons  Longevity : The X11 Algorithm is not as long-term as some expect it to be. We ’d give it a maximum of two years before this algorithm gets ASIC ’d. Even though it ’s complex, all algorithms have their weaknesses and this algorithm might not be an exception.  Botnet Attacks : The algorithm has not seen any botnet attacks of significant magnitude, but it is a concern. CPU ’s mine at hashrates of GPU ’s on SCRYPT that makes it susceptible to botnet attacks.  (Lack of) Network Effect : The X11 algorithm may sound like a miner ’s dream come true; however, newcomers to mining will be ill equiped to fully appreciate any of the aforementioned pros.  Community? : Without the right community behind a coin running the X11 algorithm, said coin could suffer fatally from just a few bad dumps. The incentives and methods behind such an attack would obviously change as difficulty rises and could also change depending on block rewards and halving rates. With many X11 algorithm altcoins going to be released, it is a matter of patience to see how supportive people are of the algorithm, in general as opposed to each specific coin.     Conclusion  The X11 algorithm is very effective and unique on its own but the success of an X11 algorithm altcoin depends on other features within the coin. If some way is found to keep longevity and effectiveness while still having great support behind an algorithm, then we could safely say that it would be the best algorithm choice, for any altcoin. For the time being, X11 is the algorithm most should prefer and until we have an even more improved version of it …  We support it in its entirety.   If there is any pro or con you can think of, please feel free to add a comment or join our discussion in the  Mining Group at CCN .  
DECREASE	   Adam Back: Sidechains Can Replace Altcoins and  ‘Bitcoin 2.0 ’ Platforms Twitter  Bitcoin sidechains could be used to replace that hundreds of altcoins and  “Bitcoin 2.0 ” platforms that have popped up over the past few years.  It ’s no secret that  I ’m not the biggest fan of altcoins , and I ’ll try to hold back my excitement about this new project from  Adam Back , the creator of Bitcoin ’s proof-of-work system, and  Austin Hill  that could be the perfect way to finally achieve  “ Bitcoin 2.0 “. There are plenty of projects out there today, such as  Mastercoin , Counterparty, BitShares, and others who are trying to create the second generation of cryptocurrencies, but these two gentlemen seem to believe that there ’s no reason to create a new altcoin when we already have Bitcoin. While there are a few other niche coins that have gained value due to some pretty cool added features,  none of them can take down the main value proposition of Bitcoin, which is its network effect . Altcoins have been an amazing area of innovation for cryptocurrency over the past few years, but it makes sense to combine all of these new features into one ecosystem instead of creating a situation where you have to buy a new coin if you want to use a certain feature. For example, you shouldn ’t need to use Mastercoin if you want to use a distributed asset exchange, and you shouldn ’t need to switch over to  Zerocoin  if you want some extra anonymity in your transactions. This latest concept of Bitcoin 2.0 would keep all of these new features inside the Bitcoin network through the use of sidechains.  More Innovation, Less Altcoins  With this new system of sidechains, innovation would be able to take place on the Bitcoin network without having to worry about the entire system collapsing. One of the main reasons that there aren ’t more features added to Bitcoin on a regular basis is that introducing one new bug could take down the entire $6 billion market. Sidechains allow innovation to take place in the Bitcoin network without putting the entire system at risk. If something goes wrong on one of the sidechains, only the bitcoins in that sidechain are lost, and the entire Bitcoin network can continue to flourish.  Altcoins have actually been quite suitable for testing new innovations in the cryptocurrency space, but the main issue with these new cryptocoins is that they break up the overall network effect of this new technology. You shouldn ’t have to buy into a new altcoin just because you want faster confirmation times or the ability to use some new, unique smart contracts. It ’s possible to bring all of these features to Bitcoin by using a two-way peg system. This means you could move your bitcoins from the original blockchain to a new sidechain in order to gain the added features of that sidechain without having to switch into a completely new currency. For example, you may have your savings in cold storage on the original Bitcoin blockchain, but it could make sense to pay for your morning coffee on a sidechain that focuses on enabling microtransactions. Bitcoins retain their original value on each one of the sidechains, and this system also preserves the idea of having a hard limit on 21 million bitcoins that can be sent through all of the different sidechains rather than inflating the total number of cryptocoins with each new feature.  The Real Bitcoin 2.0?  I ’ve been following the Bitcoin 2.0 space for quite some time, and the projects that usually get me more excited than anything else are the ones that are coin agonstic. This is why Colored Coins and  Open Transactions  have been two of my favorite new platforms in this space. The main issue with other types of projects is that users will have to buy into a new cryptocurrency to use some of the new features involved in those platforms. For example, you need to purchase XCP if you wish to issue assets or place financial bets on the Counterparty platform. The main issue here is that the bitcoin is the cryptocurrency with the largest network effect and most liquidity. This means it also comes with the most stable price. When it comes to using new features in the cryptocurrency space, people will still want to use the currency that comes with the least amount of volatility. There is no point in trying to do contracts for difference or microtransactions in a currency that is much more vola tile than the bitcoin. Due to the fact that this project is coin agnostic and is being put together by Adam Back, Austin Hill, and a number of different Bitcoin core developers, I have to think that we are finally looking at the project that deserves the title of  “Bitcoin 2.0 ”.  Make sure to listen to Adam B. Levine ’s full interview with  Adam Back and Austin Hill from episode 99 of Let ’s Talk Bitcoin . You can also find a breakdown of some of the main points made in the interview from  Tim Swanson ’s blog .  
DECREASE	   Agricultural Bank Of China Notifies BtcTrade That They Need To Halt RMB  “Recharges ” By April 15th Twitter  The  Agricultural Bank of China , one of the Big Four Chinese Banks, has begun notifying its Bitcoin Exchange clients of upcoming changes to policy.  The other 3  “Big Four ” banks in China are: The Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, China Construction Bank, and Bank of China.  By market capitalization, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China is the largest bank in the entire world, according to  Relbanks 2013 statistics  on largest banks in the world.  The Agricultural Bank of China is the 6th largest bank in the world by the same measure, outstripping all American Banks besides Wells Fargo and Chase.  Today, BtcTrade and Huobi join  OKCoin, FXBTC, and BTC3 8 in announcing an end to their acceptance of Chinese RMB deposits via bank card recharge.  It is worth re-mentioning that Bitcoin is  not banned  in China.  China has merely forced Chinese Bitcoin exchanges to operate outside of Chinese banks, fiscally.  China wants to limit the amount of Bitcoins that can be bought by Chinese citizens to a measly $50,000 USD worth annually, thus limiting capital flight by that method.  Image from  banktrack .  Today, BtcTrade.com released an  announcement on their website  titled:  关于BtcTrade于4月15日暂停银行卡充值业务的公告  Announcement About the BtcTrade halting of Bank Card Recharges on 4/15.  Bank Card Recharges are the popular way for Chinese RMB to make its way into Chinese Bitcoin Exchanges ’ bank accounts.  This particular method of RMB  “Recharges ” or deposits is what is supposedly being choked off by the rumored  new PBOC notice : Notice on Further Strengthening Bitcoin Risk Prevention Measures.  The translated text of BtcTrade ’s announcement is provided below:  尊敬的BtcTrade用户及广大比特币爱好者： 我们抱着很沉重的心情发布这个公告，BtcTrade刚接收到公司开户行中国农业银行杭州科技城支行的电话通知，要求我司于4月15日停止使用公司帐户进行比特币相关业务的结算，如逾期未停止，将于4月15日冻结公司的银行帐户。在此，BtcTrade不得不决定于2014年4月15日0点后停止处理人民币充值业务，交易提现暂不受影响。 BtcTrade自上线之初就定位于全球市场，我们已经在中国大陆、中国香港、日本、美国等地进行公司注册。近期BtcTrade将开通美元业务，同时日文站现已上线运营，新版也将于4月15日前上线。短期内我们将会通过公布冷钱包地址，进行100%保证金公开，确保平台不参与任何交易，充分保证用户资金安全，请大家监督。 我们是一支简单的团队，在正式运营的这一年中我们一直用心的为大家搭建一个简单、方便、安全的交易平台，不参与任何的交易、没有上线杠杆、做空机制及其它附加业务，团队成员只是希望通过自己的努力一点点的去推动比特币的进程。我们想说：路过疯狂，继续远方，我们坚信BtcTrade的未来是美好的，比特币的未来不可估量！  Dear BtcTrade users and the greater Bitcoin community:  I write this announcement with a heavy heart, BtcTrade just received a phone call from the HangZhou Science and Technology City Branch of the Agricultural Bank of China requiring that I stop using company accounts to clear Bitcoin trades.  If we are late in stopping,  they will freeze the company ’s bank account on April 15th.  As such, at BtcTrade we have no choice but to stop RMB recharges starting 4/15 at 0:00; trading is not affected.  Since the beginning, BtcTrade has set out to face the international market.  We have already registered as companies in mainland China, Chinese Hong Kong, Japan, and also the United States.  Very soon, we will open USD trading; simultaneously, we will open our Japanese website.  The new version will be online by April 15th. During the move, we will announce our cold storage add ress and guarantee 100% transparency.  To ensure that the platform doesn ’t participate in any trade and that user funds are completely secure, we invite you all to please monitor us.  We are a persistent and simple team, in the first year of our formal operation we have been hard at work to build a simple, convenient, yet secure trading platform.  We don ’t trade on our platform, we don ’t offer leverage, shorting, or other services like that.  Out team members do what they can to facilitate the development and spread of Bitcoin.  We firmly believe that BtcTrade still has a bright future, and Bitcoin ’s future will be immeasurable!     Also In China  Huobi, a larger Chinese Bitcoin Exchange than BtcTrade, has also  published an announcement today  (4/10/14) regarding new notification from their bank:  The Industrial and Commerical Bank of China  (ICBC).  In the announcement, which will be translated later, Huobi revealed that the Zhongguancun branch of the ICBC contacted them to stop using their account.  The Zhongguancun branch of ICBC revealed that they received oral notice from their higher ups that Huobi ’s account was to be closed.  The people that Huobi talked to had not seen a written notice, and they speculated that different branches might be interpreting in different ways.  Regardless, Huobi is also no longer going to be using ICBC as their company bank account.  They were also adamant in assuring their users that all funds, Bitcoin and fiat, are 100% safe.  In fact, Huobi has stated explicitly that  all  withdrawals are not affected at all by this news.     In Another Part Of The World …  The 15th largest bank in the world, the National Australia Bank (NAB), also announced that they were closing off accounts of Bitcoin related businesses.  This is a shock to many Bitcoin services based out of Australia, namely Coinjar, given that NAB was previously one of the most pro-Bitcoin banks in the entire world.  In a  blogpost , Coinjar revealed that due to strategic policy shifts by the NAB, the banking relationship between Coinjar and NAB would have to come to an end.  They reassured customers that all fiat balances on Coinjar were 100% secure and safe, and made their opinion known:  We’re disappointed with NAB’s decision – as it affects many companies in Australia – but are grateful for the service they’ve provided us to this point and how they’ve handled delivering the news.  
DECREASE	   What happens in Vegas can be paid for in Bitcoin  – Bunnies Now Accepts Bitcoin Twitter   Las Vegas has been a hub of Bitcoin activity recently. With the  Inside Bitcoin conference  taking place there before heading to New York City, we ’ve seen plenty of tech-savviness from  ‘Gambling capitol of the World ’ but what ’s the latest you can get for Bitcoin?  Bunnies, yes. Your Bitcoin trip to  ‘Sin City ’ can be assisted with the  services of the Bunnies of Las Vegas . They announced on Wednesday their embrace of the CryptoCurrency, saying  “ Tech-savvy consumers are as into their Bitcoins as they are their Benjamins. It is time such consumers have an option to use Bitcoins for adult entertainment in Las Vegas.   ”  One of the benefits of this is that Bitcoin offers users a higher level of privacy and security. Considering how a trip to Vegas may be for some, this could be a huge boon to wayward travelers. Don ’t want someone to know what you spent in Las Vegas? Well, thanks to the pseudo-anonymity of the wallet system, no one needs to know!  Of course, US regulations may be sticking their noses into this. Bunnies will still be obligated to follow business practices and tax guidelines of which I asked them in an email:  How will the recent IRS tax guidelines affect your establishment?  “While I can’t speak on behalf of the owner in regards to the recent IRS tax guidelines, I can tell you that the outcall entertainment industry or more commonly referred to as the escort industry has had it’s fair share of government legislation both passed an un-passed that try to impede the rights of individuals and or businesses, the un-passed legislation only came to being because of supporters that were not in the industry, but understood that passing certain legislation was unconstitutional. [S]o  “Bunnies jumping into bed with Bitcoin ”  makes sense not only from a business point of view but also based on a common historical principle which goes to show that the government works for the people not the other way around … ”  “ [N]ow, more then ever,  it’s important for companies and individuals to show more support of Bitcoin by simply offering to accept it as a payment option to their customers. As things are currently in a constant flux with Bitcoin and laws, what we’re doing presently is: at the time of the transaction record the Bitcoin amount and USD exchange value. If the client wishes to keep this for their records we offer that at the time of transaction to the client via email. This type of recording isn’t something new to us or our industry or at least that here in Las Vegas, NV is required to document in this way for cash and credit card transactions, so for us it’s simply a matter of adding a new payment option. ”  Who will be processing these payments?  “ Bips.me  is the merchant of choice, I believe. ”  [divider]Viva los Bitcoins[/divider]  Illustration by Dana Lipnickas of CCNMoney  Interestingly enough, Las Vegas has become somewhat of a hub of Bitcoin activity. Aside from the big Inside Bitcoin conference, Bitcoins are making a lasting impression ont he business landscape here.  Earlier this year, The Golden Gate Casino and Hotel as well as the D Las Vegas Casino and Hotel became the first known US gambling brick and mortar establishments to accept the digital currency that not only can pay for gambling, but can pay for hotel rooms and related purchases.  George Greenberg of Las Vegas became one of the first  Bitcoin lawyers . As a Bitcoin Attorney, he works to help clients navigate the emerging legal world of cryptocurrencies.  Also, Robocoin, recently noted for being the creators of the Bitcoin ATM that  Senator Jared Polis (D-CO) exhibited at Capitol Hill  on Wednesday, is based in Las Vegas.  What are your thoughts on Bitcoins in Vegas? Are you considering a risque Bitcoin Bachelor Party now? Tell your thoughts in our group discussions  here  or in the comments below.  
DECREASE	   Bitinvest Launches Prepaid Bitcoin Debit Card Twitter  Coincard is a prepaid debit card you can load with bitcoins.  Bitinvest  is a Brazilian company that provides users a market to buy, sell, and store digital currencies. At the moment, Bitinvest only supports bitcoin and Litecoin, but the exchange plans to support other currencies in the future. Today, Bitinvest announced a new, simple way to use bitcoin practically anywhere in Brazil. It ’s called  Coincard , and it ’s a prepaid MasterCard debit card that can be loaded with BTC.  How it Works   Using a Coincard couldn ’t be simpler. After  signing up  for the card, Bitinvest will deliver it anywhere in the world. Next, a cardholder will be given a unique bitcoin address. This address is used to load the card, and deposited bitcoins will instantly be converted to Brazilian Reais. Once the card is loaded, it can be used anywhere in Brazil where MasterCard is accepted.  Benefits   Perhaps the single biggest benefit of Coincard is that it ’s so simple and intuitive. The card can easily be loaded, since Bitinvest handles the conversion from BTC to BRL (Brazilian Reais). If cardholders want to convert BRL back to BTC, this can be done as well. Furthermore, Coincard has the typical security features one would expect from a traditional debit card. It can only be used with a personal PIN, and if the card is lost or stolen, it can easily be deactivated, and any funds in the card will be transferred to a new Coincard. Finally, Coincard can be used in the millions of locations in the country where MasterCard is accepted.  Coincard seems like a great tool for anyone living in or traveling to Brazil. With the 2014 FIFA World Cup starting soon, many bitcoiners will be travelling to the country and could definitely benefit from Coincard. It ’s unfortunate that Coincard works exclusively in Brazil, but hopefully others will take note and develop similarly simple solutions for other countries.  
DECREASE	   New Cryptocurrency Exchange  – Virtex to Launch in Lithuania Twitter  Virtex is a new Bitcoin and Litecoin exchange based in Lithuania that will open soon. Inspired by the booming cryptocurrency industry and its revolutionary technology, CEO Paulius Meskauskas, CMO Tomas Andzelis, CRO Mantas Gustys and a team of over 20 other people will be launching their project in the city of Kaunas, the technological and economic center of Lithuania.  In a world of uncertainty, Virtex aims to be strong and open on its dealings, learning from the failures of other exchanges.  They will operate on a 100% liquid basis. Live chat is also available for customers 8 hours per day, 5 days per week, and this customer service offering could be extended to 24/7 if there is high demand during off hours.  In addition, users of Virtex will also be using a Bitcoin trading platform with world-class security features. Secure Sockets Layered technology is used to protect the privacy and security of each individual account, and cold storage wallets are used to keep the majority of funds unavailable to potential hackers. All customer data is stored on dedicated servers that are scanned periodically for suspicious activity, and the integrity of the entire exchange is also monitored by a third party company on a continual basis.  What ’s also great is that Virtex will offer many trading options when they open: Users will be able to use the Virtex platform for  USD, EUR, NZD, AUD, GBP, CNY, BTC, and LTC . Users will also have a number of funding and withdrawal options such as  OKPay, AstroPay, and KADU Collect  which will be available at launch.   Virtex has plans to expand to more in the future.  [divider]Point of clarification: Virtex is not CaVirtEx[/divider]  Virtex has received a lot of flak for this and so they would just like to clarify that they do not have any relation to the Canadian cryptocurrency exchange known as CaVirtEx.  Virtex aims at approaching an international market (excluding FATF blacklisted countries) and focusing on Europe as well, while CaVirtEx mainly focuses on Canadian customers. Virtex believes that they can coexist with CaVirtex, which is why they have decided to avoid the Canadian market. They are in no way attempting to  ‘steal thunder. ’  [divider]Special offer for pre-launch customers[/divider]  To grab the attention of Bitcoin traders across the globe,  Virtex is offering a 50% discount on trading fees  for users who are able to register during the pre-launch campaign. This discount will last for a period of three months.     Virtex is a revolutionary cryptocurrency exchange based in Kaunas, Lithuania that focuses on enhanced customer service and security features for international traders. You can find more information about them at  www.virtex.com  or email them at  [email  protected]  
DECREASE	   Nextcoin Spiking Twitter  Earlier in the year, I had a conversation with my father-in-law, Greg, about the merits of Bitcoin and the investment possibility.  At the time Bitcoin was trading around $70.  The push over $1000 and resulting media attention was the push into the world of Bitcoin for him.  An astute handicapper, he asked me for a way to follow the price of Bitcoin.  Like anyone knowledgeable  about the space,  Coin Marketcap  serves the purpose very well.  A few nights ago, Greg pointed out to me another coin- Nextcoin (NXT).  He asked me if I knew anything about the coin.  We have established a position on his call.  I have spent a couple of days studying Nextcoin as an investment.  Yesterday, the price really started to head higher and today  Nextcoin.org  went down due to an influx of traffic.  I reached out to two people involved with Nextcoin about an interview, and each graciously declined because of how busy they are with Nextcoin.    Adding all of these things together, it looks like the new guy has some skills.      -The Crypto Analyst  
DECREASE	   The Majority of Dread Pirate Roberts ’ Bitcoins Remain Unseized Twitter  Check out this article from The Guardian .    Majority of Silk Road ’s Bitcoins may remain unseized  Four-fifths of the income received by the Silk Road boss, Dread Pirate Roberts (DPR), has not been seized by FBI, research shows      The supposed one-fifth of Silk Road ’s bitcoins that have been seized are held at this wallet by the FBI:  1F1tAaz5x1HUXrCNLbtMDqcw6o5GNn4xqX .   It is great fun to read through all the transaction notes, angry rantings, loan requests, etc that people are sending to the publicly viewable address.  These bitcoins were seized from the Silk Road but they were  not   seized from Mr. Ross Ulbricht.  Those bitcoins sitting in the FBI wallet are mostly  “innocent ” user funds, and those funds that were held in escrow due to pending orders at the time.  Some Silk Road users are attempting to claim their bitcoins back from the US government by claiming that they were using Silk Road for their legal goods, of which there were just a few.  By the way  Business Insider , www.blockchain.info is not the actual blockchain, it is just a crawler that allows you to view a lot of useful data.  Suggesting otherwise shows blatant stupidity.    The bitcoins that the article are actually referring to are for all intents and purposes the private stash of Mr. Ross Ulbricht.  The same stash that he would supposedly use to escape custody should he be released on bail.  The media around the world is doing their best to obscure the lines between the Silk Road and Mr. Ross Ulbricht in an attempt to render him guilty until pro ven innocent as opposed to the other way around.  This is an anticipated angle given that Mr. Ross Ulbricht ’s only probable defense is attacking the evidence tying his physical identity to the virtual identity of DPR.  The  research article  that spawned this recent headline comes from two Israeli researchers from the Weizman Institute of Science ’s Computer Science Department.  They trace the Silk Road connected bitcoins back from the FBI wallet and through Silk Road ’s mixer to confirm what every Bitcoiner worth half a satoshi already knew: The majority of bitcoins that Mr. Ross Ulbricht probably has control over remain unseized .     Not surprisingly, Mr. Ross Ulbricht was recently  denied bail  due to  “high flight risk. ”  In case you missed it, the prosecutors argued very convincingly that Mr. Ross Ulbricht  perhaps had the highest flight risk out of any fugitive ever apprehended.  The public is supposed to believe that should Mr. Ross Ulbricht, whom is denied internet access while he is in prison, make it out on bail that he would immediately book a ticket on www.cheapair.com to the Dominican u sing his hidden bitcoins.  For those interested in the politicking behind the headlines, check out this  AMA on reddit ’s silkroad subreddit  from an attendee of Mr. Ross Ulbricht ’s Bail Hearing.  In the interest of journalistic integrity I must also present to you  this highly discussed post  on the Silk Road subreddit.  The Bitcoin community, of which the Silk Road community is a small part of, is incredibly torn as to how to view Mr. Ross Ulbricht aka Dread Pirate Roberts.  Is he a murderer? Is he a psychopath? Is he ever going to get out of jail? Do his  “good ” deeds outweigh his bad deeds?   The only thing we do know for sure is that Mr. Ross Ulbricht will remain behind bars, and major media will continue to pop out sensationalist headlines about Bitcoin, drugs, and anything and everything for the foreseeable future.  
